<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001171843-25-001541.txt : 20250319
<SEC-HEADER>0001171843-25-001541.hdr.sgml : 20250319
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250319070014
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001171843-25-001541
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		26
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250313
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250319
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250319

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Integer Holdings Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001114483
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTROMEDICAL & ELECTROTHERAPEUTIC APPARATUS [3845]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				161531026
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-16137
		FILM NUMBER:		25750843

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5830 GRANITE PARKWAY., SUITE 1150
		CITY:			PLANO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75024
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(214) 618-5243

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5830 GRANITE PARKWAY., SUITE 1150
		CITY:			PLANO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75024

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GREATBATCH, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050531

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WILSON GREATBATCH TECHNOLOGIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000511
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>f8k_031925.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?Form 8-K

0001114483False00011144832025-03-132025-03-13iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

_________________

FORM 8-K

_________________

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest
event reported): March 13, 2025

_______________________________

INTEGER
HOLDINGS CORPORATION

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

_______________________________

Delaware 1-16137 16-1531026

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

5830
Granite Parkway, Suite 1150

Plano,
Texas75024

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

(214)
618-5243

(Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

_______________________________

Check the appropriate box below if
the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act:

Title of
each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each
exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, $0.001 par value per share ITGR New
York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule
12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate
by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Indenture and Notes

On March 18, 2025, Integer Holdings Corporation (the Company) closed its private offering of $1 billion aggregate principal
amount of 1.875% Convertible Senior Notes due 2030 (the Notes), which amount includes the exercise in full of the $125 million
option granted to the initial purchasers of the Notes (the Convertible Senior Notes Offering), to persons reasonably believed
to be qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Notes bear interest
at a fixed rate of 1.875% per year, payable semiannually in arrears on March 15 and September 15 of each year, beginning on September
15, 2025. The Notes will mature on March 15, 2030, unless earlier repurchased, redeemed or converted in accordance with their terms. 
The Notes are convertible at the option of the holders, under certain circumstances and during certain periods, into cash up to the aggregate
principal amount of the Notes to be converted and cash, shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.001 per share (Common
Stock), or a combination of cash and shares of Common Stock, at the Companys election, in respect of the remainder, if any,
of the Companys conversion obligation in excess of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes being converted.

The net proceeds from the Convertible Senior Notes Offering were approximately $976.1 million, after deducting estimated initial purchasers
discounts and estimated offering expenses payable by the Company. The Company used a portion of the net proceeds from the Convertible
Senior Notes Offering to pay the cost of the Capped Call Transactions described below and to fund the cash portion of the Exchange Transactions
described below. The Company intends to use the remainder of the net proceeds to repay outstanding borrowings and any accrued and unpaid
interest, and any prepayment premium, penalty or other amount, if any, due under the Companys credit agreement dated as of September
2, 2021 by and among Greatbatch Ltd., as borrower, the Company, as parent, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent,
and the other parties from time to time party thereto, as such credit agreement may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified
through the date of filing of this Current Report on Form 8-K (the Credit Agreement), and for general corporate purposes.

The Company issued the Notes pursuant to an indenture dated as of March 18, 2025 (the Indenture) by and between the Company
and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee.

Prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding December 15, 2029, the Notes are convertible at the option
of the holders of the Notes only under certain conditions. On or after December 15, 2029, until the close of business on the second scheduled
trading day immediately preceding the maturity date, holders of the Notes may convert all or any portion of the Notes at their option
at the conversion rate then in effect, irrespective of these conditions. The Company will settle conversions of the Notes by paying
cash up to the aggregate principal amount of the Notes to be converted and cash, shares of Common Stock or a combination of cash and shares
of Common Stock, at the Companys election, in respect of the remainder, if any, of the Companys conversion obligation in
excess of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes being converted. The conversion rate will initially be 6.6243 shares of Common
Stock per $1,000 principal amount of Notes (equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately $150.96 per share of Common Stock). 
The conversion rate is subject to customary adjustments upon the occurrence of certain events. The Company may not redeem the Notes
prior to March 20, 2028. The Company may redeem for cash all or part of the Notes, at its option, on or after March 20, 2028, under
certain circumstances at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid
interest to, but excluding, the redemption date (as defined in the Indenture).

If the Company undergoes a fundamental change (as defined in the Indenture), holders of the Notes may require the Company to repurchase
for cash all or part of their Notes at a repurchase price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued
and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date (as defined in the Indenture). In addition, if a make-whole
fundamental change (as defined in the Indenture) occurs or if the Company sends a notice of redemption (as defined in the Indenture),
the Company will be required in certain circumstances to increase the conversion rate for any Notes converted in connection with such
make-whole fundamental change or notice of redemption by a specified number of shares of its Common Stock.

The Indenture provides for customary events of default, which include (subject in certain cases to grace and cure periods), among others:
nonpayment of principal or interest; failure by the Company to comply with its conversion obligations upon exercise of a holders
conversion right under the Indenture; breach of covenants or other agreements in the Indenture; defaults by the Company or any significant
subsidiary (as defined in the Indenture) with respect to other indebtedness in excess of a threshold amount; failure by the Company or
any significant subsidiary to pay final judgments in excess of a threshold amount; and the occurrence of certain events of bankruptcy,
insolvency or reorganization with respect to the Company or any significant subsidiary. Generally, if an event of default occurs and is
continuing under the Indenture, either the trustee or the holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding
may declare the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes to be immediately due and payable.

The Notes will be the Companys senior unsecured obligations and will rank senior in right of payment to any indebtedness that
is expressly subordinated to the Notes and will rank equally with all of its existing and future senior unsecured indebtedness that is
not so subordinated, including the Companys 2028 Notes (as defined below). The Notes will be effectively subordinated to all of
the Companys existing and future secured indebtedness, including the Companys obligations under the Credit Agreement, to
the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness and structurally subordinated to all existing and future liabilities
(including trade payables) of the Companys existing and future subsidiaries, including obligations of certain of its subsidiaries
under the Credit Agreement.

The foregoing description of the Indenture and the Notes above is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full texts of the Indenture
and the Form of Note, which are filed as Exhibits 4.1 and 4.2, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated by
reference into this Item 1.01.

Capped Call Transactions

On March 13, 2025, in connection with the pricing of the Notes, the Company entered into privately negotiated capped call transactions
(the Base Capped Call Transactions) with certain of the initial purchasers or their respective affiliates and certain other
financial institutions (the Option Counterparties). In addition, on March 14, 2025, in connection with the initial purchasers
exercise in full of their option to purchase additional Notes, the Company entered into additional capped call transactions (the Additional
Capped Call Transactions, and, together with the Base Capped Call Transactions, the Capped Call Transactions) with
each of the Option Counterparties. The Company used $71.0 million of the net proceeds from the Convertible Senior Notes Offering
to pay the cost of the Capped Call Transactions. The Capped Call Transactions are expected generally to reduce the potential dilution
to the Common Stock upon any conversion of the Notes and/or offset any cash payments the Company is required to make in excess of the
principal amount of converted Notes, as the case may be, in the event that the market price per share of the Common Stock, as measured
under the terms of the Capped Call Transactions, is greater than the strike price of the Capped Call Transactions, which initially corresponds
to the conversion price of the Notes and is subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments. The cap price of the Capped Call Transactions
will initially be $189.44 per share and is subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments under the terms of the Capped Call Transactions.

The Capped Call Transactions are separate transactions entered into by the Company with the Option Counterparties, are not part of
the terms of the Notes and will not change the holders rights under the Notes. Holders of the Notes will not have any rights with
respect to the Capped Call Transactions.

The description of the Capped Call Transactions above is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full texts of the form of the
base capped call confirmation and the form of the additional capped call confirmation relating to the Capped Call Transactions, which
are filed as Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated by reference into this Item
1.01.

Exchange Transactions

On March 13, 2025, the Company entered into separate, privately negotiated exchange agreements (the Exchange Agreements),
with a limited number of holders of its 2.125% Convertible Senior Notes due 2028 (the 2028 Notes), to exchange approximately
$383.7 million in aggregate principal amount of 2028 Notes for an aggregate of approximately $384.4 million in cash and 1,553,806 shares
of Common Stock (the Note Exchange Transactions).

In connection with the Note Exchange Transactions, the Company expects that holders of the 2028 Notes who have agreed to have their
2028 Notes exchanged and who have hedged their equity price risk with respect to such 2028 Notes (the hedged holders) will
unwind all or part of their hedge positions by buying Common Stock and/or entering into or unwinding various derivative transactions with
respect to the Common Stock. The amount of Common Stock to be purchased by the hedged holders or the notional number of shares of Common
Stock underlying such derivative transactions may be substantial in relation to the historic average daily trading volume of the Common
Stock. This activity by the hedged holders could increase (or reduce the size of any decrease in) the market price of the Common Stock,
including concurrently with the pricing of the Notes, resulting in a higher effective conversion price of the Notes. The Company cannot
predict the magnitude of such market activity or the overall effect it will have on the price of the Notes or the Common Stock and the
corresponding effect on the initial conversion price of the Notes.

Unwind Agreements

As previously disclosed, in connection with issuing the 2028 Notes, the Company entered into privately negotiated capped call transactions
(the Existing Capped Call Transactions) with certain financial institutions (the Existing Capped Call Counterparties).
In connection with the Exchange Agreements, the Company entered into agreements substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 10.3
(the Unwind Agreements) with the Existing Capped Call Counterparties to terminate a portion of the Existing Capped Call
Transactions in a notional amount corresponding to the amount of 2028 Notes exchanged.

In connection with the termination of these transactions, the Company expects that the Existing Capped Call Counterparties and/or their
respective affiliates entered into or unwound various derivatives with respect to the Common Stock and/or bought or sold shares of the
Common Stock concurrently with or shortly after pricing of the Notes. This activity could have increased (or reduced the size of
any decrease in) or decreased (or reduced the size of any increase in) the market price of the Common Stock, which could have affected
the conversion price of the Notes.

The description of the Unwind Agreements above is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the form of Unwind Agreement,
which is filed as Exhibit 10.3 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated by reference into this Item 1.01.

Item 2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet
Arrangement of a Registrant.

The information set forth under Item 1.01 is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03.

Item 3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

Sale of the Notes

The information set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02. The Company
offered and sold the Notes to the initial purchasers in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (Securities Act). The Company relied on this exemption from registration based in part
on representations made by the initial purchasers. The Notes were resold by the initial purchasers to persons whom the initial purchasers
reasonably believe are qualified institutional buyers, as defined in, and in accordance with, Rule 144A under the Securities
Act. Any shares of the Common stock that may be issued upon conversion of the Notes will be issued in reliance upon Section 3(a)(9) of
the Securities Act as involving an exchange by the Company exclusively with its security holders. Initially, a maximum of 8,445,900
shares of Common Stock may be issued upon conversion of the Notes, based on the initial maximum conversion rate of 8.4459 shares of Common
Stock per $1,000 principal amount of Notes, which is subject to customary anti-dilution adjustment provisions.

Exchange Transactions

The information under the heading Exchange Transactions in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated
by reference into this Item 3.02. The issuance of shares of Common Stock pursuant to the Exchange Agreements was exempt from registration
under the Securities Act in reliance upon Section 4(a)(2) thereof. The Company is relying on this exemption from registration based in
part on representations made by the holders of 2028 Notes party to the Exchange Agreements.

Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure.

On March 18, 2025, the Company announced the closing of the Convertible Senior Notes Offering. A copy of the press release announcing
the closing of the Convertible Senior Notes Offering is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit

4.1 Indenture, dated March 18, 2025, by and between Integer Holdings Corporation and Wilmington Trust, National Association as trustee

4.2 Form of 1.875% Convertible Senior Note due 2030 (included in Exhibit 4.1)

10.1 Form of Base Capped Call Confirmation

10.2 Form of Additional Capped Called Confirmation

10.3 Form of Unwind Agreement

99.1 Press Release, dated March 18, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

INTEGER HOLDINGS CORPORATION

Date: March 19, 2025 By: /s/ Diron Smith 

Diron Smith

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>exh_41.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

integer Holdings corporation,

as Issuer

AND

WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Trustee

INDENTURE

Dated as of March 18, 2025

1.875% Convertible Senior Notes due 2030

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

Article 1 

DEFINITIONS 1

Section 1.01. Definitions 1

Section 1.02. References to Interest 13

Article 2 

ISSUE, DESCRIPTION, EXECUTION, REGISTRATION AND EXCHANGE OF NOTES 13

Section 2.01. Designation and Amount 13

Section 2.02. Form of Notes 14

Section 2.03. Date and Denomination of Notes; Payments of Interest and Defaulted Amounts 14

Section 2.04. Execution, Authentication and Delivery of Notes 16

Section 2.05. Exchange and Registration of Transfer of Notes; Restrictions on Transfer; Depositary 17

Section 2.06. Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Notes 24

Section 2.07. Temporary Notes 25

Section 2.08. Cancellation of Notes Paid, Converted, Etc 25

Section 2.09. CUSIP Numbers 25

Section 2.10. Additional Notes; Repurchases 26

Article 3 

SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE 26

Section 3.01. Satisfaction and Discharge 26

Article 4 

PARTICULAR COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY 27

Section 4.01. Payment of Principal and Interest 27

Section 4.02. Maintenance of Office or Agency 27

Section 4.03. Appointments to Fill Vacancies in Trustees Office 28

Section 4.04. Provisions as to Paying Agent 28

Section 4.05. Existence 29

Section 4.06. Rule 144A Information Requirement and Annual Reports 29

Section 4.07. Stay, Extension and Usury Laws 32

Section 4.08. Compliance Certificate; Statements as to Defaults 32

Section 4.09. Further Instruments and Acts 32

i 

Article 5 

LISTS OF HOLDERS AND REPORTS BY THE COMPANY AND THE TRUSTEE 32

Section 5.01. Lists of Holders 32

Section 5.02. Preservation and Disclosure of Lists 33

Article 6 

DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES 33

Section 6.01. Events of Default 33

Section 6.02. Acceleration; Rescission and Annulment 34

Section 6.03. Additional Interest 36

Section 6.04. Payments of Notes on Default; Suit Therefor 37

Section 6.05. Application of Monies Collected by Trustee 38

Section 6.06. Proceedings by Holders 39

Section 6.07. Proceedings by Trustee 40

Section 6.08. Remedies Cumulative and Continuing 40

Section 6.09. Direction of Proceedings and Waiver of Defaults by Majority of Holders 40

Section 6.10. Notice of Defaults 41

Section 6.11. Undertaking to Pay Costs 41

Article 7 

CONCERNING THE TRUSTEE 42

Section 7.01. Duties and Responsibilities of Trustee 42

Section 7.02. Reliance on Documents, Opinions, Etc 44

Section 7.03. No Responsibility for Recitals, Etc 45

Section 7.04. Trustee, Paying Agents, Conversion Agents, Bid Solicitation Agent or Note Registrar May Own Notes 46

Section 7.05. Monies to Be Held in Trust 46

Section 7.06. Compensation and Expenses of Trustee 46

Section 7.07. Officers Certificate as Evidence 47

Section 7.08. Eligibility of Trustee 47

Section 7.09. Resignation or Removal of Trustee 47

Section 7.10. Acceptance by Successor Trustee 48

Section 7.11. Succession by Merger, Etc 49

Section 7.12. Trustees Application for Instructions from the Company 50

Article 8 

CONCERNING THE HOLDERS 50

Section 8.01. Action by Holders 50

Section 8.02. Proof of Execution by Holders 50

Section 8.03. Who Are Deemed Absolute Owners 50

Section 8.04. Company-Owned Notes Disregarded 51

Section 8.05. Revocation of Consents; Future Holders Bound 51

ii 

Article 9 

HOLDERS MEETINGS 52

Section 9.01. Purpose of Meetings 52

Section 9.02. Call of Meetings by Trustee 52

Section 9.03. Call of Meetings by Company or Holders 52

Section 9.04. Qualifications for Voting 53

Section 9.05. Regulations 53

Section 9.06. Voting 53

Section 9.07. No Delay of Rights by Meeting 54

Article 10 

SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURES 54

Section 10.01. Supplemental Indentures Without Consent of Holders 54

Section 10.02. Supplemental Indentures with Consent of Holders 55

Section 10.03. Effect of Supplemental Indentures 56

Section 10.04. Notation on Notes 56

Section 10.05. Evidence of Compliance of Supplemental Indenture to Be Furnished to Trustee 57

Article 11 

CONSOLIDATION, MERGER, SALE, CONVEYANCE AND LEASE OF THE COMPANY 57

Section 11.01. Company May Consolidate, Etc. on Certain Terms 57

Section 11.02. Successor Company to Be Substituted 57

Section 11.03. Officers Certificate and Opinion of Counsel to Be Given to Trustee 58

Article 12 

IMMUNITY OF INCORPORATORS, STOCKHOLDERS, OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS 59

Section 12.01. Indenture and Notes Solely Corporate Obligations 59

Article 13 

[INTENTIONALLY OMITTED] 59

iii 

Article 14 

CONVERSION OF NOTES 59

Section 14.01. Conversion Privilege 59

Section 14.02. Conversion Procedure; Settlement Upon Conversion. 62

Section 14.03. Increased Conversion Rate Applicable to Certain Notes Surrendered in Connection with Make-Whole Fundamental Changes or a Notice of Redemption 66

Section 14.04. Adjustment of Conversion Rate 69

Section 14.05. Adjustments of Prices 78

Section 14.06. Shares to Be Fully Paid 78

Section 14.07. Effect of Recapitalizations, Reclassifications and Changes of the Common Stock. 78

Section 14.08. Certain Covenants 80

Section 14.09. Responsibility of Trustee 81

Section 14.10. [Intentionally Omitted]. 81

Section 14.11. Stockholder Rights Plans 81

Section 14.12. Exchange in Lieu of Conversion 82

Article 15 

REPURCHASE OF NOTES AT OPTION OF HOLDERS 83

Section 15.01. [Intentionally Omitted]. 83

Section 15.02. Repurchase at Option of Holders Upon a Fundamental Change 83

Section 15.03. Withdrawal of Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice 86

Section 15.04. Deposit of Fundamental Change Repurchase Price 86

Section 15.05. Covenant to Comply with Applicable Laws Upon Repurchase of Notes 87

Article 16 

OPTIONAL REDEMPTION 87

Section 16.01. Optional Redemption 87

Section 16.02. Notice of Optional Redemption; Selection of Notes 88

Section 16.03. Payment of Notes Called for Redemption 89

Section 16.04. Restrictions on Redemption 89

iv 

Article 17 

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 90

Section 17.01. Provisions Binding on Companys Successors 90

Section 17.02. Official Acts by Successor 90

Section 17.03. Addresses for Notices, Etc 90

Section 17.04. Governing Law; Jurisdiction 91

Section 17.05. Evidence of Compliance with Conditions Precedent; Certificates and Opinions of Counsel to Trustee 92

Section 17.06. Legal Holidays 92

Section 17.07. No Security Interest Created 92

Section 17.08. Benefits of Indenture 92

Section 17.09. Table of Contents, Headings, Etc 92

Section 17.10. Authenticating Agent 93

Section 17.11. Execution in Counterparts; Electronic Signatures 94

Section 17.12. Severability 94

Section 17.13. Waiver of Jury Trial 94

Section 17.14. Force Majeure 94

Section 17.15. Calculations 95

Section 17.16. USA PATRIOT Act 95

Section 17.17. Tax Withholding 95

Section 17.18. Service of Process 95

EXHIBIT 

Exhibit A Form of Note A-1

v 

INDENTURE dated as of March 18, 2025 between integer
holdings corporation, a Delaware corporation, as issuer (the Company, as more fully set forth in Section 1.01),
and WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association, as trustee
(the Trustee, as more fully set forth in Section 1.01).

W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, for its lawful corporate purposes, the Company has duly authorized
the issuance of its 1.875% Convertible Senior Notes due 2030 (the Notes), initially in an aggregate principal amount
not to exceed $1,000,000,000, and in order to provide the terms and conditions upon which the Notes are to be authenticated, issued and
delivered, the Company has duly authorized the execution and delivery of this Indenture; and

WHEREAS, the Form of Note, the certificate of authentication to be borne
by each Note, the Form of Notice of Conversion, the Form of Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice and the Form of Assignment and Transfer
to be borne by the Notes are to be substantially in the forms hereinafter provided; and

WHEREAS, all acts and things necessary to make the Notes, when executed
by the Company and authenticated and delivered by the Trustee or a duly authorized authenticating agent, as in this Indenture provided,
the valid, binding and legal obligations of the Company, and this Indenture a valid agreement according to its terms, have been done and
performed, and the execution of this Indenture and the issuance hereunder of the Notes have in all respects been duly authorized.

NOW, THEREFORE, THIS INDENTURE WITNESSETH:

That in order to declare the terms and conditions upon which the Notes are,
and are to be, authenticated, issued and delivered, and in consideration of the premises and of the purchase and acceptance of the Notes
by the Holders thereof, the Company covenants and agrees with the Trustee for the equal and proportionate benefit of the respective Holders
from time to time of the Notes (except as otherwise provided below), as follows:

Article
1

Definitions

Section 1.01. Definitions. The terms defined in this Section 1.01
(except as herein otherwise expressly provided or unless the context otherwise requires) for all purposes of this Indenture and of any
indenture supplemental hereto shall have the respective meanings specified in this Section 1.01. The words herein, hereof,
hereunder and words of similar import refer to this Indenture as a whole and not to any particular Article, Section or other
subdivision. The terms defined in this Article include the plural as well as the singular.1% Exception shall have
the meaning specified in Section 14.04(j).

1 

Additional Interest means all amounts, if any, payable
pursuant to Section 4.06(d), Section 4.06(e) and Section 6.03, as applicable.

Additional Shares shall have the meaning specified
in Section 14.03(a).

Affiliate of any specified Person means any other Person
directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purposes
of this definition, control, when used with respect to any specified Person means the power to direct or cause the direction
of the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract
or otherwise; and the terms controlling and controlled have meanings correlative to the foregoing. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein, the determination of whether one Person is an Affiliate of another Person for purposes
of this Indenture shall be made based on the facts at the time such determination is made or required to be made, as the case may be,
hereunder.

Bid Solicitation Agent means the Company or the Person
appointed by the Company to solicit bids for the Trading Price of the Notes in accordance with Section 14.01(b)(i). The Company shall
initially act as the Bid Solicitation Agent.

Board of Directors means the board of directors of
the Company or a committee of such board duly authorized to act for it hereunder.

Board Resolution means a copy of a resolution certified
by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company to have been duly adopted by the Board of Directors, and to be in full force
and effect on the date of such certification, and delivered to the Trustee.

Business Day means, with respect to any Note, any day
other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is authorized or required by law or executive order
to close or be closed.

Capital Stock means, for any entity, any and all shares,
interests, rights to purchase, warrants, options, participations or other equivalents of or interests in (however designated) stock issued
by that entity.

Cash Percentage shall have the meaning specified in
Section 14.02(a)(i).

Clause A Distribution shall have the meaning specified
in Section 14.04(c).

Clause B Distribution shall have the meaning specified
in Section 14.04(c).

Clause C Distribution shall have the meaning specified
in Section 14.04(c).

close of business means 5:00 p.m. (New York City time).

Commission means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

2 

Common Equity of any Person means Capital Stock of
such Person that is generally entitled (a) to vote in the election of directors of such Person or (b) if such Person is not a corporation,
to vote or otherwise participate in the selection of the governing body, partners, managers or others that will control the management
or policies of such Person.

Common Stock means the common stock of the Company,
$0.001 par value per share, at the date of this Indenture, subject to Section 14.07.

Company shall have the meaning specified in the first
paragraph of this Indenture, and subject to the provisions of Article 11, shall include its successors and assigns.

Company Order means a written order of the Company
signed by at least one Officer of the Company and delivered to the Trustee.

Conversion Agent shall have the meaning specified in
Section 4.02.

Conversion Consideration shall have the meaning specified
in Section 14.12(a).

Conversion Date shall have the meaning specified in
Section 14.02(c).

Conversion Obligation shall have the meaning specified
in Section 14.01(a).

Conversion Price means as of any time, $1,000, divided
by the Conversion Rate as of such time.

Conversion Rate shall have the meaning specified in
Section 14.01(a).

Corporate Trust Office means the designated office
of the Trustee at which at any time its corporate trust business shall be administered, which office at the date hereof is located at
Wilmington Trust, National Association, 1310 Silas Deane Highway, Wethersfield, CT 06109, Attention: Integer Holdings Corporation Notes
Administrator, or such other address as the Trustee may designate from time to time by notice to the Holders and the Company, or the designated
corporate trust office of any successor trustee (or such other address as such successor trustee may designate from time to time by notice
to the Holders and the Company).

Custodian means the Trustee, as custodian for The Depository
Trust Company, with respect to the Global Notes, or any successor entity thereto.

Daily Conversion Value means, for each of the 50 consecutive
Trading Days during the Observation Period, 2% of the product of (a) the Conversion Rate on such Trading Day and (b) the Daily VWAP for
such Trading Day.

Daily Net Settlement Amount means, for each of the
50 consecutive Trading Days during the relevant Observation Period:

3 

(a) if the Company does
not validly elect a Cash Percentage or the Company validly elects (or is deemed to have elected) a Cash Percentage of 0% as set forth
herein, a number of shares of Common Stock equal to (i) the difference between the Daily Conversion Value for such Trading Day and $20,
divided by (ii) the Daily VWAP for such Trading Day;

(b) if the Company validly
elects a Cash Percentage of 100% as set forth herein, cash in an amount equal to the difference between the Daily Conversion Value for
such Trading Day and $20; or

(c) if the Company validly
elects a Cash Percentage of less than 100% but greater than 0% as set forth herein, (i) cash in an amount equal to the product of (x)
the difference between the Daily Conversion Value for such Trading Day and $20 and (y) the Cash Percentage, plus (ii) a number
of shares of the Common Stock equal to the product of (x) (A) the difference between the Daily Conversion Value for such Trading Day and
$20, divided by (B) the Daily VWAP for such Trading Day and (y) 100% minus the Cash Percentage.

Daily Settlement Amount, for each of the 50 consecutive
Trading Days during the relevant Observation Period, shall consist of:

(a) cash in an amount
equal to the lesser of (i) $20 and (ii) the Daily Conversion Value for such Trading Day; and

(b) if the Daily Conversion
Value for such Trading Day exceeds $20, the Daily Net Settlement Amount for such Trading Day.

Daily VWAP means, for each of the 50 consecutive Trading
Days during the relevant Observation Period, the per share volume-weighted average price as displayed under the heading Bloomberg
VWAP on Bloomberg page ITGR AQR (or its equivalent successor if such page is not available) in respect
of the period from the scheduled open of trading until the scheduled close of trading of the primary trading session on such Trading Day
(or if such volume-weighted average price is unavailable, the market value of one share of the Common Stock on such Trading Day determined,
using a volume-weighted average method, by a nationally recognized independent investment banking firm retained for this purpose by the
Company). The Daily VWAP shall be determined without regard to after-hours trading or any other trading outside of
the regular trading session trading hours.

Default means any event that is, or after notice or
passage of time, or both, would be, an Event of Default.

Defaulted Amounts means any amounts on any Note (including,
without limitation, the Redemption Price, the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, principal and interest) that are payable but are not
punctually paid or duly provided for.

4 

Depositary means, with respect to each Global Note,
the Person specified in Section 2.05(c) as the Depositary with respect to such Notes, until a successor shall have been appointed and
become such pursuant to the applicable provisions of this Indenture, and thereafter, Depositary shall mean or include
such successor.

Designated Financial Institution shall have the meaning
specified in Section 14.12(a).

Distributed Property shall have the meaning specified
in Section 14.04(c).

Effective Date shall have the meaning specified in
Section 14.03(c), except that, as used in Section 14.04 and Section 14.05, Effective Date means the first date on
which shares of the Common Stock trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, reflecting the relevant share
split or share combination, as applicable (it being understood and agreed, for the avoidance of doubt, that any alternative trading convention
on such exchange or such market in respect of shares of the Common Stock under a separate ticker symbol or CUSIP number will not be considered
regular way for this purpose).

Event of Default shall have the meaning specified in
Section 6.01.

Ex-Dividend Date means the first date on which shares
of the Common Stock trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive the issuance,
dividend or distribution in question, from the Company or, if applicable, from the seller of Common Stock on such exchange or market (in
the form of due bills or otherwise) as determined by such exchange or market.

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exchange Election shall have the meaning specified
in Section 14.12(a).

Form of Assignment and Transfer means the Form
of Assignment and Transfer attached as Attachment 3 to the Form of Note attached hereto as Exhibit A.

Form of Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice means
the Form of Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice attached as Attachment 2 to the Form of Note attached hereto as Exhibit
A.

Form of Note means the Form of Note attached
hereto as Exhibit A.

Form of Notice of Conversion means the Form
of Notice of Conversion attached as Attachment 1 to the Form of Note attached hereto as Exhibit A.

Fundamental Change shall be deemed to have occurred
at the time after the Notes are originally issued if any of the following occurs:

5 

(a) except in the case
of a transaction described in clause (b) below, a person or group within the meaning of Section 13(d) of the
Exchange Act, other than the Company, its Wholly Owned Subsidiaries and the employee benefit plans of the Company and its Wholly Owned
Subsidiaries, files any schedule, form or report under the Exchange Act that discloses that such person or group
has become the direct or indirect beneficial owner, as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act, of the Common Stock
representing more than 50% of the voting power of the Common Stock, unless such beneficial ownership (i) arises solely as a result of
a revocable proxy delivered in response to a public proxy or consent solicitation made pursuant to the applicable rules and regulations
under the Exchange Act and (ii) is not also then reportable on Schedule 13D or Schedule 13G (or any successor schedule) under the Exchange
Act as a result thereof; provided that no person or group shall be deemed to be the beneficial owner
of any securities tendered pursuant to a tender or exchange offer made by or on behalf of such person or group
until such tendered securities are accepted for purchase or exchange under such offer;

(b) the consummation
of (A) any recapitalization, reclassification or change of the Common Stock (other than changes resulting from a subdivision or combination
or a change solely in par value) as a result of which the Common Stock would be converted into, or exchanged for, stock, other securities,
other property or assets; (B) any share exchange, consolidation or merger of the Company pursuant to which the Common Stock will be converted
into cash, securities or other property or assets; or (C) any sale, lease or other transfer in one transaction or a series of transactions
of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to any Person other than
one or more of the Companys direct or indirect Wholly Owned Subsidiaries; provided, however, that a transaction described
in clause (A) or (B) in which the holders of all classes of the Companys Common Equity immediately prior to such transaction own,
directly or indirectly, more than 50% of all classes of Common Equity of the continuing or surviving corporation or transferee or the
parent thereof immediately after such transaction in substantially the same proportions (relative to each other) as such ownership immediately
prior to such transaction shall not be a Fundamental Change pursuant to this clause (b);

(c) the stockholders
of the Company approve any plan or proposal for the liquidation or dissolution of the Company; or

(d) the Common Stock
(or other common stock underlying the Notes) ceases to be listed or quoted on any of The New York Stock Exchange, The Nasdaq Global Select
Market or The Nasdaq Global Market (or any of their respective successors);

6 

provided, however, that a transaction or transactions described in clause (a)
or clause (b) above shall not constitute a Fundamental Change, if at least 90% of the consideration received or to be received by the
common stockholders of the Company, excluding cash payments for fractional shares and cash payments made in respect of dissenters
appraisal rights, in connection with such transaction or transactions consists of shares of common stock that are listed or quoted on
any of The New York Stock Exchange, The Nasdaq Global Select Market or The Nasdaq Global Market (or any of their respective successors)
or will be so listed or quoted when issued or exchanged in connection with such transaction or transactions and as a result of such transaction
or transactions the Notes become convertible into such consideration, excluding cash payments for fractional shares and cash payments
made in respect of dissenters appraisal rights (subject to the provisions of Section 14.02(a)). In addition, it shall not constitute
a Fundamental Change pursuant to clause (d) if (x) the Common Stock (or other common stock underlying the Notes) ceases to be listed or
quoted on any of The New York Stock Exchange, The Nasdaq Global Select Market or The Nasdaq Global Market (or any of their respective
successors) solely after the close of the regular trading session on any Scheduled Trading Day and (y) the Common Stock (or other common
stock underlying the Notes) is re-listed or re-quoted on one of The New York Stock Exchange, The Nasdaq Global Select Market or The Nasdaq
Global Market (or any of their respective successors) prior to open of the regular trading session on the immediately succeeding Scheduled
Trading Day. If any transaction in which the Common Stock is replaced by Capital Stock of another entity occurs, following completion
of any related Make-Whole Fundamental Change Period (or, in the case of a transaction that would have been a Fundamental Change or a Make-Whole
Fundamental Change but for the proviso immediately following clause (d) of the definition thereof, following the effective date of such
transaction) references to the Company in this definition shall instead be references to such other entity.

Fundamental Change Company Notice shall have the meaning
specified in Section 15.02(c).

Fundamental Change Repurchase Date shall have the meaning
specified in Section 15.02(a).

Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice shall have the
meaning specified in Section 15.02(b)(i).

Fundamental Change Repurchase Price shall have the
meaning specified in Section 15.02(a).

Fundamental Change Repurchase Right shall have the
meaning specified in Section 15.02(a).

Global Note shall have the meaning specified in Section
2.05(b).

Holder, as applied to any Note, or other similar terms
(but excluding the term beneficial holder), means any Person in whose name at the time a particular Note is registered on
the Note Register.

Indenture means this instrument as originally executed
or, if amended or supplemented as herein provided, as so amended or supplemented.

Interest Payment Date means each March 15 and September
15 of each year, beginning on September 15, 2025.

7 

Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock on any
date means the closing sale price per share (or if no closing sale price is reported, the average of the bid and ask prices or, if more
than one in either case, the average of the average bid and the average ask prices) on that date as reported in composite transactions
for the principal U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which the Common Stock is traded. If the Common Stock is not listed
for trading on a U.S. national or regional securities exchange on the relevant date, the Last Reported Sale Price
shall be the last quoted bid price for the Common Stock in the over-the-counter market on the relevant date as reported by OTC Markets
Group Inc. or a similar organization. If the Common Stock is not so quoted, the Last Reported Sale Price shall be
the average of the mid-point of the last bid and ask prices for the Common Stock on the relevant date from each of at least three nationally
recognized independent investment banking firms selected by the Company for this purpose. The Last Reported Sale Price
shall be determined without regard to after-hours trading or any other trading outside of regular trading session hours.

Make-Whole Fundamental Change means any transaction
or event that constitutes a Fundamental Change (as defined above and determined after giving effect to any exceptions to or exclusions
from such definition, but without regard to the proviso in clause (b) of the definition thereof).

Make-Whole Fundamental Change Period means, for any
Make-Whole Fundamental Change, the period from, and including, the Effective Date of such Make-Whole Fundamental Change up to, and including,
the Business Day immediately prior to the related Fundamental Change Repurchase Date (or, in the case of a Make-Whole Fundamental Change
that would have been a Fundamental Change but for the proviso in clause (b) of the definition thereof, the 35th Trading Day immediately
following the Effective Date of such Make-Whole Fundamental Change).

Market Disruption Event means, for the purposes of
determining amounts due upon conversion (a) a failure by the primary U.S. national or regional securities exchange or market on which
the Common Stock is listed or admitted for trading to open for trading during its regular trading session or (b) the occurrence or existence
prior to 1:00 p.m., New York City time, on any Scheduled Trading Day for the Common Stock for more than one half-hour period in the aggregate
during regular trading hours of any suspension or limitation imposed on trading (by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted
by the relevant stock exchange or otherwise) in the Common Stock or in any options contracts or futures contracts relating to the Common
Stock.

Maturity Date means March 15, 2030.

Maximum Conversion Rate shall have the meaning specified
in Section 14.03(d).

Measurement Period shall have the meaning specified
in Section 14.01(b)(i).

Merger Event shall have the meaning specified in Section
14.07(a).

8 

Note or Notes shall have the meaning
specified in the first paragraph of the recitals of this Indenture.

Note Register shall have the meaning specified in Section
2.05(a).

Note Registrar shall have the meaning specified in
Section 2.05(a).

Notice shall have the meaning specified in Section
17.03.

Notice of Conversion shall have the meaning specified
in Section 14.02(b).

Notice of Redemption shall have the meaning specified
in Section 16.02(a).

Observation Period with respect to any Note surrendered
for conversion means: (i) subject to clause (ii), if the relevant Conversion Date occurs prior to December 15, 2029, the 50 consecutive
Trading Day period beginning on, and including, the second Trading Day immediately succeeding such Conversion Date; (ii) if the relevant
Conversion Date occurs on or after the date of the Companys issuance of a Notice of Redemption with respect to the Notes pursuant
to Section 16.02 and prior to the relevant Redemption Date, the 50 consecutive Trading Days beginning on, and including, the 51st Scheduled
Trading Day immediately preceding such Redemption Date; and (iii) subject to clause (ii), if the relevant Conversion Date occurs on or
after December 15, 2029, the 50 consecutive Trading Days beginning on, and including, the 51st Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding
the Maturity Date.

Offering Memorandum means the preliminary offering
memorandum dated March 12, 2025, as supplemented by the related pricing term sheet dated March 13, 2025, relating
to the offering and sale of the Notes.

Officer means, with respect to the Company, the President,
the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Chief Accounting Officer, any Executive Vice President, any Senior Vice
President, the Controller, the Treasurer, the General Counsel, any Deputy General Counsel, the Secretary or any Assistant Secretary.

Officers Certificate, means, with respect to
the Company or any other obligor upon the Notes, a certificate signed by one Officer of such Person that meets the requirements of Section
17.05 hereof and delivered to the Trustee. Each such certificate shall include the statements provided for in Section 17.05 if, and to
the extent, required by the provisions of such Section. The Officer executing an Officers Certificate pursuant to Section 4.08
shall be the principal executive, financial or accounting officer of the Company.

open of business means 9:00 a.m. (New York City time).

Opinion of Counsel means an opinion in writing signed
by legal counsel, who may be an employee of or counsel to the Company, or other counsel reasonably acceptable to the Trustee, which opinion
may contain customary exceptions and qualifications as to the matters set forth therein, that is delivered to the Trustee in a form and
substance reasonably acceptable to the Trustee. Each such opinion shall include the statements provided for in Section 17.05 if and to
the extent required by the provisions of such Section 17.05.

9 

Optional Redemption shall have the meaning specified
in Section 16.01.

outstanding, when used with reference to Notes, shall,
subject to the provisions of Section 8.04, mean, as of any particular time, all Notes authenticated and delivered by the Trustee under
this Indenture, except:

(a) Notes theretofore
canceled by the Trustee or accepted by the Trustee for cancellation;

(b) Notes, or portions
thereof, that have become due and payable and in respect of which monies in the necessary amount shall have been deposited in trust with
the Trustee or with any Paying Agent (other than the Company) or shall have been set aside and segregated in trust by the Company (if
the Company shall act as its own Paying Agent);

(c) Notes that have been
paid pursuant to Section 2.06 or Notes in lieu of which, or in substitution for which, other Notes shall have been authenticated and delivered
pursuant to the terms of Section 2.06 unless proof satisfactory to the Trustee is presented that any such Notes are held by protected
purchasers in due course;

(d) Notes converted pursuant
to Article 14 and required to be cancelled pursuant to Section 2.08;

(e) Notes redeemed pursuant
to Article 16; and

(f) Notes repurchased
by the Company pursuant to the penultimate sentence of Section 2.10.

Paying Agent shall have the meaning specified in Section
4.02.

Person means an individual, a corporation, a limited
liability company, an association, a partnership, a joint venture, a joint stock company, a trust, an unincorporated organization or a
government or an agency or a political subdivision thereof.

Physical Notes means permanent certificated Notes in
registered form issued in denominations of $1,000 in principal amount and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof.

Predecessor Note of any particular Note means every
previous Note evidencing all or a portion of the same debt as that evidenced by such particular Note; and, for the purposes of this definition,
any Note authenticated and delivered under Section 2.06 in lieu of or in exchange for a mutilated, lost, destroyed or stolen Note shall
be deemed to evidence the same debt as the mutilated, lost, destroyed or stolen Note that it replaces.

10 

Redemption Date shall have the meaning specified in
Section 16.02(a).

Redemption Price means, for any Notes to be redeemed
pursuant to Section 16.01, 100% of the principal amount of such Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding,
the Redemption Date (unless the Redemption Date falls after a Regular Record Date but on or prior to the immediately succeeding Interest
Payment Date, in which case interest accrued to the Interest Payment Date will be paid to Holders of record of such Notes as of the close
of business on such Regular Record Date, and the Redemption Price will be equal to 100% of the principal amount of such Notes).

Reference Property shall have the meaning specified
in Section 14.07(a).

Regular Record Date, with respect to any Interest Payment
Date, means the March 1 or September 1 (whether or not such day is a Business Day) immediately preceding the applicable March 15 or September
15 Interest Payment Date, respectively.

Reporting Event of Default shall have the meaning specified
in Section 6.03.

Resale Restriction Termination Date shall have the
meaning specified in Section 2.05(c).

Responsible Officer means, when used with respect to
the Trustee, any officer within the corporate trust department of the Trustee, including any vice president, assistant vice president,
assistant secretary, assistant treasurer, trust officer or any other officer of the Trustee who customarily performs functions similar
to those performed by the Persons who at the time shall be such officers, respectively having direct responsibility for the administration
of this Indenture, or to whom any corporate trust matter is referred because of such person's knowledge of and familiarity with the particular
subject.

Restricted Securities shall have the meaning specified
in Section 2.05(c).

Rule 144 means Rule 144 as promulgated under the Securities
Act.

Rule 144A means Rule 144A as promulgated under the
Securities Act.

Scheduled Trading Day means a day that is scheduled
to be a Trading Day on the principal U.S. national or regional securities exchange or market on which the Common Stock is listed or admitted
for trading. If the Common Stock is not so listed or admitted for trading, Scheduled Trading Day means a Business
Day.

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Settlement Amount has the meaning specified in Section
14.02(a).

Settlement Notice has the meaning specified in Section
14.02(a)(i).

11 

Significant Subsidiary means a Subsidiary of the Company
that meets the definition of significant subsidiary in Article 1, Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X promulgated by the Commission.

Spin-Off shall have the meaning specified in Section
14.04(c).

Stock Price shall have the meaning specified in Section
14.03(c).

Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, any corporation,
association, partnership or other business entity of which more than 50% of the total voting power of shares of Capital Stock or other
interests (including partnership interests) entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of
directors, managers, general partners or trustees thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by (i) such Person;
(ii) such Person and one or more Subsidiaries of such Person; or (iii) one or more Subsidiaries of such Person.

Successor Company shall have the meaning specified
in Section 11.01(a).

Trading Day means, except for determining amounts due
upon conversion, a day on which (i) trading in the Common Stock (or other security for which a closing sale price must be determined)
generally occurs on The New York Stock Exchange or, if the Common Stock (or such other security) is not then listed on The New York Stock
Exchange, on the principal other U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which the Common Stock (or such other security) is then
listed or, if the Common Stock (or such other security) is not then listed on a U.S. national or regional securities exchange, on the
principal other market on which the Common Stock (or such other security) is then traded and (ii) a Last Reported Sale Price for the Common
Stock (or closing sale price for such other security) is available on such securities exchange or market; provided that if the
Common Stock (or such other security) is not so listed or traded, Trading Day means a Business Day; and provided,
further, that for purposes of determining amounts due upon conversion only, Trading Day means a day on which
(x) there is no Market Disruption Event and (y) trading in the Common Stock generally occurs on The New York Stock Exchange or, if the
Common Stock is not then listed on The New York Stock Exchange, on the principal other U.S. national or regional securities exchange on
which the Common Stock is then listed or, if the Common Stock is not then listed on a U.S. national or regional securities exchange, on
the principal other market on which the Common Stock is then listed or admitted for trading, except that if the Common Stock is not so
listed or admitted for trading, Trading Day means a Business Day.

Trading Price of the Notes on any date of determination
means the average of the secondary market bid quotations obtained by the Bid Solicitation Agent for $5,000,000 in aggregate principal
amount of Notes at approximately 3:30 p.m., New York City time, on such determination date from three independent nationally recognized
securities dealers the Company selects for this purpose; provided that if three such bids cannot reasonably be obtained by the
Bid Solicitation Agent but two such bids are obtained, then the average of the two bids shall be used, and if only one such bid can reasonably
be obtained by the Bid Solicitation Agent, that one bid shall be used. If the Bid Solicitation Agent cannot reasonably obtain at least
one bid for $5,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of Notes from a nationally recognized securities dealer on any determination date,
then the Trading Price per $1,000 in principal amount of Notes on such determination date shall be deemed to be less than 98% of the product
of the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock and the Conversion Rate.

12 

Trading Price Condition shall have the meaning specified
in Section 14.01(b)(i).

transfer shall have the meaning specified in Section
2.05(c).

Trigger Event shall have the meaning specified in Section
14.04(c).

Trust Indenture Act means the Trust Indenture Act of
1939, as amended, as it was in force at the date of execution of this Indenture; provided, however, that in the event the
Trust Indenture Act of 1939 is amended after the date hereof, the term Trust Indenture Act shall mean, to the extent required
by such amendment, the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as so amended.

Trustee means the Person named as the Trustee
in the first paragraph of this Indenture until a successor trustee shall have become such pursuant to the applicable provisions of this
Indenture, and thereafter Trustee shall mean or include each Person who is then a Trustee hereunder.

unit of Reference Property shall have the meaning specified
in Section 14.07(a).

Valuation Period shall have the meaning specified in
Section 14.04(c).

Wholly Owned Subsidiary means, with respect to any
Person, any Subsidiary of such Person, except that, solely for purposes of this definition, the reference to more than 50%
in the definition of Subsidiary shall be deemed replaced by a reference to 100%.

Section 1.02. References to Interest. Unless the context otherwise
requires, any reference to interest on, or in respect of, any Note in this Indenture shall be deemed to include Additional Interest if,
in such context, Additional Interest is, was or would be payable pursuant to any of Section 4.06(d), Section 4.06(e) and Section 6.03.
Unless the context otherwise requires, any express mention of Additional Interest in any provision hereof shall not be construed as excluding
Additional Interest in those provisions hereof where such express mention is not made.

Article
2

Issue, Description, Execution, Registration and Exchange of Notes

Section 2.01. Designation and Amount. The Notes shall be designated
as the 1.875% Convertible Senior Notes due 2030. The aggregate principal amount of Notes that may be authenticated and delivered
under this Indenture is initially limited to $1,000,000,000, subject to Section 2.10 and except for Notes authenticated and delivered
upon registration or transfer of, or in exchange for, or in lieu of other Notes to the extent expressly permitted hereunder.

13 

Section 2.02. Form of Notes. The Notes and the Trustees certificate
of authentication to be borne by such Notes shall be substantially in the respective forms set forth in Exhibit A, the terms and provisions
of which shall constitute, and are hereby expressly incorporated in and made a part of this Indenture. To the extent applicable, the Company
and the Trustee, by their execution and delivery of this Indenture, expressly agree to such terms and provisions and to be bound thereby.
In the case of any conflict between this Indenture and a Note, the provisions of this Indenture shall control and govern to the extent
of such conflict.

Any Global Note may be endorsed with or have incorporated in the text thereof
such legends or recitals or changes not inconsistent with the provisions of this Indenture as may be required by the Custodian or the
Depositary, or as may be required to comply with any applicable law or any regulation thereunder or with the rules and regulations of
any securities exchange or automated quotation system upon which the Notes may be listed or traded or designated for issuance or to conform
with any usage with respect thereto, or to indicate any special limitations or restrictions to which any particular Notes are subject.

Any of the Notes may have such letters, numbers or other marks of identification
and such notations, legends or endorsements as the Officer executing the same may approve (execution thereof to be conclusive evidence
of such approval) and as are not inconsistent with the provisions of this Indenture, or as may be required to comply with any law or with
any rule or regulation made pursuant thereto or with any rule or regulation of any securities exchange or automated quotation system on
which the Notes may be listed or designated for issuance, or to conform to usage or to indicate any special limitations or restrictions
to which any particular Notes are subject.

Each Global Note shall represent such principal amount of the outstanding
Notes as shall be specified therein and shall provide that it shall represent the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes from
time to time endorsed thereon and that the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes represented thereby may from time to time be
increased or reduced to reflect redemptions, repurchases, cancellations, conversions, transfers or exchanges permitted hereby. Any endorsement
of a Global Note to reflect the amount of any increase or decrease in the amount of outstanding Notes represented thereby shall be made
by the Trustee or the Custodian, at the direction of the Trustee, in such manner and upon instructions given by the Holder of such Notes
in accordance with this Indenture. Payment of principal (including the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if
applicable) of, and accrued and unpaid interest on, a Global Note shall be made to the Holder of such Note on the date of payment, unless
a record date or other means of determining Holders eligible to receive payment is provided for herein.

Section 2.03. Date and Denomination of Notes; Payments of Interest and
Defaulted Amounts. (a) The Notes shall be issuable in registered form without interest coupons in denominations of $1,000 in principal
amount and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. Each Note shall be dated the date of its authentication and shall bear interest
from the date specified on the face of such Note. Accrued interest on the Notes shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year composed
of twelve 30-day months and, for partial months, on the basis of the number of days actually elapsed in a 30-day month.

14 

(b)The Person in whose name any Note (or its Predecessor Note) is registered on the Note Register at the close of business on any
Regular Record Date with respect to any Interest Payment Date shall be entitled to receive the interest payable on such Interest Payment
Date. The principal amount of any Note (x) in the case of any Physical Note, shall be payable at the corporate trust office or agency
of the Company maintained by the Company for such purposes in the continental United States, which shall initially be the Corporate Trust
Office and (y) in the case of any Global Note, shall be payable by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account of the
Depositary or its nominee. The Company shall pay interest (i) on any Physical Notes (A) to Holders holding Physical Notes having an aggregate
principal amount of $5,000,000 or less, by check mailed to the Holders of these Notes at their addresses as they appear in the Note Register
and (B) to Holders holding Physical Notes having an aggregate principal amount of more than $5,000,000, either by check mailed to such
a Holder or, upon written application by such a Holder to the Note Registrar not later than the relevant Regular Record Date, by wire
transfer in immediately available funds to that Holders account within the United States if such Holder has provided the Company,
the Trustee or the Paying Agent with the requisite information necessary to make such wire transfer, which application shall remain in
effect until the Holder notifies, in writing, the Note Registrar to the contrary or (ii) on any Global Note by wire transfer of immediately
available funds to the account of the Depositary or its nominee.

(c)Any Defaulted Amounts shall forthwith cease to be payable to the Holder on the relevant payment date but shall accrue interest
per annum at the rate borne by the Notes, subject to the enforceability thereof under applicable law, from, and including, such relevant
payment date, and such Defaulted Amounts together with such interest thereon shall be paid by the Company, at its election in each case,
as provided in clause (i) or (ii) below:

(i)The Company may elect to make payment of any Defaulted Amounts to the Persons in whose names the Notes (or their respective Predecessor
Notes) are registered at the close of business on a special record date for the payment of such Defaulted Amounts, which shall be fixed
in the following manner. The Company shall notify the Trustee in writing of the amount of the Defaulted Amounts proposed to be paid on
each Note and the date of the proposed payment (which shall be not less than 25 days after the receipt by the Trustee of such notice,
unless the Trustee shall consent to an earlier date), and at the same time the Company shall deposit with the Trustee an amount of money
equal to the aggregate amount to be paid in respect of such Defaulted Amounts or shall make arrangements satisfactory to the Trustee for
such deposit on or prior to the date of the proposed payment, such money when deposited to be held in trust for the benefit of the Persons
entitled to such Defaulted Amounts as in this clause (i) provided. Thereupon the Company shall fix a special record date for the payment
of such Defaulted Amounts which shall be not more than 15 days and not less than 10 days prior to the date of the proposed payment, and
not less than 10 days after the receipt by the Trustee of the notice of the proposed payment. The Company shall promptly notify the Trustee
in writing of such special record date and the Trustee, in the name and at the expense of the Company, shall cause notice of the proposed
payment of such Defaulted Amounts and the special record date therefor to be delivered to each Holder not less than 10 days prior to such
special record date (provided that the Trustee has received such notice at least 10 days prior to such special record date). Notice
of the proposed payment of such Defaulted Amounts and the special record date therefor having been so delivered, such Defaulted Amounts
shall be paid to the Persons in whose names the Notes (or their respective Predecessor Notes) are registered at the close of business
on such special record date and shall no longer be payable pursuant to the following clause (ii) of this Section 2.03(c).

15 

(ii)The Company may make payment of any Defaulted Amounts in any other lawful manner not inconsistent with the requirements of any
securities exchange or automated quotation system on which the Notes may be listed or designated for issuance, and upon such notice as
may be required by such exchange or automated quotation system, if, after written notice given by the Company to the Trustee of the proposed
payment pursuant to this clause (ii), such manner of payment shall be deemed practicable by the Trustee.

Section 2.04. Execution, Authentication and Delivery of Notes. The
Notes shall be signed in the name and on behalf of the Company by the manual or electronic signature of the President and Chief Executive
Officer, the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, or the Vice President, Treasurer and Corporate Controller, in each
case, of the Company.

At any time and from time to time after the execution and delivery of this
Indenture, the Company may deliver Notes executed by the Company to the Trustee for authentication, together with a Company Order for
the authentication and delivery of such Notes, and the Trustee in accordance with such Company Order shall authenticate and deliver such
Notes, without any further action by the Company hereunder; provided that the Trustee shall be entitled to receive an Officers
Certificate and Opinion of Counsel of the Company with respect to the issuance, authentication and delivery of such Notes.

Only such Notes as shall bear thereon a certificate of authentication substantially
in the form set forth on the Form of Note attached as Exhibit A hereto, executed manually or electronically by an authorized officer of
the Trustee (or an authenticating agent appointed by the Trustee as provided by Section 17.10), shall be entitled to the benefits of this
Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose. Such certificate by the Trustee (or such an authenticating agent) upon any Note executed
by the Company shall be conclusive evidence that the Note so authenticated has been duly authenticated and delivered hereunder and that
the Holder is entitled to the benefits of this Indenture.

In case any Officer of the Company who shall have signed any of the Notes
shall cease to be such Officer before the Notes so signed shall have been authenticated and delivered by the Trustee, or disposed of by
the Company, such Notes nevertheless may be authenticated and delivered or disposed of as though the person who signed such Notes had
not ceased to be such Officer of the Company; and any Note may be signed on behalf of the Company by such persons as, at the actual date
of the execution of such Note, shall be the Officers of the Company, although at the date of the execution of this Indenture any such
person was not such an Officer.

16 

Section 2.05. Exchange and Registration of Transfer of Notes; Restrictions
on Transfer; Depositary. (a) The Company shall cause to be kept at the Corporate Trust Office a register (the register maintained
in such office or in any other office or agency of the Company designated pursuant to Section 4.02, the Note Register)
in which, subject to such reasonable regulations as it may prescribe, the Company shall provide for the registration of Notes and of transfers
of Notes. Such register shall be in written form or in any form capable of being converted into written form within a reasonable period
of time. The Trustee is hereby initially appointed the Note Registrar for the purpose of registering Notes and transfers
of Notes as herein provided. The Company may appoint one or more co-Note Registrars in accordance with Section 4.02.

Upon surrender for registration of transfer of any Note to the Note Registrar
or any co-Note Registrar, and satisfaction of the requirements for such transfer set forth in this Section 2.05, the Company shall execute,
and, upon receipt of a Company Order, the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, in the name of the designated transferee or transferees,
one or more new Notes of any authorized denominations and of a like aggregate principal amount and bearing such restrictive legends as
may be required by this Indenture.

Notes may be exchanged for other Notes of any authorized denominations and
of a like aggregate principal amount, upon surrender of the Notes to be exchanged at any such office or agency maintained by the Company
pursuant to Section 4.02. Whenever any Notes are so surrendered for exchange, the Company shall execute, and, upon receipt of a Company
Order, the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, the Notes that the Holder making the exchange is entitled to receive, bearing registration
numbers not contemporaneously outstanding.

All Notes presented or surrendered for registration of transfer or for exchange,
repurchase, redemption or conversion shall (if so required by the Company, the Trustee, the Note Registrar or any co-Note Registrar) be
duly endorsed, or be accompanied by a written instrument or instruments of transfer in form satisfactory to the Note Registrar and/or
the Company and duly executed, by the Holder thereof or its attorney-in-fact duly authorized in writing.

No service charge shall be imposed by the Company, the Trustee, the Note
Registrar, any co-Note Registrar or the Paying Agent for any exchange or registration of transfer of Notes, but the Company, the Trustee
or the Note Registrar may require a Holder to pay a sum sufficient to cover any documentary, stamp or similar issue or transfer tax required
in connection therewith as a result of the name of the Holder of new Notes issued upon such exchange or registration of transfer being
different from the name of the Holder of the old Notes surrendered for exchange or registration of transfer.

17 

None of the Company, the Trustee, the Note Registrar or any co-Note Registrar
shall be required to exchange or register a transfer of (i) any Notes surrendered for conversion or, if a portion of any Note is surrendered
for conversion, such portion thereof surrendered for conversion, (ii) any Notes, or a portion of any Note, surrendered for repurchase
(and not withdrawn) in accordance with Article 15 or (iii) any Notes selected for redemption in accordance with Article 16, except the
unredeemed portion of any Note being redeemed in part.

All Notes issued upon any registration of transfer or exchange of Notes
in accordance with this Indenture shall be the valid obligations of the Company, evidencing the same debt, and entitled to the same benefits
under this Indenture as the Notes surrendered upon such registration of transfer or exchange.

(b)So long as the Notes are eligible for book-entry settlement with the Depositary, unless otherwise required by law, subject to the
fifth paragraph from the end of Section 2.05(c) all Notes shall be represented by one or more Notes in global form (each, a Global
Note) registered in the name of the Depositary or the nominee of the Depositary. Each Global Note shall bear the legend required
on a Global Note set forth in Exhibit A hereto. The transfer and exchange of beneficial interests in a Global Note that does not involve
the issuance of a Physical Note shall be effected through the Depositary (but not the Trustee or the Custodian) in accordance with this
Indenture (including the restrictions on transfer set forth herein) and the procedures of the Depositary therefor.

(c)Every Note that bears or is required under this Section 2.05(c) to bear the legend set forth in this Section 2.05(c) (together
with any Common Stock issued upon conversion of the Notes that is required to bear the legend set forth in Section 2.05(d), collectively,
the Restricted Securities) shall be subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Section 2.05(c) (including
those contained in the legend set forth below), unless such restrictions on transfer shall be eliminated or otherwise waived by written
consent of the Company, and the Holder of each such Restricted Security, by such Holders acceptance thereof, agrees to be bound
by all such restrictions on transfer. As used in this Section 2.05(c) and Section 2.05(d), the term transfer encompasses
any sale, pledge, transfer or other disposition whatsoever of any Restricted Security.

Until the date (the Resale Restriction Termination Date)
that is the later of (1) the date that is one year after the last date of original issuance of the Notes, or such shorter period of time
as permitted by Rule 144 or any successor provision thereto, and (2) such later date, if any, as may be required by applicable law, any
certificate evidencing such Note (and all securities issued in exchange therefor or substitution thereof, other than Common Stock, if
any, issued upon conversion thereof, which shall bear the legend set forth in Section 2.05(d), if applicable) shall bear a legend in substantially
the following form (unless such Notes have been transferred pursuant to a registration statement that has become or been declared effective
under the Securities Act and that continues to be effective at the time of such transfer, or sold pursuant to the exemption from registration
provided by Rule 144 or any similar provision then in force under the Securities Act, or unless otherwise agreed by the Company in writing,
with written notice thereof to the Trustee):

18 

THIS SECURITY AND THE COMMON STOCK, IF ANY, ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION OF
THIS SECURITY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND MAY
NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF OR
OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN, THE ACQUIRER:

(1)REPRESENTS THAT IT AND ANY ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT IS ACTING IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (WITHIN THE MEANING
OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) AND THAT IT EXERCISES SOLE INVESTMENT DISCRETION WITH RESPECT TO EACH SUCH ACCOUNT, AND

(2) AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT
OF integer holdings corporation (THE COMPANY) THAT IT WILL NOT OFFER,
SELL, PLEDGE OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS SECURITY OR ANY BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN PRIOR TO THE DATE THAT IS THE LATER OF (X) ONE YEAR
AFTER THE LAST ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE HEREOF OR SUCH SHORTER PERIOD OF TIME AS PERMITTED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY SUCCESSOR
PROVISION THERETO AND (Y) SUCH LATER DATE, IF ANY, AS MAY BE REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EXCEPT:

(A)TO THE COMPANY OR ANY SUBSIDIARY THEREOF, OR

(B)PURSUANT TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT THAT HAS BECOME EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR

(C)TO A PERSON REASONABLY BELIEVED TO BE A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR

(D)PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY OTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM
THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT.

PRIOR TO THE REGISTRATION OF ANY TRANSFER IN ACCORDANCE WITH CLAUSE (2)(D)
ABOVE, THE COMPANY AND THE TRUSTEE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF SUCH LEGAL OPINIONS, CERTIFICATIONS OR OTHER EVIDENCE
AS MAY REASONABLY BE REQUIRED IN ORDER TO DETERMINE THAT THE PROPOSED TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT AND
APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. NO REPRESENTATION IS MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF ANY EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT.

19 

No transfer of any Note prior to the Resale Restriction Termination Date
will be registered by the Note Registrar unless the applicable box on the Form of Assignment and Transfer has been checked.

Any Note (or security issued in exchange or substitution therefor) (i) as
to which such restrictions on transfer shall have expired in accordance with their terms, (ii) that has been transferred pursuant to a
registration statement that has become effective or been declared effective under the Securities Act and that continues to be effective
at the time of such transfer or (iii) that has been sold pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 or any similar
provision then in force under the Securities Act, may, upon surrender of such Note for exchange to the Note Registrar in accordance with
the provisions of this Section 2.05, be exchanged for a new Note or Notes, of like tenor and aggregate principal amount, which shall not
bear the restrictive legend required by this Section 2.05(c) and shall not be assigned a restricted CUSIP number. The Company shall be
entitled to instruct the Custodian in writing to so surrender any Global Note as to which any of the conditions set forth in clause (i)
through (iii) of the immediately preceding sentence have been satisfied, and, upon such instruction, the Custodian shall so surrender
such Global Note for exchange; and any new Global Note so exchanged therefor shall not bear the restrictive legend specified in this Section
2.05(c) and shall not be assigned a restricted CUSIP number. The Company shall promptly notify the Trustee in writing upon the occurrence
of the Resale Restriction Termination Date and promptly after a registration statement, if any, with respect to the Notes or any Common
Stock issued upon conversion of the Notes has been declared effective under the Securities Act.

Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Indenture (other than the provisions
set forth in this Section 2.05(c)), a Global Note may not be transferred as a whole or in part except (i) by the Depositary to a nominee
of the Depositary or by a nominee of the Depositary to the Depositary or another nominee of the Depositary or by the Depositary or any
such nominee to a successor Depositary or a nominee of such successor Depositary and (ii) for exchange of a Global Note or a portion thereof
for one or more Physical Notes in accordance with the second immediately succeeding paragraph.

The Depositary shall be a clearing agency registered under the Exchange
Act. The Company initially appoints The Depository Trust Company to act as Depositary with respect to each Global Note. Initially, each
Global Note shall be issued to the Depositary, registered in the name of Cede & Co., as the nominee of the Depositary, and deposited
with the Trustee as Custodian for Cede & Co.

If (i) the Depositary notifies the Company at any time that the Depositary
is unwilling or unable to continue as depositary for the Global Notes and a successor depositary is not appointed within 90 days, (ii)
the Depositary ceases to be registered as a clearing agency under the Exchange Act and a successor depositary is not appointed within
90 days or (iii) an Event of Default with respect to the Notes has occurred and is continuing and a beneficial owner of any Note requests
that its beneficial interest therein be issued as a Physical Note, the Company shall execute, and the Trustee, upon receipt of an Officers
Certificate and a Company Order for the authentication and delivery of Notes, shall authenticate and deliver (x) in the case of clause
(iii), a Physical Note to such beneficial owner in a principal amount equal to the principal amount of such Note corresponding to such
beneficial owners beneficial interest and (y) in the case of clause (i) or (ii), Physical Notes to each beneficial owner of the
related Global Notes (or a portion thereof) in an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate principal amount of such Global Notes
in exchange for such Global Notes, and upon delivery of the Global Notes to the Trustee such Global Notes shall be canceled.

20 

Physical Notes issued in exchange for all or a part of the Global Note pursuant
to this Section 2.05(c) shall be registered in such names and in such authorized denominations as the Depositary, pursuant to instructions
from its direct or indirect participants or otherwise, or, in the case of clause (iii) of the immediately preceding paragraph, the relevant
beneficial owner, shall instruct the Trustee in writing. Upon execution and authentication, the Trustee shall deliver such Physical Notes
to the Persons in whose names such Physical Notes are so registered.

At such time as all interests in a Global Note have been converted, canceled,
repurchased, redeemed or transferred, such Global Note shall be, upon receipt thereof, canceled by the Trustee in accordance with standing
procedures and existing instructions between the Depositary and the Custodian. At any time prior to such cancellation, if any interest
in a Global Note is exchanged for Physical Notes, converted, canceled, repurchased, redeemed or transferred to a transferee who receives
Physical Notes therefor or any Physical Note is exchanged or transferred for part of such Global Note, the principal amount of such Global
Note shall, in accordance with the standing procedures and instructions existing between the Depositary and the Custodian, be appropriately
reduced or increased, as the case may be, and an endorsement shall be made on such Global Note, by the Trustee or the Custodian, at the
direction of the Trustee, to reflect such reduction or increase.

None of the Company, the Trustee or any agent of the Company or the Trustee
shall have any responsibility or liability to any beneficial owner of a Global Note, a member of, or a participant in, the Depositary
or other Person for any aspect of the records relating to or payments or delivery of any securities or property to be made on account
of beneficial ownership interests of a Global Note or maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership
interests.

Neither the Trustee nor any agent shall have any responsibility or liability
for any actions taken or not taken by the Depositary. None of the Trustee or any agent shall have any responsibility or obligation to
any beneficial owner of an interest in a Global Note, a member of, or a participant in, the Depositary or other Person with respect to
the accuracy of the records of the Depositary or its nominee or of any participant member thereof, with respect to any ownership interest
in the Notes or with respect to the delivery to any participant, member, beneficial owner or other person (other than the Depositary)
of any notice or the payment of any amount or delivery of any Notes (or other security or property) under or with respect to such Notes.
All notices and communications to be given to the Holders and all payments to be made to Holders in respect of the Notes shall be given
or made only to or upon the order of the registered Holders (which shall be the Depositary or its nominee in the case of a Global Note).
The rights of beneficial owners in any Global Note shall be exercised only through the Depositary and the applicable rules and procedures
of the Depositary. The Trustee and each agent may rely and shall be fully protected in relying upon information furnished by the Depositary
with respect to its members, participants and any beneficial owners.

21 

(d)Until the Resale Restriction Termination Date, any stock certificate representing Common Stock issued upon conversion of a Note
shall bear a legend in substantially the following form (unless such Common Stock has been transferred pursuant to a registration statement
that has become or been declared effective under the Securities Act and that continues to be effective at the time of such transfer, or
pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 or any similar provision then in force under the Securities Act, or such
Common Stock has been issued upon conversion of a Note that has been transferred pursuant to a registration statement that has become
or been declared effective under the Securities Act and that continues to be effective at the time of such transfer, or pursuant to the
exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 or any similar provision then in force under the Securities Act, or unless otherwise
agreed by the Company with written notice thereof to the Trustee and any transfer agent for the Common Stock):

THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933,
AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE
WITH THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN, THE ACQUIRER:

(1)REPRESENTS THAT IT AND ANY ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT IS ACTING IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (WITHIN THE MEANING
OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) AND THAT IT EXERCISES SOLE INVESTMENT DISCRETION WITH RESPECT TO EACH SUCH ACCOUNT, AND

(2)AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF integer holdings corporation (THE COMPANY)
THAT IT WILL NOT OFFER, SELL, PLEDGE OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS SECURITY OR ANY BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN PRIOR TO THE DATE THAT IS THE
LATER OF (X) ONE YEAR AFTER THE LAST ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE OF THE SERIES OF NOTES UPON THE CONVERSION OF WHICH THIS SECURITY WAS ISSUED
OR SUCH SHORTER PERIOD OF TIME AS PERMITTED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY SUCCESSOR PROVISION THERETO AND (Y) SUCH LATER
DATE, IF ANY, AS MAY BE REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EXCEPT:

(A)TO THE COMPANY OR ANY SUBSIDIARY THEREOF, OR

(B)PURSUANT TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT THAT HAS BECOME EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR

22 

(C)TO A PERSON REASONABLY BELIEVED TO BE A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR

(D)PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY OTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM
THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT.

PRIOR TO THE REGISTRATION OF ANY TRANSFER IN ACCORDANCE WITH CLAUSE (2)(D)
ABOVE, THE COMPANY AND THE TRANSFER AGENT FOR THE COMPANYS COMMON STOCK RESERVE THE RIGHT TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF SUCH LEGAL
OPINIONS, CERTIFICATIONS OR OTHER EVIDENCE AS MAY REASONABLY BE REQUIRED IN ORDER TO DETERMINE THAT THE PROPOSED TRANSFER IS BEING MADE
IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. NO REPRESENTATION IS MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF ANY EXEMPTION
FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT.

Any such Common Stock (i) as to which such restrictions on transfer shall
have expired in accordance with their terms, (ii) that has been transferred pursuant to a registration statement that has become or been
declared effective under the Securities Act and that continues to be effective at the time of such transfer or (iii) that has been sold
pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 or any similar provision then in force under the Securities Act, may,
upon surrender of the certificates representing such shares of Common Stock for exchange in accordance with the procedures of the transfer
agent for the Common Stock, be exchanged for a new certificate or certificates for a like aggregate number of shares of Common Stock,
which shall not bear the restrictive legend required by this Section 2.05(d).

(e)Any Note or Common Stock issued upon the conversion or exchange of a Note that is repurchased or owned by the Company or any Affiliate
of the Company (or any Person who was an Affiliate of the Company at any time during the three months immediately preceding) may not be
resold by the Company or such Affiliate (or such Person, as the case may be) unless registered under the Securities Act or resold pursuant
to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act in a transaction that results in such Note or Common Stock, as
the case may be, no longer being a restricted security (as defined under Rule 144). Any Notes resold, in accordance with
this Section 2.05(e), by the Company or any Affiliate of the Company (or any Person who was an Affiliate of the Company at any time during
the three months immediately preceding) shall have one or more separate CUSIP numbers if any such Notes are not fungible with the Notes
initially issued hereunder for U.S. federal income tax or securities law purposes.

23 

(f)Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, neither the Trustee nor the Note Registrar shall be responsible for
ascertaining whether any transfer complies with the registration provisions of, or exemptions from, the Securities Act, applicable state
securities laws or other applicable law or have any obligation or duty to monitor, determine or inquire as to compliance with any restrictions
on transfer imposed under this Indenture with respect to any transfer of any interest in any Note (including any transfers between or
among Depositary participants or beneficial owners of interests in any Global Note) other than to require delivery of such certificates
and other documentation or evidence as are expressly required by, and to do so if and when expressly required by the terms of, this Indenture,
and to examine the same to determine substantial compliance as to form with the express requirements hereof.

Section 2.06. Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Notes. In case
any Note shall become mutilated or be destroyed, lost or stolen, the Company in its discretion may execute, and upon its receipt of a
Company Order, the Trustee or an authenticating agent appointed by the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, a new Note, bearing a registration
number not contemporaneously outstanding, in exchange and substitution for the mutilated Note, or in lieu of and in substitution for the
Note so destroyed, lost or stolen. In every case the applicant for a substituted Note shall furnish to the Company, to the Trustee and,
if applicable, to such authenticating agent such security and/or indemnity as may be required by them to save each of them harmless from
any loss, liability, cost or expense caused by or connected with such substitution, and, in every case of destruction, loss or theft,
the applicant shall also furnish to the Company, to the Trustee and, if applicable, to such authenticating agent evidence to their satisfaction
of the destruction, loss or theft of such Note and of the ownership thereof.

The Trustee or such authenticating agent may authenticate any such substituted
Note and deliver the same upon the receipt of a Company Order and of such security and/or indemnity as the Trustee, the Company and, if
applicable, such authenticating agent may require. No service charge shall be imposed by the Company, the Trustee, the Note Registrar,
any co-Note Registrar or the Paying Agent upon the issuance of any substitute Note, but the Company, the Trustee, the Note Registrar,
any co-Note Registrar or the Paying Agent may require a Holder to pay a sum sufficient to cover any documentary, stamp or similar issue
or transfer tax required in connection therewith as a result of the name of the Holder of the new substitute Note being different from
the name of the Holder of the old Note that became mutilated or was destroyed, lost or stolen. In case any Note that has matured or is
about to mature or has been surrendered for required repurchase or redemption or is about to be converted in accordance with Article 14
shall become mutilated or be destroyed, lost or stolen, the Company may, in its sole discretion, instead of issuing a substitute Note,
pay or authorize the payment of or convert or authorize the conversion of the same (without surrender thereof except in the case of a
mutilated Note), as the case may be, if the applicant for such payment or conversion shall furnish to the Company, to the Trustee and,
if applicable, to such authenticating agent such security and/or indemnity as may be required by them to save each of them harmless for
any loss, liability, cost or expense caused by or connected with such substitution, and, in every case of destruction, loss or theft,
evidence satisfactory to the Company, the Trustee and, if applicable, any Paying Agent or Conversion Agent evidence of their satisfaction
of the destruction, loss or theft of such Note and of the ownership thereof.

24 

Every substitute Note issued pursuant to the provisions of this Section
2.06 by virtue of the fact that any Note is destroyed, lost or stolen shall constitute an additional contractual obligation of the Company,
whether or not the destroyed, lost or stolen Note shall be found at any time, and shall be entitled to all the benefits of (but shall
be subject to all the limitations set forth in) this Indenture equally and proportionately with any and all other Notes duly issued hereunder.
To the extent permitted by law, all Notes shall be held and owned upon the express condition that the foregoing provisions are exclusive
with respect to the replacement, payment, redemption, conversion or repurchase of mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Notes and shall
preclude any and all other rights or remedies notwithstanding any law or statute existing or hereafter enacted to the contrary with respect
to the replacement, payment, redemption, conversion or repurchase of negotiable instruments or other securities without their surrender.

Section 2.07. Temporary Notes. Pending the preparation of Physical
Notes, the Company may execute and the Trustee or an authenticating agent appointed by the Trustee shall, upon its receipt of a Company
Order, authenticate and deliver temporary Notes (printed or lithographed). Temporary Notes shall be issuable in any authorized denomination,
and substantially in the form of the Physical Notes but with such omissions, insertions and variations as may be appropriate for temporary
Notes, all as may be determined by the Company. Every such temporary Note shall be executed by the Company and authenticated by the Trustee
or such authenticating agent upon the same conditions and in substantially the same manner, and with the same effect, as the Physical
Notes. Without unreasonable delay, the Company shall execute and deliver to the Trustee or such authenticating agent Physical Notes (other
than any Global Note) and thereupon any or all temporary Notes (other than any Global Note) may be surrendered in exchange therefor, at
each office or agency maintained by the Company pursuant to Section 4.02 and the Trustee or such authenticating agent shall, upon receipt
of a Company Order, authenticate and deliver in exchange for such temporary Notes an equal aggregate principal amount of Physical Notes.
Such exchange shall be made by the Company at its own expense and without any charge therefor. Until so exchanged, the temporary Notes
shall in all respects be entitled to the same benefits and subject to the same limitations under this Indenture as Physical Notes authenticated
and delivered hereunder.

Section 2.08. Cancellation of Notes Paid, Converted, Etc. The Company
may cause all Notes surrendered for the purpose of payment, repurchase, redemption, registration of transfer or exchange or conversion
(other than Notes exchanged pursuant to Section 14.12), if surrendered to any Person other than the Trustee (including any of the Companys
agents, Subsidiaries or Affiliates), to be surrendered to the Trustee for cancellation. All Notes so delivered to the Trustee shall be
canceled promptly by it. Except for any Notes surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange, or as otherwise expressly permitted
by any of the provisions of this Indenture, no Notes shall be authenticated in exchange for any Notes surrendered to the Trustee for cancellation.
The Trustee shall dispose of canceled Notes in accordance with its customary procedures and, after such cancellation, shall deliver a
certificate of such cancellation to the Company, at the Companys written request in a Company Order.

Section 2.09. CUSIP Numbers. The Company in issuing the Notes may
use CUSIP numbers (if then generally in use), and, if so, the Trustee shall use CUSIP numbers in all notices
issued to Holders as a convenience to such Holders; provided that the Trustee shall have no liability for any defect in the CUSIP
numbers as they appear on any Note, notice or elsewhere, and provided further that any such notice may state that no representation
is made as to the correctness of such numbers either as printed on the Notes or on such notice and that reliance may be placed only on
the other identification numbers printed on the Notes. The Company shall promptly notify the Trustee in writing of any change in the CUSIP
numbers.

25 

Section 2.10. Additional Notes; Repurchases. The Company may, from
time to time, without the consent of, or notice to, the Holders and notwithstanding Section 2.01, reopen this Indenture and issue additional
Notes of the same series hereunder with the same terms as the Notes initially issued hereunder in all respects (or in all respects other
than differences in the issue date, the issue price and, if applicable, the date of the first payment of interest, the date from which
interest will accrue, the CUSIP or other securities numbers and, to the extent necessary, differences related to certain temporary securities
laws restrictions) in an unlimited aggregate principal amount. Such additional Notes shall be consolidated and form a single series with
the Notes initially issued hereunder; provided that if any such additional Notes are not fungible with the Notes initially issued
hereunder for U.S. federal income tax or securities law purposes, such additional Notes shall have one or more separate CUSIP numbers.
Prior to the issuance of any such additional Notes, the Company shall deliver to the Trustee a Company Order, an Officers Certificate
and an Opinion of Counsel, such Officers Certificate and Opinion of Counsel to cover such matters, in addition to those required
by Section 17.05, as the Trustee shall reasonably request. In addition, the Company may, to the extent permitted by law, and directly
or indirectly (regardless of whether such Notes are surrendered to the Company), repurchase Notes in the open market or otherwise, whether
by the Company or its Subsidiaries or through a private or public tender or exchange offer or through counterparties to private agreements,
including by cash-settled swaps or other derivatives, in each case, without prior notice to the Holders of the Notes. The Company may
cause any Notes so repurchased (other than Notes repurchased pursuant to cash-settled swaps or other derivatives) to be surrendered to
the Trustee for cancellation in accordance with Section 2.08 and any Notes so surrendered and cancelled shall no longer be considered
outstanding under this Indenture upon their repurchase.

Article
3

Satisfaction and Discharge

Section 3.01. Satisfaction and Discharge. This Indenture shall upon
request of the Company contained in an Officers Certificate cease to be of further effect, and the Trustee, at the expense of the
Company and upon the Trustees receipt of a Company Order, shall execute proper instruments acknowledging satisfaction and discharge
of this Indenture, when (a) (i) all Notes theretofore authenticated and delivered (other than Notes which have been destroyed, lost or
stolen and which have been replaced, paid or converted as provided in Section 2.06) have been delivered to the Trustee for cancellation;
or (ii) the Company has deposited with the Trustee or delivered to Holders, as applicable, after the Notes have become due and payable,
whether on the Maturity Date, any Redemption Date, any Fundamental Change Repurchase Date, upon conversion or otherwise, cash or cash
and shares of Common Stock, if any (solely to satisfy the Companys Conversion Obligation, if applicable), sufficient to pay all
of the outstanding Notes and all other sums due and payable under this Indenture by the Company; and (b) the Company has delivered to
the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that all conditions precedent herein provided for relating
to the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture have been complied with. Notwithstanding the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture,
the obligations of the Company to the Trustee under Section 7.06 shall survive.

26 

Article
4

Particular Covenants of the Company

Section 4.01. Payment of Principal and Interest. The Company covenants
and agrees that it will cause to be paid the principal (including the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if
applicable) of, and accrued and unpaid interest on, each of the Notes at the places, at the respective times and in the manner provided
herein and in the Notes.

Section 4.02. Maintenance of Office or Agency. The Company will maintain
in the continental United States an office or agency where the Notes may be surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange or for
presentation for payment, redemption or repurchase (Paying Agent) or for conversion (Conversion Agent)
and where notices and demands to or upon the Company in respect of the Notes and this Indenture may be served. The Company will give prompt
written notice to the Trustee of the location, and any change in the location, of such office or agency. If at any time the Company shall
fail to maintain any such required office or agency or shall fail to furnish the Trustee with the address thereof, such presentations,
surrenders, notices and demands may be made or served at the Corporate Trust Office or the office or agency of the Trustee in the continental
United States.

The Company may also from time to time designate as co-Note Registrars one
or more other offices or agencies where the Notes may be presented or surrendered for any or all such purposes and may from time to time
rescind such designations; provided that no such designation or rescission shall in any manner relieve the Company of its obligation
to maintain an office or agency in the continental United States for such purposes. The Company will give prompt written notice to the
Trustee of any such designation or rescission and of any change in the location of any such other office or agency. The terms Paying
Agent and Conversion Agent include any such additional or other offices or agencies, as applicable.

The Company hereby initially designates the Trustee as the Paying Agent,
Note Registrar and Conversion Agent and the Corporate Trust Office as the office or agency in the continental United States where Notes
may be surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange or for presentation for payment, redemption or repurchase or for conversion
and where notices and demands to or upon the Company in respect of the Notes and this Indenture may be served; provided that the
Corporate Trust Office shall not be a place for service of legal process for the Company. The Company may, however, change the Paying
Agent, Note Registrar or the Conversion Agent without prior notice to the Holders of the Notes, and the Company may act as the Paying
Agent, Note Registrar or Conversion Agent.

In acting hereunder and in connection with the Notes, the Paying Agent,
Conversion Agent and Note Registrar shall act solely as an agent of the Company and the Custodian shall act solely as an agent of the
Depositary and will not assume any fiduciary duty or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the beneficial owners or Holder(s).

27 

Section 4.03. Appointments to Fill Vacancies in Trustees Office.
The Company, whenever necessary to avoid or fill a vacancy in the office of Trustee, will appoint, in the manner provided in Section 7.09,
a Trustee, so that there shall at all times be a Trustee hereunder.

Section 4.04. Provisions as to Paying Agent. (a) If the Company shall
appoint a Paying Agent other than the Trustee, the Company will cause such Paying Agent to execute and deliver to the Trustee an instrument
in which such agent shall agree with the Trustee, subject to the provisions of this Section 4.04:

(i)that it will hold all sums held by it as such agent for the payment of the principal (including the Redemption Price and the Fundamental
Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) of, and accrued and unpaid interest on, the Notes in trust for the benefit of the Holders of the
Notes;

(ii)that it will give the Trustee prompt notice of any failure by the Company to make any payment of the principal (including the Redemption
Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) of, and accrued and unpaid interest on, the Notes when the same shall
be due and payable; and

(iii)that at any time during the continuance of an Event of Default, upon request of the Trustee, it will forthwith pay to the Trustee
all sums so held in trust.

The Company shall, on or before each due date of the principal (including
the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) of, or accrued and unpaid interest on, the Notes, deposit
with the Paying Agent a sum sufficient to pay such principal (including the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price,
if applicable) or accrued and unpaid interest, and (unless such Paying Agent is the Trustee) the Company will promptly notify the Trustee
of any failure to take such action; provided that if such deposit is made on the due date, such deposit must be received by the
Paying Agent by 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on such date; provided that to the extent such deposit is received by the Paying
Agent after 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on any such due date, such deposit shall be deemed deposited on the next Business Day.

(b)If the Company shall act as its own Paying Agent, it will, on or before each due date of the principal (including the Redemption
Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) of, and accrued and unpaid interest on, the Notes, set aside, segregate
and hold in trust for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes a sum sufficient to pay such principal (including the Redemption Price and
the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) and accrued and unpaid interest so becoming due and will promptly notify the Trustee
in writing of any failure to take such action and of any failure by the Company to make any payment of the principal (including the Redemption
Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) of, or accrued and unpaid interest on, the Notes when the same shall
become due and payable.

28 

(c)Anything in this Section 4.04 to the contrary notwithstanding, the Company may, at any time, for the purpose of obtaining a satisfaction
and discharge of this Indenture, or for any other reason, pay, cause to be paid or deliver to the Trustee all sums or amounts held in
trust by the Company or any Paying Agent hereunder as required by this Section 4.04, such sums or amounts to be held by the Trustee upon
the trusts herein contained and upon such payment or delivery by the Company or any Paying Agent to the Trustee, the Company or such Paying
Agent shall be released from all further liability but only with respect to such sums or amounts.

(d)Subject to applicable escheatment laws, any money deposited with the Trustee, the Conversion Agent or any Paying Agent, or then
held by the Company, in trust for the payment of the principal (including the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price,
if applicable) of, accrued and unpaid interest on and the consideration due upon conversion of any Note and remaining unclaimed for two
years after such principal (including the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable), interest or consideration
due upon conversion has become due and payable shall be paid to the Company on request of the Company contained in an Officers
Certificate, or (if then held by the Company) shall be discharged from such trust and the Trustee, the Conversion Agent or such Paying
Agent, as applicable, shall have no further liability with respect to such funds; and the Holder of such Note shall thereafter, as an
unsecured general creditor, look only to the Company for payment thereof, and all liability of the Trustee, the Conversion Agent or such
Paying Agent with respect to such trust money, and all liability of the Company as trustee thereof, shall thereupon cease; provided,
however, that the Trustee or such Paying Agent, before being required to make any such repayment, may at the expense of the Company
cause to be published once, in a newspaper published in the English language, customarily published on each Business Day and of general
circulation in The Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, notice that such money remains unclaimed and that, after a date specified
therein, which shall not be less than 30 days from the date of such publication, any unclaimed balance of such money then remaining will
be repaid or delivered to the Company.

Section 4.05. Existence. Subject to Article 11, the Company shall
do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve and keep in full force and effect its corporate existence.

Section 4.06. Rule 144A Information Requirement and Annual Reports.
(a) At any time the Company is not subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the Company shall, so long as any of the Notes
or any shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Notes shall, at such time, constitute restricted securities
within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act, promptly provide to the Trustee and, upon written request, any Holder,
beneficial owner or prospective purchaser of such Notes or any shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of such Notes, the information
required to be delivered pursuant to Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act to facilitate the resale of such Notes or shares of Common
Stock pursuant to Rule 144A.

29 

(b)The Company shall file with the Trustee, within 15 days after the same are required to be filed with the Commission, copies of
any documents or reports that the Company is required to file with the Commission pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act
(giving effect to any grace period provided by Rule 12b-25 under the Exchange Act (or any successor rule) and excluding any such information,
documents or reports, or portions thereof, subject to confidential treatment and any correspondence with the Commission). Any such document
or report that the Company files with the Commission via the Commissions EDGAR system (or any successor system) shall be deemed
to be filed with the Trustee for purposes of this Section 4.06(b) at the time such documents are filed via the EDGAR system, it being
understood that the Trustee shall have no responsibility to determine if any documents have been filed. For the avoidance of doubt, any
failure to comply with this Section 4.06(b) will not constitute an Event of Default pursuant to Section 6.01(f) unless (i) the Company
has received written notice from the Trustee or the Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding
of such failure and (ii) the Company has not cured such failure during the 60 consecutive days after receipt of such notice.

(c)Delivery of the reports, information and documents described in subsection (b) above to the Trustee is for informational purposes
only, and the Trustees receipt of such reports, information and documents shall not constitute actual or constructive notice or
knowledge of any information contained therein or determinable from information contained therein, including the Companys or any
other Persons compliance with any of its covenants under this Indenture or the Notes (as to which the Trustee is entitled to conclusively
rely exclusively on Officers Certificates). The Trustee shall not be obligated to monitor or confirm, on a continuing basis or
otherwise, the Companys or any other Persons compliance with the covenants under this Indenture or with respect to any reports
or other documents filed under this Indenture.

(d)If, at any time during the six-month period beginning on, and including, the date that is six months after the last date of original
issuance of the Notes, the Company fails to timely file any document or report that it is required to file with the Commission pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as applicable (after giving effect to all applicable grace periods thereunder, including but
not limited to any grace period provided by Rule 12b-25 under the Exchange Act, and other than reports on Form 8-K), or the Notes are
not otherwise freely tradable pursuant to Rule 144 by Holders other than the Companys Affiliates or Holders that were the Companys
Affiliates at any time during the three months immediately preceding (as a result of restrictions pursuant to U.S. securities laws or
the terms of this Indenture or the Notes), the Company shall pay Additional Interest on the Notes. Such Additional Interest shall accrue
on the Notes at the rate of (i) 0.25% per annum of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding for each day during the first 90 days
of such period for which the Companys failure to file has occurred and is continuing or the Notes are not otherwise freely tradable
as described above by Holders other than the Companys Affiliates (or Holders that were the Companys Affiliates at any time
during the three months immediately preceding) and (ii) 0.50% per annum of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding for each day
after the first 90 days of such period for which the Companys failure to file has occurred and is continuing or the Notes are not
otherwise freely tradable as described above by Holders other than the Companys Affiliates (or Holders that were the Companys
Affiliates at any time during the three months immediately preceding). As used in this Section 4.06(d), documents or reports that the
Company is required to file with the Commission pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act does not include documents
or reports that the Company furnishes to the Commission pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act.

30 

(e)If, and for so long as, the restrictive legend on the Notes specified in Section 2.05(c) has not been removed, the Notes are assigned
a restricted CUSIP number or the Notes are not otherwise freely tradable pursuant to Rule 144 by Holders other than the Companys
Affiliates or Holders that were the Companys Affiliates at any time during the three months immediately preceding (without restrictions
pursuant to U.S. securities laws or the terms of this Indenture or the Notes) as of the 385th day after the last date of original issuance
of the Notes, the Company shall pay Additional Interest on the Notes at a rate equal to (i) 0.25% per annum of the principal amount of
the Notes outstanding for the first 90 days after such 385th day until the restrictive legend has been removed in accordance with Section
2.05(c), the Notes are assigned an unrestricted CUSIP number and the Notes are freely tradable as described above by Holders other than
the Companys Affiliates (or Holders that were the Companys Affiliates at any time during the three months immediately preceding)
and (ii) 0.50% per annum of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding after the first 90 days after such 385th day until the restrictive
legend on the Notes has been removed in accordance with Section 2.05(c), the Notes are assigned an unrestricted CUSIP number and the Notes
are freely tradable pursuant to Rule 144 by Holders other than the Companys Affiliates (or Holders that were the Companys
Affiliates at any time during the three months immediately preceding) without restrictions pursuant to U.S. securities laws or the terms
of this Indenture or the Notes; provided, however, that no Additional Interest shall accrue or be owed pursuant to this Section
4.06(e) until the fifth Business Day following written notification to the Company (with a copy to the Trustee) by any Holder or beneficial
owner of the Notes requesting that the Company comply with its obligations described in this Section 4.06(e) (which notice may be given
at any time after the 330th day after the last date of original issuance of the Notes), it being understood and agreed that in no event
shall Additional Interest accrue or be owed pursuant to this Section 4.06(e) for any period prior to the 385th day after the last date
of original issuance of the Notes.

(f)Additional Interest will be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date following accrual in the same manner as regular interest
on the Notes.

(g)The Additional Interest that is payable in accordance with Section 4.06(d) or Section 4.06(e) shall be in addition to, and not
in lieu of, any Additional Interest that may be payable as a result of the Companys election pursuant to Section 6.03; provided
that in no event shall Additional Interest payable as a result of the Companys failure to timely file any document or report that
the Company is required to file with the Commission pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as applicable (after giving effect
to all applicable grace periods thereunder, including but not limited to any grace period provided by Rule 12b-25 under the Exchange Act,
and other than reports on Form 8-K) as set forth in Section 4.06(d), together with any Additional Interest payable at the Companys
election pursuant to Section 6.03 for failure to comply with the Companys obligations as set forth in Section 4.06(b), accrue at
a rate in excess of 0.50% per annum pursuant to this Indenture, regardless of the number of events or circumstances giving rise to the
requirement to pay such Additional Interest.

31 

(h)If Additional Interest is payable by the Company pursuant to Section 4.06(d) or Section 4.06(e), the Company shall deliver to the
Trustee an Officers Certificate to that effect stating (i) the amount of such Additional Interest that is payable and (ii) the
date on which such Additional Interest is payable. Unless and until a Responsible Officer of the Trustee receives at the Corporate Trust
Office such a certificate, the Trustee may assume without inquiry that no such Additional Interest is payable. If the Company has paid
Additional Interest directly to the Persons entitled to it, the Company shall deliver to the Trustee an Officers Certificate setting
forth the particulars of such payment. The Trustee shall have no duty to verify the Companys determination of whether Additional
Interest is due or the Companys calculations as to the amount of Additional Interest.

Section 4.07. Stay, Extension and Usury Laws. The Company covenants
(to the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it shall not at any time insist upon, plead, or in any manner whatsoever claim or take
the benefit or advantage of, any stay, extension or usury law or other law that would prohibit or forgive the Company from paying all
or any portion of the principal of or interest on the Notes as contemplated herein, wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in
force, or that may affect the covenants or the performance of this Indenture; and the Company (to the extent it may lawfully do so) hereby
expressly waives all benefit or advantage of any such law, and covenants that it will not, by resort to any such law, hinder, delay or
impede the execution of any power herein granted to the Trustee, but will suffer and permit the execution of every such power as though
no such law had been enacted.

Section 4.08. Compliance Certificate; Statements as to Defaults.
The Company shall deliver to the Trustee within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Company (beginning with the fiscal year
ending on December 31, 2025) an Officers Certificate stating whether the signer thereof has knowledge of any Event of Default under
this Indenture and, if so, specifying each such Event of Default.

In addition, the Company shall deliver to the Trustee, within 30 days after
obtaining knowledge of the occurrence of any Event of Default or Default, an Officers Certificate setting forth the details of
such Event of Default or Default, its status and the action that the Company is taking or proposing to take in respect thereof; provided
that the Company is not required to deliver such notice if such Event of Default or Default has been cured.

Section 4.09. Further Instruments and Acts. Upon request of the Trustee,
the Paying Agent, the Conversion Agent or the Note Registrar, the Company will execute and deliver such further instruments and do such
further acts as may be reasonably necessary or proper to carry out more effectively the purposes of this Indenture.

Article
5

Lists of Holders and Reports by the Company and the Trustee

Section 5.01. Lists of Holders. The Company covenants and agrees
that it will furnish or cause to be furnished to the Trustee, semi-annually, not more than 15 days after each March 1 and September 1
in each year beginning with September 1, 2025, and at such other times as the Trustee may request in writing, within 30 days after receipt
by the Company of any such request (or such lesser time as the Trustee may reasonably request in order to enable it to timely provide
any notice to be provided by it hereunder), a list in such form as the Trustee may reasonably require of the names and addresses of the
Holders as of a date not more than 15 days (or such other date as the Trustee may reasonably request in order to so provide any such notices)
prior to the time such information is furnished, except that no such list need be furnished so long as the Trustee is acting as Note Registrar.

32 

Section 5.02. Preservation and Disclosure of Lists. The Trustee shall
preserve, in as current a form as is reasonably practicable, all information as to the names and addresses of the Holders contained in
the most recent list furnished to it as provided in Section 5.01 or maintained by the Trustee in its capacity as Note Registrar, if so
acting. The Trustee may destroy any list furnished to it as provided in Section 5.01 upon receipt of a new list so furnished.

Article
6

Defaults and Remedies

Section 6.01. Events of Default. Each of the following events shall
be an Event of Default with respect to the Notes:

(a)default in any payment of interest on any Note when due and payable, and the default continues for a period of 30 days;

(b)default in the payment of principal of any Note when due and payable on the Maturity Date, upon Optional Redemption, upon any required
repurchase, upon declaration of acceleration or otherwise;

(c)failure by the Company to comply with its obligation to convert the Notes in accordance with this Indenture upon exercise of a
Holders conversion right and such failure continues for five Business Days;

(d)failure by the Company to issue a Fundamental Change Company Notice in accordance with Section 15.02(c) or notice of a specified
corporate event in accordance with Section 14.01(b)(ii) or 14.01(b)(iii), in each case, when due;

(e)failure by the Company to comply with its obligations under Article 11;

(f)failure by the Company for 60 consecutive days after written notice from the Trustee or the Holders of at least 25% in aggregate
principal amount of the Notes then outstanding has been received by the Company to comply with any of its other agreements contained in
the Notes or this Indenture;

33 

(g)default by the Company or any Significant Subsidiary of the Company with respect to any mortgage, agreement or other instrument
under which there is outstanding, or by which there is secured or evidenced, any indebtedness for money borrowed in excess of $100,000,000
(or its foreign currency equivalent) in the aggregate of the Company and/or any such Significant Subsidiary, whether such indebtedness
exists as of the date of this Indenture or is thereafter created, where such default (i) results in such indebtedness becoming or being
declared due and payable prior to its stated maturity date or (ii) constitutes a failure to pay the principal or interest of any such
debt when due and payable (after the expiration of all applicable grace periods) at its stated maturity, upon required repurchase, upon
declaration of acceleration or otherwise, and in the cases of clauses (i) and (ii), such acceleration shall not have been rescinded or
annulled or such failure to pay or default shall not have been cured or waived, or such indebtedness is not paid or discharged, as the
case may be, within 30 days after written notice to the Company by the Trustee or to the Company and the Trustee by Holders of at least
25% in aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding in accordance with this Indenture;

(h)a final judgment or judgments for the payment of $100,000,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) or more (excluding any amounts
covered by insurance) in the aggregate rendered against the Company or any Significant Subsidiary of the Company, which judgment is not
discharged, bonded, paid, waived or stayed within 60 days after (i) the date on which the right to appeal thereof has expired if no such
appeal has commenced, or (ii) the date on which all rights to appeal have been extinguished;

(i)the Company or any Significant Subsidiary shall commence a voluntary case or other proceeding seeking liquidation, reorganization
or other relief with respect to the Company or such Significant Subsidiary or its respective debts under any bankruptcy, insolvency or
other similar law now or hereafter in effect or seeking the appointment of a trustee, receiver, liquidator, custodian or other similar
official of the Company or such Significant Subsidiary or any substantial part of its respective property, or shall consent to any such
relief or to the appointment of or taking possession by any such official in an involuntary case or other proceeding commenced against
it, or shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors or shall admit in writing its inability to pay its debts as they become
due; or

(j)an involuntary case or other proceeding shall be commenced against the Company or any Significant Subsidiary seeking liquidation,
reorganization or other relief with respect to the Company or such Significant Subsidiary or its respective debts under any bankruptcy,
insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect or seeking the appointment of a trustee, receiver, liquidator, custodian or
other similar official of the Company or such Significant Subsidiary or any substantial part of its respective property, and such involuntary
case or other proceeding shall remain undismissed and unstayed for a period of 60 consecutive days.

The Trustee shall not be deemed to have notice of any Default or Event of
Default (other than a payment Default) unless written notice of any event which is in fact such Default or Event of Default is received
by a Responsible Officer of the Trustee at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee and such notice references the Notes, the Company
and this Indenture.

Section 6.02. Acceleration; Rescission and Annulment. If one or more
Events of Default shall have occurred and be continuing (whatever the reason for such Event of Default and whether it shall be voluntary
or involuntary or be effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court or any order, rule or regulation
of any administrative or 

34 

governmental body), then, and in each and every such case (other than an Event of Default specified in Section
6.01(i) or Section 6.01(j) with respect to the Company or a Significant Subsidiary), unless the principal of all of the Notes shall have
already become due and payable, either the Trustee or the Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding
determined in accordance with Section 8.04, by notice in writing to the Company (and to the Trustee if given by Holders), may (and the
Trustee, at the written request of such Holders, shall) declare 100% of the principal of, and accrued and unpaid interest on, all the
Notes to be due and payable immediately, and upon any such declaration the same shall become and shall automatically be immediately due
and payable, anything contained in this Indenture or in the Notes to the contrary notwithstanding. If an Event of Default specified in
Section 6.01(i) or Section 6.01(j) with respect to the Company or a Significant Subsidiary occurs and is continuing, 100% of the principal
of, and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on, all Notes shall become and shall automatically be immediately due and payable.

The immediately preceding paragraph, however, is subject to the conditions
that if, at any time after the principal of the Notes shall have been so declared due and payable (or have become immediately due and
payable), and before any judgment or decree for the payment of the monies due shall have been obtained or entered as hereinafter provided,
the Company shall pay or shall deposit with the Trustee a sum sufficient to pay installments of accrued and unpaid interest upon all Notes
and the principal of any and all Notes that shall have become due otherwise than by acceleration (with interest on overdue installments
of accrued and unpaid interest to the extent that payment of such interest is enforceable under applicable law, and on such principal
at the rate borne by the Notes at such time) and amounts due to the Trustee pursuant to Section 7.06, and if (1) rescission would not
conflict with any judgment or decree of a court of competent jurisdiction, (2) any and all existing Events of Default under this Indenture,
other than the nonpayment of the principal of and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on Notes that shall have become due solely by such
acceleration, shall have been cured, remedied or waived pursuant to Section 6.09 and (3) the Company has paid to the Trustee a sum sufficient
to pay for all sums paid or advanced by the Trustee and the compensation and reasonable expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee,
its agents and its counsel incurred in connection with such Default or Event of Default, then and in every such case (except as provided
in the immediately succeeding sentence) the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding, by written
notice to the Company and to the Trustee, may waive all Defaults or Events of Default with respect to the Notes and rescind and annul
such declaration and its consequences and such Default shall cease to exist, and any Event of Default arising therefrom shall be deemed
to have been cured for every purpose of this Indenture; but no such waiver or rescission and annulment shall extend to or shall affect
any subsequent Default or Event of Default, or shall impair any right consequent thereon. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein,
no such waiver or rescission and annulment shall extend to or shall affect any Default or Event of Default resulting from (i) the nonpayment
of the principal (including the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) of, or accrued and unpaid
interest on, any Notes, (ii) a failure to repurchase any Notes when required, (iii) a failure to pay or deliver, as the case may be, the
consideration due upon conversion of the Notes or (iv) a Default or Event of Default in respect of any provision of this Indenture, the
modification of which requires the consent of each Holder of a Note.

35 

Section 6.03. Additional Interest. Notwithstanding anything in this
Indenture or in the Notes to the contrary, to the extent the Company elects, the sole remedy for an Event of Default relating to the Companys
failure to comply with its obligations as set forth in Section 4.06(b) (such Event of Default, a Reporting Event of Default)
shall for the first 365 days after the occurrence of such an Event of Default consist exclusively of the right to receive Additional Interest
on the Notes at a rate equal to (i) 0.25% per annum of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding for each day on which such Event
of Default is continuing during the 180-day period beginning on, and including, the date on which such Event of Default first occurs and
(ii) 0.50% per annum of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding for each day on which such Event of Default is continuing from the
181st day until the 365th day after the occurrence of such Event of Default; provided that in no event shall Additional Interest
payable at the Companys election pursuant to this Section 6.03 for failure to comply with the Companys obligations set forth
in Section 4.06(b), together with any Additional Interest payable as a result of the Companys failure to timely file any document
or report that the Company is required to file with the Commission pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as applicable
(after giving effect to all applicable grace periods thereunder, including but not limited to any grace period provided by Rule 12b-25
under the Exchange Act, and other than reports on Form 8-K) as set forth in Section 4.06(d), accrue at a rate in excess of 0.50% per annum
pursuant to this Indenture, regardless of the number of events or circumstances giving rise to the requirement to pay such Additional
Interest. Additional Interest payable pursuant to this Section 6.03 shall be in addition to, not in lieu of, any Additional Interest payable
pursuant to Section 4.06(d) or Section 4.06(e). If the Company so elects, such Additional Interest shall be payable in the same manner
and on the same dates as the stated interest payable on the Notes. On the 366th day after such Event of Default (if the Event of Default
relating to the Companys failure to file is not cured or waived prior to such 366th day), the Notes shall be immediately subject
to acceleration as provided in Section 6.02. The provisions of this paragraph will not affect the rights of Holders of Notes in the event
of the occurrence of any Event of Default other than the Companys failure to comply with its obligations as set forth in Section
4.06(b). In the event the Company does not elect to pay Additional Interest following an Event of Default in accordance with this Section
6.03 or the Company elected to make such payment but does not pay the Additional Interest when due, the Notes shall be immediately subject
to acceleration as provided in Section 6.02. For the avoidance of doubt, a Reporting Event of Default shall be deemed cured at such time
as the Company files with the Trustee the applicable document or report that gave rise to such Reporting Event of Default (it being understood
that any document or report that the Company files with the Commission through the Commissions EDGAR system (or any successor system)
shall be deemed to be filed with the Trustee at the time such document or report is so filed via the EDGAR system (or any successor system)).

In order to elect to pay Additional Interest as the sole remedy during the
first 365 days after the occurrence of any Event of Default described in the immediately preceding paragraph, the Company must notify
all Holders of the Notes, the Trustee and the Paying Agent of such election prior to the beginning of such 365-day period. Upon the failure
to timely give such notice, the Notes shall be immediately subject to acceleration as provided in Section 6.02.

36 

Section 6.04. Payments of Notes on Default; Suit Therefor. If an
Event of Default described in clause (a) or (b) of Section 6.01 shall have occurred and is continuing, the Company shall, upon demand
of the Trustee, pay to the Trustee, for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes, the whole amount then due and payable on the Notes for
principal and interest, if any, with, to the extent lawful, interest on any overdue principal and interest, if any, at the rate borne
by the Notes at such time, and, in addition thereto, such further amount as shall be sufficient to cover any amounts due to the Trustee
under Section 7.06. If the Company shall fail to pay such amounts forthwith upon such demand, the Trustee, in its own name and as trustee
of an express trust, may institute a judicial proceeding for the collection of the sums so due and unpaid, may prosecute such proceeding
to judgment or final decree and may enforce the same against the Company or any other obligor upon the Notes and collect the moneys adjudged
or decreed to be payable in the manner provided by law out of the property of the Company or any other obligor upon the Notes, wherever
situated.

In the event there shall be pending proceedings for the bankruptcy or for
the reorganization of the Company or any other obligor on the Notes under Title 11 of the United States Code, or any other applicable
law, or in case a receiver, assignee or trustee in bankruptcy or reorganization, liquidator, sequestrator or similar official shall have
been appointed for or taken possession of the Company or such other obligor, the property of the Company or such other obligor, or in
the event of any other judicial proceedings relative to the Company or such other obligor upon the Notes, or to the creditors or property
of the Company or such other obligor, the Trustee, irrespective of whether the principal of the Notes shall then be due and payable as
therein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Trustee shall have made any demand pursuant to the provisions
of this Section 6.04, shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceedings or otherwise, to file and prove a claim or
claims for the whole amount of principal and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, in respect of the Notes, and, in case of any judicial
proceedings, to file such proofs of claim and other papers or documents and to take such other actions as it may deem necessary or advisable
in order to have the claims of the Trustee (including any claim for the compensation and reasonable expenses, disbursements and advances
of the Trustee, its agents and counsel) and of the Holders allowed in such judicial proceedings relative to the Company or any other obligor
on the Notes, its or their creditors, or its or their property, and to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable
on any such claims, and to distribute the same after the deduction of any amounts due to the Trustee in each of its capacities hereunder
under Section 7.06; and any receiver, assignee or trustee in bankruptcy or reorganization, liquidator, custodian or similar official is
hereby authorized by each of the Holders to make such payments to the Trustee, as administrative expenses, and, in the event that the
Trustee shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Holders, to pay to the Trustee in each of its capacities hereunder
any amount due it for compensation and reasonable expenses, advances and disbursements, including agents and counsel fees, and including
any other amounts due to the Trustee under Section 7.06, incurred by it up to the date of such distribution. To the extent that such payment
of compensation and reasonable expenses, advances and disbursements out of the estate in any such proceedings shall be denied for any
reason, payment of the same shall be secured by a lien on, and shall be paid out of, any and all distributions, dividends, monies, securities
and other property that the Holders of the Notes may be entitled to receive in such proceedings, whether in liquidation or under any plan
of reorganization or arrangement or otherwise.

37 

Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to authorize the Trustee to authorize
or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Holder any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting
such Holder or the rights of any Holder thereof, or to authorize the Trustee to vote in respect of the claim of any Holder in any such
proceeding.

All rights of action and of asserting claims under this Indenture, or under
any of the Notes, may be enforced by the Trustee without the possession of any of the Notes, or the production thereof at any trial or
other proceeding relative thereto, and any such suit or proceeding instituted by the Trustee shall be brought in its own name as trustee
of an express trust, and any recovery of judgment shall, after provision for the payment of the compensation and reasonable expenses,
disbursements and advances of the Trustee in each of its capacities hereunder, its agents and counsel, be for the ratable benefit of the
Holders of the Notes.

In any proceedings brought by the Trustee (and in any proceedings involving
the interpretation of any provision of this Indenture to which the Trustee shall be a party) the Trustee shall be held to represent all
the Holders of the Notes, and it shall not be necessary to make any Holders of the Notes parties to any such proceedings.

In case the Trustee shall have proceeded to enforce any right under this
Indenture and such proceedings shall have been discontinued or abandoned because of any waiver pursuant to Section 6.09 or any rescission
and annulment pursuant to Section 6.02 or for any other reason or shall have been determined adversely to the Trustee, then and in every
such case the Company, the Holders and the Trustee shall, subject to any determination in such proceeding, be restored respectively to
their several positions and rights hereunder, and all rights, remedies and powers of the Company, the Holders and the Trustee shall continue
as though no such proceeding had been instituted.

Section 6.05. Application of Monies Collected by Trustee. Any monies
collected by the Trustee pursuant to this Article 6 with respect to the Notes shall be applied in the following order, at the date or
dates fixed by the Trustee for the distribution of such monies, upon presentation of the several Notes, and stamping thereon the payment,
if only partially paid, and upon surrender thereof, if fully paid:

First, to the payment of all amounts due to the Trustee in each of
its capacities hereunder and including its agents and counsel under Section 7.06;

Second, in case the principal of the outstanding Notes shall not
have become due and be unpaid, to the payment of interest on, and any cash due upon conversion of, the Notes in default in the order of
the date due of the payments of such interest and cash due upon conversion, as the case may be, with interest (to the extent that such
interest has been collected by the Trustee) upon such overdue payments at the rate borne by the Notes at such time, such payments to be
made ratably to the Persons entitled thereto;

38 

Third, in case the principal of the outstanding Notes shall have
become due, by declaration or otherwise, and be unpaid to the payment of the whole amount (including, if applicable, the payment of the
Redemption Price, the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price and any cash due upon conversion) then owing and unpaid upon the Notes for principal
and interest, if any, with interest on the overdue principal and, to the extent that such interest has been collected by the Trustee,
upon overdue installments of interest at the rate borne by the Notes at such time, and in case such monies shall be insufficient to pay
in full the whole amounts so due and unpaid upon the Notes, then to the payment of such principal (including, if applicable, the Redemption
Price, the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price and any cash due upon conversion) and interest without preference or priority of principal
over interest, or of interest over principal or of any installment of interest over any other installment of interest, or of any Note
over any other Note, ratably to the aggregate of such principal (including, if applicable, the Redemption Price, the Fundamental Change
Repurchase Price and any cash due upon conversion) and accrued and unpaid interest; and

Fourth, to the payment of the remainder, if any, to the Company.

Section 6.06. Proceedings by Holders. Except to enforce the right
to receive payment of principal (including, if applicable, the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price) or interest
when due, or the right to receive payment or delivery of the consideration due upon conversion, no Holder of any Note shall have any right
by virtue of or by availing of any provision of this Indenture to institute any suit, action or proceeding in equity or at law upon or
under or with respect to this Indenture, or for the appointment of a receiver, trustee, liquidator, custodian or other similar official,
or for any other remedy hereunder, unless:

(a)such Holder previously shall have given to the Trustee written notice of an Event of Default and of the continuance thereof, as
herein provided;

(b)Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding shall have made written request upon the Trustee
to institute such action, suit or proceeding in its own name as Trustee hereunder;

(c)such Holders shall have offered to the Trustee such security and/or indemnity satisfactory to it against any loss, liability or
expense to be incurred therein or thereby;

(d)the Trustee has not complied with such request for 60 days after its receipt of such notice, request and offer of such security
and/or indemnity; and

(e)no direction that, in the opinion of the Trustee, is inconsistent with such written request shall have been given to the Trustee
by the Holders of a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding within such 60-day period pursuant to Section
6.09,

39 

it being understood and intended, and being expressly covenanted by the taker
and Holder of every Note with every other taker and Holder and the Trustee that no one or more Holders shall have any right in any manner
whatever by virtue of or by availing of any provision of this Indenture to affect, disturb or prejudice the rights of any other Holder,
or to obtain or seek to obtain priority over or preference to any other such Holder, or to enforce any right under this Indenture, except
in the manner herein provided and for the equal, ratable and common benefit of all Holders (except as otherwise provided herein), it being
understood that the Trustee does not have an affirmative duty to ascertain whether or not any actions or forbearances by a Holder are
prejudicial to any other Holders. For the protection and enforcement of this Section 6.06, each and every Holder and the Trustee shall
be entitled to such relief as can be given either at law or in equity.

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Indenture and any provision
of any Note, each Holder shall have the right to receive payment or delivery, as the case may be, of (x) the principal (including the
Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) of, (y) accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on, and (z)
the consideration due upon conversion of, such Note, on or after the respective due dates expressed or provided for in such Note or in
this Indenture, or to institute suit for the enforcement of any such payment or delivery, as the case may be.

Section 6.07. Proceedings by Trustee. In case of an Event of Default,
the Trustee may proceed to protect and enforce the rights vested in it by this Indenture by such appropriate judicial proceedings as are
necessary to protect and enforce any of such rights, either by suit in equity or by action at law or by proceeding in bankruptcy or otherwise,
whether for the specific enforcement of any covenant or agreement contained in this Indenture or in aid of the exercise of any power granted
in this Indenture, or to enforce any other legal or equitable right vested in the Trustee by this Indenture or by law.

Section 6.08. Remedies Cumulative and Continuing. Except as provided
in the last paragraph of Section 2.06, all powers and remedies given by this Article 6 to the Trustee or to the Holders shall, to the
extent permitted by law, be deemed cumulative and not exclusive of any thereof or of any other powers and remedies available to the Trustee
or the Holders of the Notes, by judicial proceedings or otherwise, to enforce the performance or observance of the covenants and agreements
contained in this Indenture, and no delay or omission of the Trustee or of any Holder of any of the Notes to exercise any right or power
accruing upon any Default or Event of Default shall impair any such right or power, or shall be construed to be a waiver of any such Default
or Event of Default or any acquiescence therein; and, subject to the provisions of Section 6.06, every power and remedy given by this
Article 6 or by law to the Trustee or to the Holders may be exercised from time to time, and as often as shall be deemed expedient, by
the Trustee or by the Holders.

Section 6.09. Direction of Proceedings and Waiver of Defaults by Majority
of Holders. The Holders of a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding determined in accordance
with Section 8.04 shall have the right to direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the
Trustee or exercising any trust or power conferred on the Trustee with respect to the Notes; provided, however, that (a)
such direction shall not be in conflict with any rule of law or with this Indenture, (b) the Trustee may take any other action deemed
proper by the Trustee that is not inconsistent with such

40 

direction and (c) the Trustee will be under no obligation to exercise any of
the rights or powers under this Indenture at the written request or direction of any Holders unless such Holders have offered the Trustee
security and/or indemnity satisfactory to the Trustee against any loss, liability or expense that might be incurred by it in compliance
with such request or direction. The Trustee may refuse to follow any direction that it determines is unduly prejudicial to the rights
of any other Holder (it being understood that the Trustee shall have no obligation to determine if any such direction is unduly prejudicial
to the rights of a Holder) or that would involve the Trustee in personal liability. The Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount
of the Notes at the time outstanding determined in accordance with Section 8.04 may on behalf of the Holders of all of the Notes waive
(including consents to such waiver obtained in connection with a repurchase of, or tender or exchange offer for, Notes) any or all existing
or past Defaults or Events of Default hereunder and its consequences except (i) a default in the payment of accrued and unpaid interest,
if any, on, or the principal (including any Redemption Price and any Fundamental Change Repurchase Price) of, the Notes when due that
has not been cured pursuant to the provisions of Section 6.01, (ii) a failure by the Company to pay or deliver, as the case may be, the
consideration due upon conversion of the Notes or (iii) a default in respect of a covenant or provision hereof which under Article 10
cannot be modified or amended without the consent of each Holder of an outstanding Note affected. Upon any such waiver the Company, the
Trustee and the Holders of the Notes shall be restored to their former positions and rights hereunder; but no such waiver shall extend
to any subsequent or other Default or Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereon. Whenever any Default or Event of Default
hereunder shall have been waived as permitted by this Section 6.09, said Default or Event of Default shall for all purposes of the Notes
and this Indenture be deemed to have been cured and to be not continuing; but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default
or Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereon.

Section 6.10. Notice of Defaults. The Trustee shall, within 90 days
after a Responsible Officer has received written notice of the occurrence and continuance of a Default or Event of Default, or, if earlier,
the Trustee otherwise is deemed to have knowledge of such Default or Event of Default, in accordance with the terms of this Indenture,
deliver to all Holders notice of such Defaults and Events of Default known to a Responsible Officer, unless such Defaults or Events of
Default shall have been cured or waived before the giving of such notice; provided that, except in the case of a Default or Event
of Default in the payment of the principal of (including the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable),
or accrued and unpaid interest on, any of the Notes or a Default or Event of Default in the payment or delivery of the consideration due
upon conversion, the Trustee shall be protected in withholding (but the Trustee shall not be obligated to withhold) such notice if, and
so long as, it in good faith determines that the withholding of such notice is in the interests of the Holders.

Section 6.11. Undertaking to Pay Costs. All parties to this Indenture
agree, and each Holder of any Note by its acceptance thereof shall be deemed to have agreed, that any court may, in its discretion, require,
in any suit for the enforcement of any right or remedy under this Indenture, or in any suit against the Trustee for any action taken or
omitted by it as Trustee, the filing by any party litigant in such suit of an undertaking to pay the costs of such suit and that such
court may in its discretion assess reasonable costs, including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses, against any party litigant
in such suit, having due regard to the merits and good faith of the claims or defenses made by such party litigant; provided that
the provisions of this Section 6.11 (to the extent permitted by law) shall not apply to any suit instituted by the Trustee, to any suit
instituted by any Holder, or group of Holders, holding in the aggregate more than 10% in principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding
determined in accordance with Section 8.04, or to any suit instituted by any Holder for the enforcement of the payment of the principal
of or accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on any Note (including but not limited to the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase
Price, if applicable) on or after the due date expressed or provided for in such Note or to any suit for the enforcement of the right
to convert any Note, or receive the consideration due upon conversion, in accordance with the provisions of Article 14.

41 

Article
7

Concerning the Trustee

Section 7.01. Duties and Responsibilities of Trustee. The Trustee,
prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default and after the curing or waiver of all Events of Default that may have occurred, undertakes
to perform such duties and only such duties as are specifically set forth in this Indenture. In the event an Event of Default has occurred
and is continuing, the Trustee shall exercise such of the rights and powers vested in it by this Indenture, and use the same degree of
care and skill in its exercise, as a prudent person would exercise or use under the circumstances in the conduct of such persons
own affairs; provided that if an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Trustee will be under no obligation to exercise
any of the rights or powers under this Indenture at the request or direction of any of the Holders unless such Holders have offered to
the Trustee indemnity and/or security satisfactory to it against any loss, liability or expense that might be incurred by it in compliance
with such request or direction.

No provision of this Indenture shall be construed to relieve the Trustee
from liability for its own grossly negligent action, its own grossly negligent failure to act or its own willful misconduct, except that:

(a)prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default and after the curing or waiving of all Events of Default that may have occurred:

(i)the duties and obligations of the Trustee shall be determined solely by the express provisions of this Indenture, and the Trustee
shall not be liable except for the performance of such duties and obligations as are specifically set forth in this Indenture and no implied
covenants or obligations shall be read into this Indenture against the Trustee; and

(ii)in the absence of bad faith and willful misconduct on the part of the Trustee, the Trustee may conclusively rely, as to the truth
of the statements and the correctness of the opinions expressed therein, upon any certificates or opinions furnished to the Trustee and
conforming to the requirements of this Indenture; but, in the case of any such certificates or opinions that by any provisions hereof
are specifically required to be furnished to the Trustee, the Trustee shall be under a duty to examine the same to determine whether or
not they conform to the requirements of this Indenture (but need not confirm or investigate the accuracy of any mathematical calculations
or other facts stated therein);

42 

(b)the Trustee shall not be liable for any error of judgment made in good faith by a Responsible Officer or Officers of the Trustee,
unless it shall be proved that the Trustee was grossly negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts;

(c)the Trustee shall not be liable with respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in good faith in accordance with
the direction of the Holders of not less than a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding determined
as provided in Section 8.04 relating to the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee,
or exercising any trust or power conferred upon the Trustee, under this Indenture;

(d)whether or not therein provided, every provision of this Indenture relating to the conduct or affecting the liability of, or affording
protection to, the Trustee shall be subject to the provisions of this Section 7.01;

(e)the Trustee shall not be liable in respect of any payment (as to the correctness of amount, entitlement to receive or any other
matters relating to payment) or notice effected by the Company or any Paying Agent or any records maintained by any co-Note Registrar
with respect to the Notes;

(f)if any party fails to deliver a notice relating to an event the fact of which, pursuant to this Indenture, requires notice to be
sent to the Trustee, the Trustee may conclusively rely on its failure to receive such notice as reason to act as if no such event occurred,
unless a Responsible Officer of the Trustee had actual knowledge of such event;

(g)all cash received by the Trustee shall be placed in a non-interest bearing trust account, and all cash shall remain uninvested
unless otherwise agreed in writing by the Company and the Trustee;

(h)the rights, privileges, immunities, benefits and protections afforded to the Trustee pursuant to this Article 7 shall also be afforded
to the Trustee in each of its capacities hereunder, and each agent, custodian, and other Person employed to act hereunder, including,
without limitation, in its capacities as Custodian, Note Registrar, Paying Agent, Conversion Agent, Bid Solicitation Agent or transfer
agent hereunder;

(i)none of the provisions contained in this Indenture shall require the Trustee to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur
personal financial liability in the performance of any of its duties or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers; and

(j)the Trustee shall be under no obligation to exercise any of its rights or powers under this Indenture at the request or direction
of any of the Holders unless such Holders have offered to the Trustee indemnity or security satisfactory to the Trustee against any loss,
liability or expense that might be incurred by it in compliance with such request or direction.

43 

Section 7.02. Reliance on Documents, Opinions, Etc. Except as otherwise
provided in Section 7.01:

(a)the Trustee may conclusively rely and shall be fully protected in acting or refraining from acting upon any resolution, certificate,
statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, consent, order, decree, judgment, bond, note, coupon or other paper or document
believed by it in good faith to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper party or parties;

(b)any request, direction, order or demand of the Company mentioned herein shall be sufficiently evidenced by an Officers Certificate
(unless other evidence in respect thereof be herein specifically prescribed); and any Board Resolution may be evidenced to the Trustee
by a copy thereof certified by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company. Before the Trustee acts or refrains from acting,
it may require an Officers Certificate or an Opinion of Counsel, or both. The Trustee shall not be responsible or liable for any
action it takes or omits to take in good faith in reliance on such Officers Certificate or Opinion of Counsel;

(c)the Trustee may consult with counsel of its selection and require an Opinion of Counsel and any advice of such counsel or Opinion
of Counsel shall be full and complete authorization and protection in respect of any action taken or omitted by it hereunder in good faith
and in reliance on such advice or Opinion of Counsel;

(d)the Trustee shall not be bound to make any investigation into the facts or matters stated in any resolution, certificate, statement,
instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, direction, consent, order, bond, debenture or other paper or document, but the Trustee,
in its discretion, may make such further inquiry or investigation into such facts or matters as it may see fit, and, if the Trustee shall
determine to make such further inquiry or investigation, it shall be entitled, at a reasonable time on any Business Day, to examine the
books, records and premises of the Company, personally or by agent or attorney at the expense of the Company and shall incur no liability
of any kind by reason of such inquiry or investigation;

(e)the Trustee may execute any of the trusts or powers hereunder or perform any duties hereunder either directly or by or through
agents, custodians, nominees or attorneys and the Trustee shall not be responsible for any misconduct or negligence on the part of any
agent, custodian, nominee or attorney appointed by it with due care hereunder;

(f)the permissive rights of the Trustee enumerated herein shall not be construed as duties;

(g)in no event shall the Trustee be responsible or liable for any special, indirect, consequential or punitive loss or damage of any
kind whatsoever (including but not limited to lost profits), even if the Trustee has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage
and regardless of the form of action;

44 

(h)the Trustee shall not be required to give any bond or surety in respect of the execution of the trusts, powers, and duties under
this Indenture;

(i)the Trustee may request that the Company deliver an Officers Certificate setting forth the names of individuals and/or titles
of officers authorized at such time to take specified actions pursuant to this Indenture, which Officers Certificate may be signed
by any Person authorized to sign an Officers Certificate, including any Person specified as so authorized in any such certificate
previously delivered and not superseded;

(j)the Trustee shall not be responsible or liable for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith which it reasonably believes
to be authorized or within its rights or powers;

(k)neither the Trustee nor any of its directors, officers, employees, agents or affiliates shall be responsible for nor have any duty
to monitor the performance or any action of the Company, or any of its directors, members, officers, agents, affiliates or employees,
nor shall it have any liability in connection with the malfeasance or nonfeasance by such party. The Trustee shall not be responsible
for any inaccuracy in the information obtained from the Company or for any inaccuracy or omission in the records which may result from
such information or any failure by the Trustee to perform its duties as set forth herein as a result of any inaccuracy or incompleteness;

(l)notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Indenture, other than this Indenture and the Notes, the Trustee will have no duty
to know or inquire as to the performance or nonperformance of any provision of any other agreement, instrument, or contract, nor will
the Trustee be responsible for, nor chargeable with, knowledge of the terms and conditions of any other agreement, instrument, or contract,
whether or not a copy of such agreement has been provided to the Trustee; and

(m)neither the Trustee nor the Conversion Agent shall be obligated to take possession of any Common Stock, whether upon conversion
of Notes or in connection with any discharge of this Indenture pursuant to Article 3 hereof, but shall satisfy its obligation as Conversion
Agent by working through the stock transfer agent of the Company from time to time as directed by the Company.

Section 7.03. No Responsibility for Recitals, Etc. The recitals contained
herein and in the Notes (except in the Trustees certificate of authentication) shall be taken as the statements of the Company,
and the Trustee assumes no responsibility for the correctness of the same. The Trustee makes no representations as to the validity or
sufficiency of this Indenture, of the Notes or of any Common Stock. The Trustee shall not be accountable for the use or application by
the Company of any Notes or the proceeds of any Notes authenticated and delivered by the Trustee in conformity with the provisions of
this Indenture. The Trustee shall not be accountable for the use or application by the Company of any Notes or the proceeds of any Notes
authenticated and delivered by the Trustee in conformity with the provisions of this Indenture. The Trustee shall have no responsibility
or liability with respect to any information, statement or recital in the Offering Memorandum or other disclosure material prepared or
distributed with respect to the issuance of the Notes.

45 

Section 7.04. Trustee, Paying Agents, Conversion Agents, Bid Solicitation
Agent or Note Registrar May Own Notes. The Trustee, any Paying Agent, any Conversion Agent, Bid Solicitation Agent (if other than
the Company or any Affiliate thereof) or Note Registrar, in its individual or any other capacity, may become the owner or pledgee of Notes
with the same rights it would have if it were not the Trustee, Paying Agent, Conversion Agent, Bid Solicitation Agent or Note Registrar.

Section 7.05. Monies to Be Held in Trust. All monies received by
the Trustee shall, until used or applied as herein provided, be held in trust for the purposes for which they were received. Money held
by the Trustee in trust hereunder need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law. The Trustee shall be under
no liability for interest on any money received by it hereunder except as may be agreed from time to time by the Company and the Trustee.

Section 7.06. Compensation and Expenses of Trustee. The Company covenants
and agrees to pay to the Trustee from time to time, and the Trustee shall be entitled to, compensation for all services rendered by it
hereunder in any capacity (which shall not be limited by any provision of law in regard to the compensation of a trustee of an express
trust) as mutually agreed to in writing between the Trustee and the Company, and the Company will pay or reimburse the Trustee upon its
request for all reasonable expenses, disbursements and advances reasonably incurred or made by the Trustee in accordance with any of the
provisions of this Indenture in any capacity thereunder (including the reasonable compensation, expenses and disbursements of its agents
and counsel and of all Persons not regularly in its employ) except any such expense, disbursement or advance as shall have been caused
by its gross negligence or willful misconduct (as adjudicated in a final, non-appealable decision by a court of competent jurisdiction).
The Company also covenants to indemnify the Trustee in any capacity under this Indenture and any other document or transaction entered
into in connection herewith and its officers, directors, agents or employees, each agent appointed pursuant to this Indenture and any
authenticating agent for, and to hold each of them harmless against, any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense (including reasonable
attorneys fees) incurred without gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of the Trustee, its officers, directors, agents,
employees, successors or assigns or such agent or authenticating agent, as the case may be (as adjudicated in a final, non-appealable
decision by a court of competent jurisdiction), and arising out of or in connection with the acceptance or administration of this Indenture
or in any other capacity hereunder (whether such claims arise by or against the Company or a third person), including the costs and expenses
of defending themselves against any claim of liability (including, without limitation, any and all reasonable attorneys fees and
expenses) or enforcing the Companys obligations hereunder. The obligations of the Company under this Section 7.06 to compensate
or indemnify the Trustee and to pay or reimburse the Trustee for expenses, disbursements and advances shall be secured by a senior lien
to which the Notes are hereby made subordinate on all money or property held or collected by the Trustee, except, subject to the effect
of Section 6.05, funds held in trust herewith for the benefit of the Holders of particular Notes. The Trustees right to receive
payment of any amounts due under this Section 7.06 shall not be subordinate to any other liability or indebtedness of the Company. The
obligations of the Company under this Section 7.06 shall survive the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture and the earlier resignation
or removal of the Trustee. The Company need not pay for any settlement made without its consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld, conditioned or delayed. The indemnification provided in this Section 7.06 shall extend to the officers, directors, agents and
employees of the Trustee and any successor Trustee hereunder.

46 

Without prejudice to any other rights available to the Trustee under applicable
law, when the Trustee and its agents and any authenticating agent incur expenses or render services after an Event of Default specified
in Section 6.01(i) or Section 6.01(j) occurs, the expenses and the compensation for the services are intended to constitute expenses of
administration under any bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws.

Section 7.07. Officers Certificate as Evidence. Except as
otherwise provided in Section 7.01, whenever in the administration of the provisions of this Indenture the Trustee shall deem it necessary
or desirable that a matter be proved or established prior to taking or omitting any action hereunder, such matter (unless other evidence
in respect thereof be herein specifically prescribed) may, in the absence of gross negligence and willful misconduct on the part of the
Trustee, be deemed to be conclusively proved and established by an Officers Certificate delivered to the Trustee, and such Officers
Certificate, in the absence of gross negligence and willful misconduct on the part of the Trustee, shall be full warrant to the Trustee
for any action taken or omitted by it under the provisions of this Indenture upon the faith thereof.

Section 7.08. Eligibility of Trustee. There shall at all times be
a Trustee hereunder which shall be a Person that is eligible pursuant to the Trust Indenture Act (as if the Trust Indenture Act were applicable
hereto) to act as such and has a combined capital and surplus of at least $50,000,000. If such Person publishes reports of condition at
least annually, pursuant to law or to the requirements of any supervising or examining authority, then for the purposes of this Section
7.08, the combined capital and surplus of such Person shall be deemed to be its combined capital and surplus as set forth in its most
recent report of condition so published. If at any time the Trustee shall cease to be eligible in accordance with the provisions of this
Section 7.08, it shall resign immediately in the manner and with the effect hereinafter specified in this Article.

Section 7.09. Resignation or Removal of Trustee. (a) The Trustee
may at any time resign by giving written notice of such resignation to the Company and by delivering notice thereof to the Holders. Upon
receiving such notice of resignation, the Company shall promptly appoint a successor trustee by written instrument, in duplicate, executed
by order of the Board of Directors, one copy of which instrument shall be delivered to the resigning Trustee and one copy to the successor
trustee. If no successor trustee shall have been so appointed and have accepted appointment within 30 days after the giving of such notice
of resignation to the Holders, the resigning Trustee may, upon ten Business Days notice to the Company and the Holders, at the
expense of the Company, petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor trustee, or any Holder who has
been a bona fide Holder of a Note or Notes for at least six months (or since the date of this Indenture if this Indenture was executed
within the prior six months) may, subject to the provisions of Section 6.11, on behalf of himself or herself and all others similarly
situated, petition any such court for the appointment of a successor trustee. Such court may thereupon, after such notice, if any, as
it may deem proper and prescribe, appoint a successor trustee.

47 

(b)In case at any time any of the following shall occur:

(i)the Trustee shall cease to be eligible in accordance with the provisions of Section 7.08 and shall fail to resign after written
request therefor by the Company or by any such Holder, or

(ii)the Trustee shall become incapable of acting, or shall be adjudged a bankrupt or insolvent, or a receiver of the Trustee or of
its property shall be appointed, or any public officer shall take charge or control of the Trustee or of its property or affairs for the
purpose of rehabilitation, conservation or liquidation,

then, in either case, the Company may by a Board Resolution remove the Trustee and appoint a
successor trustee by written instrument, in duplicate, executed by order of the Board of Directors, one copy of which instrument shall
be delivered to the Trustee so removed and one copy to the successor trustee, or, subject to the provisions of Section 6.11, any Holder
who has been a bona fide holder of a Note or Notes for at least six months (or since the date of this Indenture) may, on behalf of himself
or herself and all others similarly situated, petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the removal of the Trustee and the appointment
of a successor trustee. Such court may thereupon, after such notice, if any, as it may deem proper and prescribe, remove the Trustee and
appoint a successor trustee.

(c)The Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding, as determined in accordance with
Section 8.04, may at any time remove the Trustee and nominate a successor trustee that shall be deemed appointed as successor trustee
unless within ten days after notice to the Company of such nomination the Company objects thereto, in which case the Trustee so removed
(at the expense of the Company) or any Holder, upon the terms and conditions and otherwise as in Section 7.09(a) provided, may petition
any court of competent jurisdiction for an appointment of a successor trustee.

(d)Any resignation or removal of the Trustee and appointment of a successor trustee pursuant to any of the provisions of this Section
7.09 shall become effective upon acceptance of appointment by the successor trustee as provided in Section 7.10.

Section 7.10. Acceptance by Successor Trustee. Any successor trustee
appointed as provided in Section 7.09 shall execute, acknowledge and deliver to the Company and to its predecessor trustee an instrument
accepting such appointment hereunder, and thereupon the resignation or removal of the predecessor trustee shall become effective and such
successor trustee, without any further act, deed or conveyance, shall become vested with all the rights, powers, duties and obligations
of its predecessor hereunder, with like effect as if originally named as Trustee herein; but, nevertheless, on the written request of
the Company or of the

48 

successor trustee, the trustee ceasing to act shall, upon payment of any amounts then due it pursuant to the provisions
of Section 7.06, execute and deliver an instrument transferring to such successor trustee all the rights and powers of the trustee so
ceasing to act. Upon request of any such successor trustee, the Company shall execute any and all instruments in writing for more fully
and certainly vesting in and confirming to such successor trustee all such rights and powers. Any trustee ceasing to act shall, nevertheless,
retain a senior claim to which the Notes are hereby made subordinate on all money or property held or collected by such trustee as such,
except for funds held in trust for the benefit of Holders of particular Notes, to secure any amounts then due it pursuant to the provisions
of Section 7.06.

No successor trustee shall accept appointment as provided in this Section
7.10 unless at the time of such acceptance such successor trustee shall be eligible under the provisions of Section 7.08.

Upon acceptance of appointment by a successor trustee as provided in this
Section 7.10, each of the Company and the successor trustee, at the written direction and at the expense of the Company shall deliver
or cause to be delivered notice of the succession of such trustee hereunder to the Holders. If the Company fails to deliver such notice
within ten days after acceptance of appointment by the successor trustee, the successor trustee shall cause such notice to be delivered
at the expense of the Company.

Section 7.11. Succession by Merger, Etc. Any corporation or other
entity into which the Trustee may be merged or converted or with which it may be consolidated, or any corporation or other entity resulting
from any merger, conversion or consolidation to which the Trustee shall be a party, or any corporation or other entity succeeding to all
or substantially all of the corporate trust business of the Trustee (including the administration of this Indenture), shall be the successor
to the Trustee hereunder without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of any of the parties hereto; provided
that in the case of any corporation or other entity succeeding to all or substantially all of the corporate trust business of the Trustee
such corporation or other entity shall be eligible under the provisions of Section 7.08.

In case at the time such successor to the Trustee shall succeed to the trusts
created by this Indenture, any of the Notes shall have been authenticated but not delivered, any such successor to the Trustee may adopt
the certificate of authentication of any predecessor trustee or authenticating agent appointed by such predecessor trustee, and deliver
such Notes so authenticated; and in case at that time any of the Notes shall not have been authenticated, any successor to the Trustee
or an authenticating agent appointed by such successor trustee may authenticate such Notes either in the name of any predecessor trustee
hereunder or in the name of the successor trustee; and in all such cases such certificates shall have the full force which it is anywhere
in the Notes or in this Indenture provided that the certificate of the Trustee shall have; provided, however, that the right
to adopt the certificate of authentication of any predecessor trustee or to authenticate Notes in the name of any predecessor trustee
shall apply only to its successor or successors by merger, conversion or consolidation.

49 

Section 7.12. Trustees Application for Instructions from the Company.
Any application by the Trustee for written instructions from the Company (other than with regard to any action proposed to be taken or
omitted to be taken by the Trustee that affects the rights of the Holders of the Notes under this Indenture) may, at the option of the
Trustee, set forth in writing any action proposed to be taken or omitted by the Trustee under this Indenture and the date on and/or after
which such action shall be taken or such omission shall be effective. The Trustee shall not be liable to the Company for any action taken
by, or omission of, the Trustee in accordance with a proposal included in such application on or after the date specified in such application
(which date shall not be less than three Business Days after the date any officer that the Company has indicated to the Trustee should
receive such application actually receives such application, unless any such officer shall have consented in writing to any earlier date),
unless, prior to taking any such action (or the effective date in the case of any omission), the Trustee shall have received written instructions
in accordance with this Indenture in response to such application specifying the action to be taken or omitted.

Article
8

Concerning the Holders

Section 8.01. Action by Holders. Whenever in this Indenture it is
provided that the Holders of a specified percentage of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes may take any action (including the
making of any demand or request, the giving of any notice, consent or waiver or the taking of any other action), the fact that at the
time of taking any such action, the Holders of such specified percentage have joined therein may be evidenced (a) by any instrument or
any number of instruments of similar tenor executed by Holders in person or by agent or proxy appointed in writing, including as a response
to a written consent solicitation, or (b) by the record of the Holders voting in favor thereof at any meeting of Holders duly called and
held in accordance with the provisions of Article 9, or (c) by a combination of such instrument or instruments and any such record of
such a meeting of Holders. Whenever the Company or the Trustee solicits the taking of any action by the Holders of the Notes, the Company
or the Trustee may, but shall not be required to, fix in advance of such solicitation, a date as the record date for determining Holders
entitled to take such action. The record date if one is selected shall be not more than fifteen days prior to the date of commencement
of solicitation of such action.

Section 8.02. Proof of Execution by Holders. Subject to the provisions
of Section 7.01, Section 7.02 and Section 9.05, proof of the execution of any instrument by a Holder or its agent or proxy shall be sufficient
if made in accordance with such reasonable rules and regulations as may be prescribed by the Trustee or in such manner as shall be satisfactory
to the Trustee. The holding of Notes shall be proved by the Note Register or by a certificate of the Note Registrar. The record of any
Holders meeting shall be proved in the manner provided in Section 9.06.

Section 8.03. Who Are Deemed Absolute Owners. The Company, the Trustee,
any authenticating agent, any Paying Agent, any Conversion Agent and any Note Registrar may deem the Person in whose name a Note shall
be registered upon the Note Register to be, and may treat it as, the absolute owner of such Note (whether or not such Note shall be overdue
and notwithstanding any notation of ownership or other writing thereon made by any Person other

50 

than the Company or any Note Registrar)
for the purpose of receiving payment of or on account of the principal (including any Redemption Price and any Fundamental Change Repurchase
Price) of and (subject to Section 2.03) accrued and unpaid interest on such Note, for conversion of such Note and for all other purposes;
and neither the Company nor the Trustee nor any Paying Agent nor any Conversion Agent nor any Note Registrar shall be affected by any
notice to the contrary. The sole registered Holder of a Global Note shall be the Depositary or its nominee. All such payments or deliveries
so made to any Holder for the time being, or upon its order, shall be valid, and, to the extent of the sums or shares of Common Stock
so paid or delivered, effectual to satisfy and discharge the liability for monies payable or shares deliverable upon any such Note. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Indenture or the Notes following an Event of Default, any holder of a beneficial interest in a Global
Note may directly enforce against the Company, without the consent, solicitation, proxy, authorization or any other action of the Depositary
or any other Person, such holders right to exchange such beneficial interest for a Physical Note in accordance with the provisions
of this Indenture.

Section 8.04. Company-Owned Notes Disregarded. In determining whether
the Holders of the requisite aggregate principal amount of Notes have concurred in any direction, consent, waiver or other action under
this Indenture, Notes that are owned by the Company, by any Subsidiary thereof or by any Affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary thereof
shall be disregarded and deemed not to be outstanding for the purpose of any such determination; provided that for the purposes
of determining whether the Trustee shall be protected in relying on any such direction, consent, waiver or other action only Notes that
a Responsible Officer knows are so owned shall be so disregarded. Notes so owned that have been pledged in good faith may be regarded
as outstanding for the purposes of this Section 8.04 if the pledgee shall establish to the satisfaction of the Trustee the pledgees
right to so act with respect to such Notes and that the pledgee is not the Company, a Subsidiary thereof or an Affiliate of the Company
or a Subsidiary thereof. In the case of a dispute as to such right, any decision by the Trustee taken upon the advice of counsel shall
be full protection to the Trustee. Upon request of the Trustee, the Company shall furnish to the Trustee promptly an Officers Certificate
listing and identifying all Notes, if any, known by the Company to be owned or held by or for the account of any of the above described
Persons; and, subject to Section 7.01, the Trustee shall be entitled to accept such Officers Certificate as conclusive evidence
of the facts therein set forth and of the fact that all Notes not listed therein are outstanding for the purpose of any such determination.

Section 8.05. Revocation of Consents; Future Holders Bound. At any
time prior to (but not after) the evidencing to the Trustee, as provided in Section 8.01, of the taking of any action by the Holders of
the percentage of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes specified in this Indenture in connection with such action,
any Holder of a Note that is shown by the evidence to be included in the Notes the Holders of which have consented to such action may,
by filing written notice with the Trustee at its Corporate Trust Office and upon proof of holding as provided in Section 8.02, revoke
such action so far as concerns such Note. Except as aforesaid, any such action taken by the Holder of any Note shall be conclusive and
binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders and owners of such Note and of any Notes issued in exchange or substitution therefor
or upon registration of transfer thereof, irrespective of whether any notation in regard thereto is made upon such Note or any Note issued
in exchange or substitution therefor or upon registration of transfer thereof.

51 

Article
9

Holders Meetings

Section 9.01. Purpose of Meetings. A meeting of Holders may be called
at any time and from time to time pursuant to the provisions of this Article 9 for any of the following purposes:

(a)to give any notice to the Company or to the Trustee or to give any directions to the Trustee permitted under this Indenture, or
to consent to the waiving of any Default or Event of Default hereunder (in each case, as permitted under this Indenture) and its consequences,
or to take any other action authorized to be taken by Holders pursuant to any of the provisions of Article 6;

(b)to remove the Trustee and nominate a successor trustee pursuant to the provisions of Article 7;

(c)to consent to the execution of an indenture or indentures supplemental hereto pursuant to the provisions of Section 10.02; or

(d)to take any other action authorized to be taken by or on behalf of the Holders of any specified aggregate principal amount of the
Notes under any other provision of this Indenture or under applicable law.

Section 9.02. Call of Meetings by Trustee. The Trustee may at any
time call a meeting of Holders to take any action specified in Section 9.01, to be held at such time and at such place as the Trustee
shall determine. Notice of every meeting of the Holders, setting forth the time and the place of such meeting and in general terms the
action proposed to be taken at such meeting and the establishment of any record date pursuant to Section 8.01, shall be delivered to Holders
of such Notes. Such notice shall also be delivered to the Company. Such notices shall be delivered not less than 20 nor more than 90 days
prior to the date fixed for the meeting.

Any meeting of Holders shall be valid without notice if the Holders of all
Notes then outstanding are present in person or by proxy or if notice is waived before or after the meeting by the Holders of all Notes
then outstanding, and if the Company and the Trustee are either present by duly authorized representatives or have, before or after the
meeting, waived notice.

Section 9.03. Call of Meetings by Company or Holders. In case at
any time the Company, pursuant to a Board Resolution, or the Holders of at least 10% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then
outstanding, shall have requested the Trustee to call a meeting of Holders, by written request setting forth in reasonable detail the
action proposed to be taken at the meeting, and the Trustee shall not have delivered the notice of such meeting within 20 days after receipt
of such request, then the Company or such Holders may determine the time and the place for such meeting and may call such meeting to take
any action authorized in Section 9.01, by delivering notice thereof as provided in Section 9.02.

52 

Section 9.04. Qualifications for Voting. To be entitled to vote at
any meeting of Holders a Person shall (a) be a Holder of one or more Notes on the record date pertaining to such meeting or (b) be a Person
appointed by an instrument in writing as proxy by a Holder of one or more Notes on the record date pertaining to such meeting. The only
Persons who shall be entitled to be present or to speak at any meeting of Holders shall be the Persons entitled to vote at such meeting
and their counsel and any representatives of the Trustee and its counsel and any representatives of the Company and its counsel.

Section 9.05. Regulations. Notwithstanding any other provisions of
this Indenture, the Trustee may make such reasonable regulations as it may deem advisable for any meeting of Holders, in regard to proof
of the holding of Notes and of the appointment of proxies, and in regard to the appointment and duties of inspectors of votes, the submission
and examination of proxies, certificates and other evidence of the right to vote, and such other matters concerning the conduct of the
meeting as it shall think fit.

The Trustee shall, by an instrument in writing, appoint a temporary chairman
of the meeting, unless the meeting shall have been called by the Company or by Holders as provided in Section 9.03, in which case the
Company or the Holders calling the meeting, as the case may be, shall in like manner appoint a temporary chairman. A permanent chairman
and a permanent secretary of the meeting shall be elected by vote of the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes
represented at the meeting and entitled to vote at the meeting.

Subject to the provisions of Section 8.04, at any meeting of Holders each
Holder or proxyholder shall be entitled to one vote for each $1,000 in principal amount of Notes held or represented by him or her; provided,
however, that no vote shall be cast or counted at any meeting in respect of any Note challenged as not outstanding and ruled by
the chairman of the meeting to be not outstanding. The chairman of the meeting shall have no right to vote other than by virtue of Notes
held by it or instruments in writing as aforesaid duly designating it as the proxy to vote on behalf of other Holders. Any meeting of
Holders duly called pursuant to the provisions of Section 9.02 or Section 9.03 may be adjourned from time to time by the Holders of a
majority of the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes represented at the meeting, whether or not constituting a quorum, and
the meeting may be held as so adjourned without further notice.

Section 9.06. Voting. The vote upon any resolution submitted to any
meeting of Holders shall be by written ballot on which shall be subscribed the signatures of the Holders or of their representatives by
proxy and the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Notes held or represented by them. The permanent chairman of the meeting shall
appoint two inspectors of votes who shall count all votes cast at the meeting for or against any resolution and who shall make and file
with the secretary of the meeting their verified written reports in duplicate of all votes cast at the meeting. A record in duplicate
of the proceedings of each meeting of Holders shall be prepared by the secretary of the meeting and there shall be attached to said record
the

53 

original reports of the inspectors of votes on any vote by ballot taken thereat and affidavits by one or more Persons having knowledge
of the facts setting forth a copy of the notice of the meeting and showing that said notice was delivered as provided in Section 9.02.
The record shall show the aggregate principal amount of the Notes voting in favor of or against any resolution. The record shall be signed
and verified by the affidavits of the permanent chairman and secretary of the meeting and one of the duplicates shall be delivered to
the Company and the other to the Trustee to be preserved by the Trustee, the latter to have attached thereto the ballots voted at the
meeting.

Any record so signed and verified shall be conclusive evidence of the matters
therein stated.

Section 9.07. No Delay of Rights by Meeting. Nothing contained in
this Article 9 shall be deemed or construed to authorize or permit, by reason of any call of a meeting of Holders or any rights expressly
or impliedly conferred hereunder to make such call, any hindrance or delay in the exercise of any right or rights conferred upon or reserved
to the Trustee or to the Holders under any of the provisions of this Indenture or of the Notes.

Article
10

Supplemental Indentures

Section 10.01. Supplemental Indentures Without Consent of Holders.
The Company, when authorized by the resolutions of the Board of Directors, and the Trustee, at the Companys expense, may from time
to time and at any time amend this Indenture or enter into an indenture or indentures supplemental hereto for one or more of the following
purposes:

(a)to cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency;

(b)to provide for the assumption by a Successor Company of the obligations of the Company under this Indenture pursuant to Article
11;

(c)to add guarantees with respect to the Notes;

(d)to secure the Notes;

(e)to add to the covenants or Events of Default of the Company for the benefit of the Holders or surrender any right or power conferred
upon the Company;

(f)to make any change that does not adversely affect the rights of any Holder in any material respect;

(g)in connection with any Merger Event, to provide that the Notes are convertible into Reference Property, subject to the provisions
of Section 14.02, and make such related changes to the terms of the Notes to the extent expressly required by Section 14.07;

54 

(h)to conform the provisions of this Indenture or the Notes to the Description of Notes section of the Offering Memorandum;

(i)to comply with the rules of any applicable securities depositary, including The Depository Trust Company, so long as such amendment
does not adversely affect the rights of any Holder in any material respect;

(j)to increase the Conversion Rate;

(k)to provide for the issuance of additional Notes in accordance with the terms of this Indenture;

(l)to appoint a successor Trustee with respect to the Notes; or

(m)to provide for uncertificated Notes in addition to or in place of Physical Notes, so long as such amendment does not adversely
affect the rights of any Holder and so long as such Notes are in registered form for U.S. federal income tax purposes.

Upon the written request of the Company, and subject to Section 10.05, the
Trustee is hereby authorized to join with the Company in the execution of any such supplemental indenture, to make any further appropriate
agreements and stipulations that may be therein contained, but the Trustee shall not be obligated to, but may in its discretion, enter
into any supplemental indenture that affects the Trustees own rights, duties, privileges, liabilities, indemnities or immunities
under this Indenture or otherwise.

Any supplemental indenture authorized by the provisions of this Section
10.01 may be executed by the Company and the Trustee without the consent of the Holders of any of the Notes at the time outstanding, notwithstanding
any of the provisions of Section 10.02.

Section 10.02. Supplemental Indentures with Consent of Holders. With
the consent (evidenced as provided in Article 8) of the Holders of at least a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes
then outstanding (determined in accordance with Article 8 and including, without limitation, consents obtained in connection with a repurchase
of, or tender or exchange offer for, Notes), the Company, when authorized by the resolutions of the Board of Directors, and the Trustee,
at the Companys expense, may from time to time and at any time enter into an indenture or indentures supplemental hereto for the
purpose of amending this Indenture or any supplemental indenture or the Notes; provided, however, that, without the consent
of each Holder of an outstanding Note affected, no such supplemental indenture shall:

(a)reduce the principal amount of Notes whose Holders must consent to an amendment;

(b)reduce the rate of or extend the stated time for payment of interest on any Note;

(c)reduce the principal of or extend the Maturity Date of any Note;

55 

(d)make any change that adversely affects the conversion rights of any Notes;

(e)reduce the Redemption Price or the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price of any Note or amend or modify in any manner adverse to
the Holders the Companys obligation to make such payments, whether through an amendment or waiver of provisions in the covenants,
definitions or otherwise;

(f)make any Note payable in a currency, or at a place of payment, other than that stated in the Note;

(g)change the ranking of the Notes; or

(h)make any change in this Article 10 that requires each Holders consent or in the waiver
provisions in Section 6.02 or Section 6.09.

Upon the written request of the Company, and upon the filing with the Trustee
of evidence of the consent of Holders as aforesaid and subject to Section 10.05, the Trustee shall join with the Company in the execution
of such supplemental indenture unless such supplemental indenture affects the Trustees own rights, duties, privileges, liabilities,
indemnities or immunities under this Indenture or otherwise, in which case the Trustee may in its discretion, but shall not be obligated
to, enter into such supplemental indenture.

Holders do not need under this Section 10.02 to approve the particular form
of any proposed supplemental indenture. It shall be sufficient if such Holders approve the substance thereof. After any such supplemental
indenture becomes effective, the Company shall deliver to the Holders a notice briefly describing such supplemental indenture. However,
the failure to give such notice to all the Holders, or any defect in the notice, will not impair or affect the validity of the supplemental
indenture.

Section 10.03. Effect of Supplemental Indentures. Upon the execution
of any supplemental indenture pursuant to the provisions of this Article 10, this Indenture shall be and be deemed to be modified and
amended in accordance therewith and the respective rights, limitation of rights, obligations, duties and immunities under this Indenture
of the Trustee, the Company and the Holders shall thereafter be determined, exercised and enforced hereunder subject in all respects to
such modifications and amendments and all the terms and conditions of any such supplemental indenture shall be and be deemed to be part
of the terms and conditions of this Indenture for any and all purposes.

Section 10.04. Notation on Notes. Notes authenticated and delivered
after the execution of any supplemental indenture pursuant to the provisions of this Article 10 may, at the Companys expense, bear
a notation in form approved by the Trustee as to any matter provided for in such supplemental indenture. If the Company or the Trustee
shall so determine, new Notes so modified as to conform, in the opinion of the Trustee and the Company, to any modification of this Indenture
contained in any such supplemental indenture may, at the Companys expense, be prepared and executed by the Company, upon receipt
of a Company Order, authenticated by the Trustee (or an authenticating agent duly appointed by the Trustee pursuant to Section 17.10)
and delivered in exchange for the Notes then outstanding, upon surrender of such Notes then outstanding. Failure to make the appropriate
notation or issue a new Note pursuant to this Section 10.04 will not affect the validity of such supplemental indenture.

56 

Section 10.05. Evidence of Compliance of Supplemental Indenture to Be
Furnished to Trustee. In addition to the documents required by Section 17.05, the Trustee shall receive an Officers Certificate
and an Opinion of Counsel as conclusive evidence, and each stating, that any supplemental indenture executed pursuant hereto complies
with the requirements of this Article 10 and is permitted or authorized by this Indenture, with such Opinion of Counsel to include a customary
legal opinion stating that such supplemental indenture is the valid and binding obligation of the Company, subject to customary exceptions
and qualifications. The Trustee shall have no responsibility for determining whether any amendment or supplemental indenture will or may
have an adverse effect on any Holder.

Article
11

Consolidation, Merger, Sale, Conveyance and Lease of the Company

Section 11.01. Company May Consolidate, Etc. on Certain Terms. Subject
to the provisions of Section 11.02, the Company shall not consolidate with, merge with or into, or sell, convey, transfer or lease all
or substantially all of its properties and assets to another Person, unless:

(a)the resulting, surviving or transferee Person (the Successor Company), if not the Company, shall be a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America, any State thereof or the District of Columbia, and the Successor
Company (if not the Company) shall expressly assume, by supplemental indenture all of the obligations of the Company under the Notes and
this Indenture;

(b)immediately after giving effect to such transaction, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing under
this Indenture; and

(c)if the Company is not the Successor Company, the Successor Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate
and Opinion of Counsel in accordance with Section 11.03.

For purposes of this Section 11.01, the sale, conveyance, transfer or lease
of all or substantially all of the properties and assets of one or more Subsidiaries of the Company to another Person, which properties
and assets, if held by the Company instead of such Subsidiaries, would constitute all or substantially all of the properties and assets
of the Company on a consolidated basis, shall be deemed to be the sale, conveyance, transfer or lease of all or substantially all of the
properties and assets of the Company to another Person.

Section 11.02. Successor Company to Be Substituted. In case of any
such consolidation, merger, sale, conveyance, transfer or lease and upon the assumption by the Successor Company,

57 

by supplemental indenture,
executed and delivered to the Trustee and satisfactory in form to the Trustee, of the due and punctual payment of the principal of and
accrued and unpaid interest on all of the Notes, the due and punctual delivery or payment, as the case may be, of any consideration due
upon conversion of the Notes and the due and punctual performance of all of the covenants and conditions of this Indenture to be performed
by the Company, such Successor Company (if not the Company) shall succeed to and, except in the case of a lease of all or substantially
all of the Companys properties and assets, may exercise every right and power of and shall be substituted for the Company, with
the same effect as if it had been named herein as the party of the first part. Such Successor Company thereupon may cause to be signed,
and may issue either in its own name or in the name of the Company any or all of the Notes issuable hereunder which theretofore shall
not have been signed by the Company and delivered to the Trustee; and, upon the written order of such Successor Company instead of the
Company and subject to all the terms, conditions and limitations in this Indenture prescribed, the Trustee shall authenticate and shall
deliver, or cause to be authenticated and delivered, any Notes that previously shall have been signed and delivered by the Officers of
the Company to the Trustee for authentication, and any Notes that such Successor Company thereafter shall cause to be signed and delivered
to the Trustee for that purpose. All the Notes so issued shall in all respects have the same legal rank and benefit under this Indenture
as the Notes theretofore or thereafter issued in accordance with the terms of this Indenture as though all of such Notes had been issued
at the date of the execution hereof. In the event of any such consolidation, merger, sale, conveyance or transfer (but not in the case
of a lease), upon compliance with this Article 11 the Person named as the Company in the first paragraph of this Indenture
(or any successor that shall thereafter have become such in the manner prescribed in this Article 11) may be dissolved, wound up and liquidated
at any time thereafter and, except in the case of a lease, such Person shall be released from its liabilities as obligor and maker of
the Notes and from its obligations under this Indenture and the Notes.

In case of any such consolidation, merger, sale, conveyance, transfer or
lease, such changes in phraseology and form (but not in substance) may be made in the Notes thereafter to be issued as may be appropriate.

Section 11.03. Officers Certificate and Opinion of Counsel to
Be Given to Trustee. No such consolidation, merger, sale, conveyance, transfer or lease shall be effective unless the Trustee shall
receive an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel as conclusive evidence, and each stating, that any such consolidation,
merger, sale, conveyance, transfer or lease and any such assumption and, if a supplemental indenture is required in connection with such
transaction, such supplemental indenture, complies with, and is authorized or permitted by, the provisions of this Indenture and with
such Opinion of Counsel stating that the supplemental indenture is the valid and binding obligation of the Successor Company, subject
to customary exceptions and qualifications.

58 

Article
12

Immunity of Incorporators, Stockholders, Officers and Directors

Section 12.01. Indenture and Notes Solely Corporate Obligations.
No recourse for the payment of the principal of or accrued and unpaid interest on any Note, nor for any claim based thereon or otherwise
in respect thereof, and no recourse under or upon any obligation, covenant or agreement of the Company in this Indenture or in any supplemental
indenture or in any Note, nor because of the creation of any indebtedness represented thereby, shall be had against any incorporator,
stockholder, employee, agent, Officer or director or Subsidiary, as such, past, present or future, of the Company or of any successor
corporation, either directly or through the Company or any successor corporation, whether by virtue of any constitution, statute or rule
of law, or by the enforcement of any assessment or penalty or otherwise; it being expressly understood that all such liability is hereby
expressly waived and released as a condition of, and as a consideration for, the execution of this Indenture and the issue of the Notes.

Article
13

[Intentionally Omitted]

Article
14

Conversion of Notes

Section 14.01. Conversion Privilege. (a) Subject to and upon compliance
with the provisions of this Article 14, each Holder of a Note shall have the right, at such Holders option, to convert all or any
portion (if the portion to be converted is $1,000 in principal amount or an integral multiple thereof) of such Note (i) subject to satisfaction
of the conditions described in Section 14.01(b), at any time prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding
December 15, 2029 under the circumstances and during the periods set forth in Section 14.01(b), and (ii) regardless of the conditions
described in Section 14.01(b), on or after December 15, 2029 and prior to the close of business on the second Scheduled Trading Day immediately
preceding the Maturity Date, in each case, at an initial conversion rate of 6.6243 shares of Common Stock (subject to adjustment as provided
in this Article 14, the Conversion Rate) per $1,000 in principal amount of Notes (subject to, and in accordance with,
the settlement provisions of Section 14.02, the Conversion Obligation).

(b)(i) Prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding December 15, 2029, a Holder may surrender all or any
portion of its Notes for conversion at any time during the five Business Day period immediately after any ten consecutive Trading Day
period (the Measurement Period) in which the Trading Price per $1,000 in principal amount of Notes, as determined
by the Bid Solicitation Agent following a request by a Holder of Notes in accordance with this subsection (b)(i), for each Trading Day
of the Measurement Period was less than 98% of the product of the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock on each such Trading Day
and the Conversion Rate on each such Trading Day (the Trading Price Condition). The Trading Prices shall be determined
by the Bid Solicitation Agent pursuant to this subsection (b)(i) and the definition of Trading Price set forth in this Indenture. The

59 

Company shall provide written notice to the Bid Solicitation Agent (if other than the Company) of the three independent nationally recognized
securities dealers selected by the Company pursuant to the definition of Trading Price, along with appropriate contact information for
each. The Bid Solicitation Agent (if other than the Company) shall have no obligation to determine the Trading Price per $1,000 in principal
amount of Notes unless the Company has requested such determination, and the Company shall have no obligation to make such request (or,
if the Company is acting as Bid Solicitation Agent, the Company shall have no obligation to determine the Trading Price per $1,000 in
principal amount of Notes) unless Holders of at least $5,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of Notes provide the Company with a written
request and reasonable evidence that the Trading Price per $1,000 in principal amount of Notes on any Trading Day would be less than 98%
of the product of the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock on such Trading Day and the Conversion Rate on such Trading Day, at
which time the Company shall instruct the Bid Solicitation Agent (if other than the Company) to determine, or if the Company is acting
as Bid Solicitation Agent, the Company shall determine, the Trading Price per $1,000 in principal amount of Notes (in accordance with
the procedures described above) beginning on the next Trading Day and on each successive Trading Day until the Trading Price per $1,000
in principal amount of Notes is greater than or equal to 98% of the product of the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock and the
Conversion Rate. If (x) the Company is not acting as Bid Solicitation Agent, and the Company does not instruct the Bid Solicitation Agent
to determine the Trading Price per $1,000 in principal amount of Notes when obligated as provided in the preceding sentence, or if the
Company instructs the Bid Solicitation Agent to obtain bids and the Bid Solicitation Agent fails to make such determination, or (y) the
Company is acting as Bid Solicitation Agent and the Company fails to make such determination when obligated as provided in the preceding
sentence, then, in either case, the Trading Price per $1,000 in principal amount of Notes shall be deemed to be less than 98% of the product
of the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock and the Conversion Rate on each Trading Day of such failure. If the Trading Price
Condition set forth above has been met, the Company shall so notify the Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the
Trustee) in writing. Any such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error. If, at any time after the Trading Price Condition
set forth above has been met, the Trading Price per $1,000 in principal amount of Notes is greater than or equal to 98% of the product
of the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock and the Conversion Rate for such date, the Company shall so notify the Holders of
the Notes, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) in writing. The Company may replace the Bid Solicitation Agent
with any Person by written notice to the Trustee and the Holders. Neither the Trustee nor the Conversion Agent shall have any duty to
determine or verify the Companys determination of whether the Trading Price Condition has been met.

(ii)If, prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding December 15, 2029, the Company elects to:

(A)issue to all or substantially all holders of the Common Stock any rights, options or warrants (other than in connection with a
stockholder rights plan prior to the separation of such rights from the Common Stock) entitling them, for a period of not more than 45
calendar days after the announcement date of such issuance, to subscribe for or purchase shares of the Common Stock at a price per share
that is less than the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock for the 10 consecutive Trading Day period ending on,
and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of announcement of such issuance; or

60 

(B)distribute to all or substantially all holders of the Common Stock the Companys assets, securities or rights to purchase
securities of the Company (other than in connection with a stockholder rights plan prior to the separation of such rights from the Common
Stock), which distribution has a per share value, as reasonably determined by the Board of Directors, exceeding 10% of the Last Reported
Sale Price of the Common Stock on the Trading Day preceding the date of announcement for such distribution,

then, in either case, the Company shall notify all Holders of the Notes, the
Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) at least 55 Scheduled Trading Days prior to the Ex-Dividend Date for such
issuance or distribution (or, if later in the case of any such separation of rights issued pursuant to a stockholder rights plan, as soon
as reasonably practicable after the Company becomes aware that such separation or relevant triggering event has occurred or will occur).
Once the Company has given such notice, a Holder may surrender all or any portion of its Notes for conversion at any time until the earlier
of (1) the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the Ex-Dividend Date for such issuance or distribution and (2)
the Companys announcement that such issuance or distribution will not take place, in each case, even if the Notes are not otherwise
convertible at such time. A Holder of the Notes may not exercise its conversion right under this Section 14.01(b)(ii) if such Holder participates,
at the same time and upon the same terms as holders of the Common Stock and solely as a result of holding the Notes, in any such issuance
or distribution without having to convert its Notes as if such Holder held a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Conversion
Rate, multiplied by the principal amount (expressed in thousands) of Notes held by such Holder. Neither the Trustee nor the Conversion
Agent shall have any duty to determine or verify the Companys determination of whether an issuance or distribution described in
this clause (ii) has occurred.

(iii)If a transaction or event that constitutes a Fundamental Change or a Make-Whole Fundamental Change occurs prior to the close of
business on the Business Day immediately preceding December 15, 2029, regardless of whether a Holder has the right to require the Company
to repurchase the Notes pursuant to Section 15.02, or if the Company is a party to a consolidation, merger, binding share exchange, or
transfer or lease of all or substantially all of its assets (other than a transaction that is solely for the purpose of changing the Companys
jurisdiction of organization that (1) does not constitute a Fundamental Change or a Make-Whole Fundamental Change and (2) results in a
reclassification, conversion or exchange of outstanding shares of the Common Stock solely into shares of common stock of the surviving
entity and such common stock becomes Reference Property for the Notes) that occurs prior to the close of business on the Business Day
immediately preceding December 15, 2029, in each case, pursuant to which the Common Stock would be converted into cash, securities or
other assets, all or any portion of a Holders Notes may be surrendered for conversion at any time from or after the effective date
of such transaction until the earlier of (i) 35 Trading Days after the actual effective date of such transaction (or, if the Company gives
notice to the Holders of the Notes after the actual effective date of such transaction, 35 Trading Days after the date the Company gives
notice to the Holders of the Notes of such transaction) or, if such transaction also constitutes a Fundamental Change, until the related
Fundamental Change Repurchase Date or (ii) the close of business on the second Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the Maturity
Date. The Company shall notify in writing Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) as promptly as practicable
but in any event no later than two Business Days after the effective date of such transaction. Neither the Trustee nor the Conversion
Agent shall have any duty to determine or verify the Companys determination of whether a Fundamental Change or a Make-Whole Fundamental
Change has occurred.

61 

(iv)Prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding December 15, 2029, a Holder may surrender all or any portion
of its Notes for conversion at any time during any calendar quarter commencing after the calendar quarter ending on June 30, 2025 (and
only during such calendar quarter), if the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock for at least 20 Trading Days (whether or not consecutive)
during the period of 30 consecutive Trading Days ending on, and including, the last Trading Day of the immediately preceding calendar
quarter is greater than or equal to 150% of the Conversion Price on each applicable Trading Day as determined by the Company. The Company
shall determine at the beginning of each calendar quarter commencing after June 30, 2025 whether the Notes may be surrendered for conversion
in accordance with this clause (iv) and shall notify in writing the Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee)
if the Notes become convertible in accordance with this clause (iv). Neither the Trustee nor the Conversion Agent shall have any duty
to determine or verify the Companys determination of whether the condition set forth in this clause (iv) has been met.

(v)If the Company calls any or all of the Notes for redemption pursuant to Article 16, then a Holder may surrender all or any portion
of its Notes for conversion at any time prior to the close of business on the Scheduled Trading Day prior to the Redemption Date, even
if the Notes are not otherwise convertible at such time. After that time, the right to convert shall expire, unless the Company defaults
in the payment of the Redemption Price, in which case a Holder of Notes may convert its Notes until the date on which the Redemption Price
has been paid or duly provided for.

Section 14.02. Conversion Procedure; Settlement Upon Conversion.

(a)Subject to this Section 14.02, Section
14.03(b) and Section 14.07(a), upon conversion of any Note, the Company shall pay and,
if applicable, deliver, as the case may be, to the converting Holder, in respect of each $1,000 in principal amount of Notes being converted,
a Settlement Amount equal to the sum of the Daily Settlement Amounts for each of the 50 Trading Days during the relevant
Observation Period, together with cash, if applicable, in lieu of delivering any fractional share of Common Stock in accordance with subsection
(j) of this Section 14.02.

62 

(i)All conversions for which the relevant Conversion Date occurs after the Companys issuance of a Notice of Redemption with
respect to the Notes and prior to the related Redemption Date, and all conversions for which the relevant Conversion Date occurs on or
after December 15, 2029, shall be settled using the same Cash Percentage. Except for any conversions for which the relevant Conversion
Date occurs after the Companys issuance of a Notice of Redemption with respect to the Notes but prior to the related Redemption
Date and any conversions for which the relevant Conversion Date occurs on or after December 15, 2029, the Company shall use the same Cash
Percentage for all conversions with the same Conversion Date, but the Company shall not have any obligation to use the same Cash Percentage
with respect to conversions with different Conversion Dates. If, in respect of any Conversion Date (or one of the periods described in
the third immediately succeeding set of parentheses, as the case may be), the Company elects to settle all or a portion of its Conversion
Obligation in excess of the principal amount of the Notes being converted in cash in respect of such Conversion Date (or such period,
as the case may be), the Company (or the Trustee, upon the written request of the Company) shall inform converting Holders of such election
(the Settlement Notice) no later than the close of business on the Trading Day immediately following the related
Conversion Date (or, in the case of any conversions for which the relevant Conversion Date occurs (i) after the date of issuance of a
Notice of Redemption with respect to the Notes and prior to the related Redemption Date, in such Notice of Redemption or (ii) on or after
December 15, 2029, no later than December 15, 2029) and the Company shall indicate in such Settlement Notice the percentage of the consideration
due upon conversion in excess of the principal portion of the Notes being converted that will be paid in cash (the Cash Percentage).
If the relevant Holders are not informed of a Cash Percentage prior to the deadline set forth in the immediately preceding sentence, the
Company shall no longer have the right to elect a Cash Percentage, the Company shall be deemed to have elected a Cash Percentage of 0%
and the Company shall settle its Conversion Obligation by paying cash in respect of the principal portion of the converted Notes and delivering
shares of Common Stock in respect of the remainder, if any, of its Conversion Obligation in excess of the aggregate principal portion
of the Notes being converted as set forth herein (subject to Section 14.02(j)). At the time that the Company informs the Holders of any
election pursuant to the second immediately preceding sentence, the Company shall send a copy of the Settlement Notice to the Trustee
and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee). For the avoidance of doubt, failure to deliver a Settlement Notice to the Trustee
or the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) shall not affect the right of the Company to elect a Cash Percentage or the validity
or sufficiency of any such election made in accordance with the second and third immediately preceding sentences.

(ii)For any conversion of Notes, the Daily Settlement Amounts, the Daily Net Settlement Amounts, the Daily Conversion Values and the
Settlement Amount shall be determined by the Company promptly following the last day of the relevant Observation Period. Promptly after
such determination of the Daily Settlement Amounts, the Daily Net Settlement Amounts, the Daily Conversion Values and the Settlement Amount,
as the case may be, and the amount of cash payable in lieu of delivering any fractional share of Common Stock, the Company shall notify
the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) of the Daily Settlement Amounts, the Daily Net Settlement Amounts, the
Daily Conversion Values and the Settlement Amount, as the case may be, and the amount of cash payable in lieu of delivering fractional
shares of Common Stock. The Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) shall have no responsibility for any such determination.

63 

(b)Subject to Section 14.02(e), before any Holder of a Note shall be entitled to convert a Note as set forth above, such Holder shall
(i) in the case of a Global Note, comply with the procedures of the Depositary in effect at that time and, if required, pay funds equal
to interest payable on the next Interest Payment Date to which such Holder is not entitled as set forth in Section 14.02(h) and (ii) in
the case of a Physical Note (1) complete, manually sign and deliver an irrevocable notice to the Conversion Agent as set forth in the
Form of Notice of Conversion (or a facsimile, PDF or other electronic transmission thereof) (a notice pursuant to the applicable procedures
of the Depositary or a notice as set forth in the Form of Notice of Conversion, a Notice of Conversion) at the office
of the Conversion Agent and state in writing therein the principal amount of Notes to be converted and the name or names (with addresses)
in which such Holder wishes the certificate or certificates for any shares of Common Stock to be delivered upon settlement of the Conversion
Obligation to be registered, (2) surrender such Notes, duly endorsed to the Company or in blank (and accompanied by appropriate endorsement
and transfer documents), at the corporate trust office of the Conversion Agent, (3) if required, furnish appropriate endorsements and
transfer documents, (4) if required, pay funds equal to interest payable on the next Interest Payment Date to which such Holder is not
entitled as set forth in Section 14.02(h), and (5) if required, pay all transfer or similar taxes, if any, pursuant to Section 14.02(e).
The Trustee (and if different, the Conversion Agent) shall notify the Company of any conversion pursuant to this Article 14 on the Conversion
Date for such conversion. No Notice of Conversion with respect to any Notes may be surrendered by a Holder thereof if such Holder has
also delivered a Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice to the Company in respect of such Notes and has not validly withdrawn such Fundamental
Change Repurchase Notice in accordance with Section 15.03.

If more than one Note shall be surrendered for conversion at one time by
the same Holder, the Conversion Obligation with respect to such Notes shall be computed on the basis of the aggregate principal amount
of the Notes (or specified portions thereof to the extent permitted thereby) so surrendered.

(c)A Note shall be deemed to have been converted immediately prior to the close of business on the date (the Conversion
Date) that the Holder has complied with the requirements set forth in subsection (b) above. Except as set forth in Section
14.03(b) and Section 14.07(a), the Company shall pay and deliver, as the case may be,
the consideration due in respect of the Conversion Obligation on the second Business Day immediately following the last Trading Day of
the relevant Observation Period. If any shares of Common Stock are due to a converting Holder, the Company shall issue or cause to be
issued, and deliver (if applicable) to the Conversion Agent or to such Holder, or such Holders nominee or nominees, the full number
of shares of Common Stock to which such Holder shall be entitled, in book-entry format through the Depositary, in satisfaction of the
Companys Conversion Obligation.

64 

(d)In case any Note shall be surrendered for partial conversion, the Company shall execute and, upon receipt of a Company Order, the
Trustee shall authenticate and deliver to or upon the written order of the Holder of the Note so surrendered a new Note or Notes in authorized
denominations in an aggregate principal amount equal to the unconverted portion of the surrendered Note, without payment of any service
charge by the converting Holder but, if required by the Company, the Conversion Agent or Trustee, with payment of a sum sufficient to
cover any documentary, stamp or similar issue or transfer tax or similar governmental charge required by law or that may be imposed in
connection therewith as a result of the name of the Holder of the new Notes issued upon such conversion being different from the name
of the Holder of the old Notes surrendered for such conversion.

(e)If a Holder submits a Note for conversion, the Company shall pay any documentary, stamp or similar issue or transfer tax due on
the issue or delivery of any shares of Common Stock upon conversion, unless the tax is due because the Holder requests such shares to
be issued in a name other than the Holders name, in which case the Holder shall pay that tax. The Conversion Agent may refuse to
deliver or refuse to instruct the stock transfer agent to deliver the certificates representing the shares of Common Stock being issued
in a name other than the Holders name until the Trustee receives a sum sufficient to pay any tax that is due by such Holder in
accordance with the immediately preceding sentence.

(f)Except as provided in Section 14.04, no adjustment shall be made for dividends on any shares of Common Stock issued upon the conversion
of any Note as provided in this Article 14.

(g)Upon the conversion of an interest in a Global Note, the Trustee, or the Custodian at the direction of the Trustee, shall make
a notation on such Global Note as to the reduction in the principal amount represented thereby. The Company shall notify the Trustee in
writing of any conversion of Notes effected through any Conversion Agent other than the Trustee.

(h)Upon conversion, a Holder shall not receive any separate cash payment or shares of Common Stock for accrued and unpaid interest,
if any, except as set forth below. The Companys settlement of the full Conversion Obligation shall be deemed to satisfy in full
its obligation to pay the principal amount of the Note and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the relevant Conversion
Date. As a result, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the relevant Conversion Date shall be deemed to be paid
in full rather than cancelled, extinguished or forfeited. Upon a conversion of Notes, accrued and unpaid interest will be deemed to be
paid first out of the cash paid upon such conversion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Notes are converted after the close of business
on a Regular Record Date, Holders of such Notes as of the close of business on such Regular Record Date will receive the full amount of
interest payable on such Notes on the corresponding Interest Payment Date

65 

notwithstanding the conversion. Notes surrendered for conversion
during the period from the close of business on any Regular Record Date to the open of business on the immediately following Interest
Payment Date must be accompanied by funds equal to the amount of interest payable on the Notes so converted on the corresponding Interest
Payment Date; provided that no such payment shall be required (1) for conversions following the Regular Record Date immediately
preceding the Maturity Date; (2) if the Company has specified a Redemption Date that is after a Regular Record Date and on or prior to
the Business Day immediately following the corresponding Interest Payment Date; (3) if the Company has specified a Fundamental Change
Repurchase Date that is after a Regular Record Date and on or prior to the Business Day immediately following the corresponding Interest
Payment Date; or (4) to the extent of any Defaulted Amounts, if any Defaulted Amounts exists at the time of conversion with respect to
such Note. Therefore, for the avoidance of doubt, all Holders of record on the Regular Record Date immediately preceding the Maturity
Date, any Redemption Date described in clause (2) above or any Fundamental Change Repurchase Date described in clause (3) above shall,
in each case, receive the full interest payment due on the Maturity Date or the applicable Interest Payment Date, as the case may be,
in cash regardless of whether their Notes have been converted following such Regular Record Date.

(i)The Person in whose name the shares of Common Stock shall be issuable upon conversion shall be treated as a stockholder of record
as of the close of business on the last Trading Day of the related Observation Period. Upon a conversion of Notes, such Person shall no
longer be a Holder of such Notes surrendered for conversion.

(j)The Company shall not issue any fractional share of Common Stock upon conversion of the Notes and shall instead pay cash in lieu
of delivering any fractional share of Common Stock issuable upon conversion based on the Daily VWAP for the last Trading Day of the relevant
Observation Period. For each Note surrendered for conversion, the full number of shares that shall be issued upon conversion thereof shall
be computed on the basis of the aggregate Daily Settlement Amounts for the relevant Observation Period and any fractional shares remaining
after such computation shall be paid in cash.

Section 14.03. Increased Conversion Rate Applicable to Certain Notes
Surrendered in Connection with Make-Whole Fundamental Changes or a Notice of Redemption. (a) If (x) the Effective Date of a Make-Whole
Fundamental Change occurs prior to the Maturity Date or (y) the Company gives a Notice of Redemption to the Holders of the Notes with
respect to any or all of the Notes in accordance with Section 16.02 and, in each case, a Holder elects to convert its Notes in connection
with such Make-Whole Fundamental Change or Notice of Redemption, as the case may be, the Company shall, under the circumstances described
below, increase the Conversion Rate for the Notes so surrendered for conversion by a number of additional shares of Common Stock (the
Additional Shares), as described below. A conversion of Notes shall be deemed for these purposes to be in
connection with such Make-Whole Fundamental Change if the relevant Notice of Conversion is received by the Conversion Agent during
the related Make-Whole Fundamental Change Period. A conversion of Notes shall be deemed for these purposes to be in connection
with a Notice of Redemption if the relevant Conversion Date occurs during the period from, and including, the date of the Notice
of Redemption with respect to such Notes until the close of business on the Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the Redemption
Date.

66 

(b)Upon surrender of Notes for conversion in connection with a Make-Whole Fundamental Change or Notice of Redemption, the Company
shall satisfy the related Conversion Obligation in accordance with Section 14.02 based on the Conversion Rate as increased to reflect
the Additional Shares pursuant to the table set forth in Section 14.03(e) below; provided, however, that if, at the effective
time of a Make-Whole Fundamental Change described in clause (b) of the definition of Fundamental Change, the Reference Property following
such Make-Whole Fundamental Change is composed entirely of cash, for any conversion of Notes following the Effective Date of such Make-Whole
Fundamental Change, the Conversion Obligation shall be calculated based solely on the Stock Price for the transaction and shall be deemed
to be an amount of cash per $1,000 in principal amount of converted Notes equal to the Conversion Rate (including any adjustment for Additional
Shares), multiplied by such Stock Price. In such event, the Conversion Obligation will be determined and paid to Holders in cash
on the second Business Day following the Conversion Date. The Company shall notify the Holders of Notes, the Trustee and the Conversion
Agent (if other than the Trustee) of the Effective Date of any Make-Whole Fundamental Change and issue a press release announcing such
Effective Date no later than five Business Days after such Effective Date. If a conversion of Notes in connection with a
Notice of Redemption shall also be deemed to be a conversion in connection with a Make-Whole Fundamental Change, a Holder
of any such Notes to be converted shall be entitled to a single increase to the Conversion Rate with respect to the first to occur of
the Effective Date of the Notice of Redemption or the Effective Date of the Make-Whole Fundamental Change, as applicable, and the later
event shall be deemed not to have occurred.

(c)The number of Additional Shares, if any, by which the Conversion Rate shall be increased for conversions in connection with
a Make-Whole Fundamental Change or a Notice of Redemption shall be determined by reference to the table below, based on the date on which
the Make-Whole Fundamental Change occurs or becomes effective or the date of the Notice of Redemption, as the case may be, (in each case,
the Effective Date) and the price (the Stock Price) paid (or deemed to be paid) per share of
the Common Stock in the Make-Whole Fundamental Change or with respect to the Optional Redemption, as the case may be. If the holders of
the Common Stock receive in exchange for their Common Stock only cash in a Make-Whole Fundamental Change described in clause (b) of the
definition of Fundamental Change, the Stock Price shall be the cash amount paid per share. Otherwise, the Stock Price shall be the average
of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock over the five Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately
preceding the Effective Date of the Make-Whole Fundamental Change or the date of the Notice of Redemption, as the case may be. The Board
of Directors shall make appropriate adjustments to the Stock Price, in its good faith determination, to account for any adjustment to
the Conversion Rate that becomes effective, or any event requiring an adjustment to the Conversion Rate where the Ex-Dividend Date, Effective
Date (as such term is used in Section 14.04) or expiration date of the event occurs during such five consecutive Trading Day period.

67 

(d)The Stock Prices set forth in the column headings of the table below shall be adjusted as of any date on which the Conversion Rate
of the Notes is otherwise adjusted. The adjusted Stock Prices shall equal the Stock Prices applicable immediately prior to such adjustment,
multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the Conversion Rate immediately prior to such adjustment giving rise to the
Stock Price adjustment and the denominator of which is the Conversion Rate as so adjusted. The number of Additional Shares set forth in
the table below shall be adjusted in the same manner and at the same time as the Conversion Rate as set forth in Section 14.04.

(e)The following table sets forth the number of Additional Shares of Common Stock by which the Conversion Rate shall be increased
per $1,000 in principal amount of Notes pursuant to this Section 14.03 for each Stock Price and Effective Date set forth below:

Stock Price

Effective Date

$118.40

$128.00

$138.00

$150.96

$170.00

$190.00

$211.34

$240.00

$280.00

$330.00

$390.00

$460.00

$550.00

$660.00

March 18, 2025 1.8216 1.5044 1.2441 0.9856 0.7178 0.5297 0.3943 0.2758 0.1772 0.1080 0.0617 0.0313 0.0106 0.0000

March 15, 2026 1.8216 1.4784 1.2023 0.9319 0.6579 0.4715 0.3418 0.2328 0.1462 0.0881 0.0501 0.0252 0.0082 0.0000

March 15, 2027 1.8216 1.4221 1.1286 0.8464 0.5696 0.3900 0.2717 0.1783 0.1094 0.0655 0.0373 0.0186 0.0056 0.0000

March 15, 2028 1.8216 1.3466 1.0267 0.7277 0.4502 0.2847 0.1860 0.1163 0.0705 0.0431 0.0251 0.0124 0.0032 0.0000

March 15, 2029 1.8216 1.2452 0.8747 0.5462 0.2766 0.1465 0.0857 0.0519 0.0331 0.0215 0.0130 0.0063 0.0013 0.0000

March 15, 2030 1.8216 1.1882 0.6221 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000

The exact Stock Price and Effective Date may not be set forth in the table
above, in which case:

(i)if the Stock Price is between two Stock Prices in the table above or the Effective Date is between two Effective Dates in the table
above, the number of Additional Shares shall be determined by a straight-line interpolation between the number of Additional Shares set
forth for the higher and lower Stock Prices and the earlier and later Effective Dates, as applicable, based on a 365-day or 366-day year,
as the case may be;

(ii)if the Stock Price is greater than $660.00 per share (subject to adjustment in the same manner as the Stock Prices set forth in
the column headings of the table above pursuant to subsection (d) above), no Additional Shares shall be added to the Conversion Rate;
and

(iii)if the Stock Price is less than $118.40 per share (subject to adjustment in the same manner as the Stock Prices set forth in the
column headings of the table above pursuant to subsection (d) above), no Additional Shares shall be added to the Conversion Rate.

68 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Conversion Rate per $1,000
in principal amount of Notes exceed 8.4459 shares of Common Stock, subject to adjustment in the same manner as the Conversion Rate pursuant
to Section 14.04 (the Maximum Conversion Rate).

(f)Nothing in this Section 14.03 shall prevent an adjustment to the Conversion Rate pursuant to Section 14.04 in respect of a Make-Whole
Fundamental Change.

Section 14.04. Adjustment of Conversion Rate. The Conversion Rate
shall be adjusted from time to time by the Company if any of the following events occurs, except that the Company shall not make any adjustments
to the Conversion Rate if Holders of the Notes participate (other than in the case of (x) a share split or share combination or (y) a
tender or exchange offer), at the same time and upon the same terms as holders of the Common Stock and solely as a result of holding the
Notes, in any of the transactions described in this Section 14.04, without having to convert their Notes, as if they held a number of
shares of Common Stock equal to the Conversion Rate, multiplied by the principal amount (expressed in thousands) of Notes held
by such Holder.

(a)If the Company exclusively issues shares of Common Stock as a dividend or distribution on shares of the Common Stock, or if the
Company effects a share split or share combination, the Conversion Rate shall be adjusted based on the following formula:

where,

CR0 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date of such dividend or distribution, or immediately prior to the open of business on the Effective Date of such share split or share combination, as applicable;

CR' = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the open of business on such Ex-Dividend Date or Effective Date;

OS0 = the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the open of business on such Ex-Dividend Date or Effective Date (before giving effect to any such dividend, distribution, split or combination); and

OS' = the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such dividend, distribution, share split or share combination.

Any adjustment made under this Section 14.04(a) shall become effective immediately
after the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such dividend or distribution, or immediately after the open of business on the
Effective Date for such share split or share combination, as applicable. If any dividend or distribution of the type described in this
Section 14.04(a) is declared but not so paid or made, the Conversion Rate shall be immediately readjusted, effective as of the date the
Board of Directors determines not to pay such dividend or distribution, to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such dividend
or distribution had not been declared.

69 

(b)If the Company issues to all or substantially all holders of the Common Stock any rights, options or warrants (other than pursuant
to a stockholder rights plan) entitling them, for a period of not more than 45 calendar days after the announcement date of such issuance,
to subscribe for or purchase shares of the Common Stock at a price per share that is less than the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices
of the Common Stock for the 10 consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the date
of announcement of such issuance, the Conversion Rate shall be increased based on the following formula:

where,

CR0 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such issuance;

CR' = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the open of business on such Ex-Dividend Date;

OS0 = the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the open of business on such Ex-Dividend Date;

X = the total number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to such rights, options or warrants; and

Y = the number of shares of Common Stock equal to the aggregate price payable to exercise such rights, options or warrants, divided bythe average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock over the 10 consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of announcement of the issuance of such rights, options or warrants.

Any increase made under this Section 14.04(b) shall be made successively whenever
any such rights, options or warrants are issued and shall become effective immediately after the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date
for such issuance. To the extent that shares of the Common Stock are not delivered after the expiration of such rights, options or warrants,
the Conversion Rate shall be decreased to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect had the increase with respect to the issuance
of such rights, options or warrants been made on the basis of delivery of only the number of shares of Common Stock actually delivered.
If such rights, options or warrants are not so issued, the Conversion Rate shall be decreased to the Conversion Rate that would then be
in effect if such Ex-Dividend Date for such issuance had not occurred.

70 

For purposes of this Section 14.04(b) and for the purpose of Section 14.01(b)(ii)(A),
in determining whether any rights, options or warrants entitle the holders to subscribe for or purchase shares of the Common Stock at
less than such average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock for the 10 consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including,
the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of announcement for such issuance, and in determining the aggregate offering price of such
shares of Common Stock, there shall be taken into account any consideration received by the Company for such rights, options or warrants
and any amount payable on exercise or conversion thereof, the value of such consideration, if other than cash, to be determined by the
Board of Directors.

(c)If the Company distributes shares of its Capital Stock, evidences of its indebtedness, other assets or property of the Company
or rights, options or warrants to acquire its Capital Stock or other securities, to all or substantially all holders of the Common Stock,
excluding (i) dividends, distributions or issuances as to which an adjustment was effected (or would have been effected but for the 1%
Exception) pursuant to Section 14.04(a) or Section 14.04(b), (ii) dividends or distributions paid exclusively in cash as to which the
provisions set forth in Section 14.04(d) shall apply, and (iii) Spin-Offs as to which the provisions set forth below in this Section 14.04(c)
shall apply (any of such shares of Capital Stock, evidences of indebtedness, other assets or property or rights, options or warrants to
acquire Capital Stock or other securities, the Distributed Property), then the Conversion Rate shall be increased
based on the following formula:

where,

CR0 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution;

CR' = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the open of business on such Ex-Dividend Date;

SP0 = the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock over the 10 consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution; and

FMV = the fair market value (as determined by the Board of Directors) of the Distributed Property with respect to each outstanding share of the Common Stock on the Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution.

71 

Any increase made under the portion of this Section 14.04(c) above shall become
effective immediately after the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution. If such distribution is not so paid or
made, the Conversion Rate shall be decreased to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such distribution had not been declared.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if FMV (as defined above) is equal to or greater than SP0 (as defined
above), in lieu of the foregoing increase, each Holder of a Note shall receive, in respect of each $1,000 in principal amount thereof,
at the same time and upon the same terms as holders of the Common Stock receive the Distributed Property and without having to convert
its Notes, the amount and kind of Distributed Property such Holder would have received if such Holder owned a number of shares of Common
Stock equal to the Conversion Rate in effect on the Ex-Dividend Date for the distribution. If the Board of Directors determines the FMV
(as defined above) of any distribution for purposes of this Section 14.04(c) by reference to the actual or when-issued trading market
for any securities, it shall in doing so consider the prices in such market over the same period used in computing the Last Reported Sale
Prices of the Common Stock over the 10 consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding
the Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution.

With respect to an adjustment pursuant to this Section 14.04(c) where there
has been a payment of a dividend or other distribution on the Common Stock of shares of Capital Stock of any class or series, or similar
equity interest, of or relating to a Subsidiary or other business unit of the Company, that are, or, when issued, will be, listed or admitted
for trading on a U.S. national securities exchange (a Spin-Off), the Conversion Rate shall be increased based on
the following formula:

where,

CR0 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the end of the Valuation Period;

CR' = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the end of the Valuation Period;

FMV0 = the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Capital Stock or similar equity interest distributed to holders of the Common Stock applicable to one share of the Common Stock (determined by reference to the definition of Last Reported Sale Price as set forth in Section 1.01 as if references therein to Common Stock were to such Capital Stock or similar equity interest) over the first 10 consecutive Trading Day period after, and including, the Ex-Dividend Date of the Spin-Off (the Valuation Period); and

MP0 = the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock over the Valuation Period.

The increase to the Conversion Rate under the preceding paragraph shall
occur at the close of business on the last Trading Day of the Valuation Period; provided that for any Trading Day that falls within
the relevant Observation Period for such conversion and within the Valuation Period, the references to 10 in the preceding
paragraph shall be deemed to be replaced with such lesser number of Trading Days as have elapsed from, and including, the Ex-Dividend
Date of such Spin-Off to, and including, such Trading Day in determining the Conversion Rate as of such Trading Day.

72 

For purposes of this Section 14.04(c) (and subject in all respect to Section
14.11), rights, options or warrants distributed by the Company to all holders of the Common Stock entitling them to subscribe for or purchase
shares of the Companys Capital Stock, including Common Stock (either initially or under certain circumstances), which rights, options
or warrants, until the occurrence of a specified event or events (Trigger Event): (i) are deemed to be transferred
with such shares of the Common Stock; (ii) are not exercisable; and (iii) are also issued in respect of future issuances of the Common
Stock, shall be deemed not to have been distributed for purposes of this Section 14.04(c) (and no adjustment to the Conversion Rate under
this Section 14.04(c) will be required) until the occurrence of the earliest Trigger Event, whereupon such rights, options or warrants
shall be deemed to have been distributed and an appropriate adjustment (if any is required) to the Conversion Rate shall be made under
this Section 14.04(c). If any such right, option or warrant, including any such existing rights, options or warrants distributed prior
to the date of this Indenture, are subject to events, upon the occurrence of which such rights, options or warrants become exercisable
to purchase different securities, evidences of indebtedness or other assets, then the date of the occurrence of any and each such event
shall be deemed to be the date of distribution and Ex-Dividend Date with respect to new rights, options or warrants with such rights (in
which case the existing rights, options or warrants shall be deemed to terminate and expire on such date without exercise by any of the
holders thereof). In addition, in the event of any distribution (or deemed distribution) of rights, options or warrants, or any Trigger
Event or other event (of the type described in the immediately preceding sentence) with respect thereto that was counted for purposes
of calculating a distribution amount for which an adjustment to the Conversion Rate under this Section 14.04(c) was made, (1) in the case
of any such rights, options or warrants that shall all have been redeemed or purchased without exercise by any holders thereof, upon such
final redemption or purchase (x) the Conversion Rate shall be readjusted as if such rights, options or warrants had not been issued and
(y) the Conversion Rate shall then again be readjusted to give effect to such distribution, deemed distribution or Trigger Event, as the
case may be, as though it were a cash distribution, equal to the per share redemption or purchase price received by a holder or holders
of Common Stock with respect to such rights, options or warrants (assuming such holder had retained such rights, options or warrants),
made to all holders of Common Stock as of the date of such redemption or purchase, and (2) in the case of such rights, options or warrants
that shall have expired or been terminated without exercise by any holders thereof, the Conversion Rate shall be readjusted as if such
rights, options and warrants had not been issued.

For purposes of Section 14.04(a), Section 14.04(b) and this Section 14.04(c),
if any dividend or distribution to which this Section 14.04(c) is applicable also includes one or both of:

(A) a dividend or distribution
of shares of Common Stock to which Section 14.04(a) is applicable (the Clause A Distribution); or

73 

(B) a dividend or distribution
of rights, options or warrants to which Section 14.04(b) is applicable (the Clause B Distribution),

then, in either case, (1) such dividend or distribution, other than the Clause
A Distribution and the Clause B Distribution, shall be deemed to be a dividend or distribution to which this Section 14.04(c) is applicable
(the Clause C Distribution) and any Conversion Rate adjustment required by this Section 14.04(c) with respect to
such Clause C Distribution shall then be made, and (2) the Clause A Distribution and Clause B Distribution shall be deemed to immediately
follow the Clause C Distribution and any Conversion Rate adjustment required by Section 14.04(a) and Section 14.04(b) with respect thereto
shall then be made, except that, if determined by the Company (I) the Ex-Dividend Date of the Clause A Distribution and
the Clause B Distribution shall be deemed to be the Ex-Dividend Date of the Clause C Distribution and (II) any shares of Common Stock
included in the Clause A Distribution or Clause B Distribution shall be deemed not to be outstanding immediately prior to the open
of business on such Ex-Dividend Date or Effective Date within the meaning of Section 14.04(a) or outstanding immediately
prior to the open of business on such Ex-Dividend Date within the meaning of Section 14.04(b).

(d)If any cash dividend or distribution is made to all or substantially all holders of the Common Stock, the Conversion Rate shall
be adjusted based on the following formula:

where,

CR0 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such dividend or distribution;

CR' = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such dividend or distribution;

SP0 = the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding the Ex-Dividend Date for such dividend or distribution; and

C = the amount in cash per share the Company distributes to all or substantially all holders of the Common Stock.

Any increase pursuant to this Section 14.04(d) shall become effective immediately after the
open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such dividend or distribution. If such dividend or distribution is not so paid, the Conversion
Rate shall be decreased, effective as of the date the Board of Directors determines not to make or pay such dividend or distribution,
to be the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such dividend or distribution had not been declared. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if C (as defined above) is equal to or greater than SP0 (as defined above), in lieu of the foregoing
increase, each Holder of a Note shall receive, for each $1,000 in principal amount of Notes, at the same time and upon the same terms
as holders of shares of the Common Stock and without having to convert its Notes, the amount of cash that such Holder would have received
if such Holder owned a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Conversion Rate on the Ex-Dividend Date for such cash dividend or
distribution.

74 

(e)If the Company or any of its Subsidiaries make a payment in respect of a tender or exchange offer for the Common Stock that is
subject to then-applicable tender offer rules under the Exchange Act (other than any odd-lot tender offer), to the extent that the cash
and value of any other consideration included in the payment per share of the Common Stock exceeds the average of the Last Reported Sale
Prices of the Common Stock over the 10 consecutive Trading Day period commencing on, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the
last date on which tenders or exchanges may be made pursuant to such tender or exchange offer, the Conversion Rate shall be increased
based on the following formula:

where,

CR0 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the close of business on the 10th Trading Day immediately following, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the date such tender or exchange offer expires;

CR' = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the close of business on the 10th Trading Day immediately following, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the date such tender or exchange offer expires;

AC = the aggregate value of all cash and any other consideration (as determined by the Board of Directors) paid or payable for shares of Common Stock purchased in such tender or exchange offer;

OS0 = the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the date such tender or exchange offer expires (prior to giving effect to the purchase of all shares of Common Stock accepted for purchase or exchange in such tender or exchange offer);

OS' = the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after the date such tender or exchange offer expires (after giving effect to the purchase of all shares of Common Stock accepted for purchase or exchange in such tender or exchange offer); and

SP' = the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock over the 10 consecutive Trading Day period commencing on, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the date such tender or exchange offer expires.

The increase to the Conversion Rate under this Section 14.04(e) shall occur
at the close of business on the 10th Trading Day immediately following, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the date such tender
or exchange offer expires; provided that for any Trading Day that falls within the relevant Observation Period for such conversion
and within the 10 Trading Days immediately following, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the expiration date of any tender
or exchange offer, references to 10 or 10th in the preceding paragraph shall be deemed replaced with such
lesser number of Trading Days as have elapsed from, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the expiration date of such tender
or exchange offer to, and including, such Trading Day in determining the Conversion Rate as of such Trading Day.

75 

If the Company is obligated to purchase shares of Common Stock pursuant
to any such tender or exchange offer described in Section 14.04(e) but is permanently prevented by applicable law from effecting any such
purchase or all such purchases are rescinded, the applicable Conversion Rate will be readjusted to be the Conversion Rate that would then
be in effect if such tender or exchange offer had not been made or had been made only in respect of the purchases that have been made.

(f)[Reserved].

(g)Except as stated herein, the Company shall not adjust the Conversion Rate for the issuance of shares of the Common Stock or any
securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of the Common Stock or the right to purchase shares of the Common Stock or such
convertible or exchangeable securities.

(h)In addition to those adjustments required by clauses (a), (b), (c), (d) and (e) of this Section 14.04, and to the extent permitted
by law and the rules of The New York Stock Exchange and any other securities exchange on which any of the Companys securities are
then listed, the Company from time to time may increase the Conversion Rate by any amount for a period of at least 20 Business Days if
the Company determines that such increase would be in the Companys best interest. In addition, to the extent permitted by applicable
law and subject to the applicable rules of The New York Stock Exchange and any other securities exchange on which any of the Companys
securities are then listed, the Company may (but is not required to) increase the Conversion Rate to avoid or diminish any income tax
to holders of Common Stock or rights to purchase Common Stock in connection with a dividend or distribution of shares of Common Stock
(or rights to acquire shares of Common Stock) or similar event. Whenever the Conversion Rate is increased pursuant to either of the preceding
two sentences, the Company shall deliver to the Holder of each Note, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee)
a notice of the increase at least 15 days prior to the date the increased Conversion Rate takes effect, and such notice shall state the
increased Conversion Rate and the period during which it will be in effect.

(i)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article 14, the Conversion Rate shall not be adjusted:

(i)upon the issuance of any shares of Common Stock at a price below the Conversion Price, other than as described in Sections 14.04(a),
(b) and (c);

(ii)upon the issuance of any shares of Common Stock pursuant to any present or future plan providing for the reinvestment of dividends
or interest payable on the Companys securities and the investment of additional optional amounts in shares of Common Stock under
any plan;

76 

(iii)upon the repurchase of any shares of the Common Stock pursuant to an open-market share repurchase program or other buy-back transaction,
including structured or derivative transactions, that is not a tender offer or exchange offer of the kind described in Section 14.04(e);

(iv)upon the issuance of any shares of Common Stock, restricted stock units or options or rights to purchase those shares pursuant
to any present or future employee, director or consultant benefit plan, incentive plan or program of or assumed by the Company or any
of the Companys Subsidiaries;

(v)upon the issuance of any shares of the Common Stock pursuant to any option, warrant, right or exercisable, exchangeable or convertible
security not described in clause (iv) of this subsection and outstanding as of the date the Notes were first issued (other than a rights
plan as described in Section 14.11);

(vi)for a third-party tender offer by any party other than a tender offer by one or more of the Subsidiaries of the Company;

(vii)solely for a change in the par value of the Common Stock or a change in the Companys jurisdiction of incorporation; or

(viii)for accrued and unpaid interest, if any.

(j)All calculations and other determinations under this Article 14 shall be made by the Company and shall be made to the nearest one-ten
thousandth (1/10,000th) of a share. If an adjustment to the Conversion Rate otherwise required by the provisions described above would
result in a change of less than 1% to the Conversion Rate, then, notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may, at its election by written
notice to the Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) promptly after the date such adjustment is otherwise
required to be made, defer and carry forward such adjustment, except that all such deferred adjustments must be given effect immediately
upon the earliest to occur of the following: (i) when all such deferred adjustments would result in an aggregate change of at least 1%
to the Conversion Rate, (ii) the Conversion Date for any Notes (in the case of any conversion following a replacement of the Common Stock
by Reference Property solely consisting of cash), (iii) each Trading Day of any Observation Period related to any conversion of Notes
(other than as described in clause (ii)), (iv) the effective date of any Fundamental Change or the Effective Date of any Make-Whole Fundamental
Change, (v) on the date the Company sends a Notice of Redemption to the Holders of the Notes for all or any of the Notes and (vi) December 15, 2029,
in each case, unless the adjustment has already been made or is no longer required under this Indenture. The provisions described in the
preceding sentence are referred to as the 1% Exception.

77 

(k)Whenever the Conversion Rate is adjusted as herein provided, the Company shall promptly file with the Trustee (and the Conversion
Agent if not the Trustee) an Officers Certificate setting forth the Conversion Rate after such adjustment and setting forth a brief
statement of the facts requiring such adjustment. Unless and until a Responsible Officer of the Trustee shall have received such Officers
Certificate, the Trustee shall not be deemed to have knowledge of any adjustment of the Conversion Rate and may assume without inquiry
that the last Conversion Rate of which it has knowledge is still in effect. Promptly after delivery of such certificate, the Company shall
prepare a notice of such adjustment of the Conversion Rate setting forth the adjusted Conversion Rate and the date on which each adjustment
becomes effective and shall deliver such notice of such adjustment of the Conversion Rate to each Holder. Failure to deliver such notice
shall not affect the legality or validity of any such adjustment.

(l)For purposes of this Section 14.04, the number of shares of Common Stock at any time outstanding shall not include shares of Common
Stock held in the treasury of the Company so long as the Company does not pay any dividend or make any distribution on shares of Common
Stock held in the treasury of the Company, but shall include shares of Common Stock issuable in respect of scrip certificates issued in
lieu of fractions of shares of Common Stock.

Section 14.05. Adjustments of Prices. Whenever any provision of this
Indenture requires the Company to calculate the Last Reported Sale Prices, the Daily VWAPs, the Daily Conversion Values, the Daily Net
Settlement Amounts or the Daily Settlement Amounts over a span of multiple days (including, without limitation, an Observation Period
and the period for determining the Stock Price for purposes of any conversion in connection with a Make-Whole Fundamental Change or Notice
of Redemption), the Board of Directors shall make appropriate adjustments to each to account for any adjustment to the Conversion Rate
that becomes effective, or any event requiring an adjustment to the Conversion Rate where the Ex-Dividend Date, Effective Date or expiration
date, as the case may be, of the event occurs, at any time during the period when the Last Reported Sale Prices, the Daily VWAPs, the
Daily Conversion Values, the Daily Net Settlement Amounts or the Daily Settlement Amounts are to be calculated.

Section 14.06. Shares to Be Fully Paid. The Company shall provide,
free from preemptive rights, out of its authorized but unissued shares or shares held in treasury, sufficient shares of Common Stock to
provide for conversion of the Notes from time to time as such Notes are presented for conversion (assuming delivery upon conversion of
the Notes of a number of shares of Common Stock per $1,000 in principal amount of Notes equal to the Maximum Conversion Rate).

Section 14.07. Effect of Recapitalizations, Reclassifications and Changes
of the Common Stock.

(a)In the case of:

(i)any recapitalization, reclassification or change of the Common Stock (other than changes resulting from a subdivision or combination
or a change solely in par value),

78 

(ii)any consolidation, merger, combination or similar transaction involving the Company,

(iii)any sale, lease or other transfer to a third party of the consolidated assets of the Company and the Companys Subsidiaries
substantially as an entirety or

(iv)any statutory share exchange,

in each case, as a result of which the Common Stock would be converted into,
or exchanged for, stock, other securities, other property or assets (including cash or any combination thereof) (any such event, a Merger
Event), then, at and after the effective time of such Merger Event, the right to convert each $1,000 in principal amount of
Notes shall be changed into a right to convert such principal amount of Notes into the kind and amount of shares of stock, other securities
or other property or assets (including cash or any combination thereof) that a holder of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the
Conversion Rate immediately prior to such Merger Event would have owned or been entitled to receive (the Reference Property,
with each unit of Reference Property meaning the kind and amount of Reference Property that a holder of one share
of Common Stock is entitled to receive) upon such Merger Event and, prior to or at the effective time of such Merger Event, the Company
or the successor or purchasing Person, as the case may be, shall execute with the Trustee a supplemental indenture permitted under Section
10.01(g) providing for such change in the right to convert each $1,000 in principal amount of Notes; provided, however,
that at and after the effective time of the Merger Event, the Conversion Obligation shall be determined and conversions shall be settled
in accordance with Section 14.02 such that (A) the amount otherwise payable in cash upon conversion of the Notes as set forth under Section
14.02 shall continue to be payable in cash, (B) the Company (or the successor or purchasing Person, as the case may be) shall continue
to have the right to determine the form of consideration to be paid or delivered, as the case may be, in respect of the remainder, if
any, of the Conversion Obligation in excess of the principal amount of the Notes being converted as set forth under Section 14.02, (C)
the number of shares of Common Stock, if any, otherwise deliverable upon conversion of the Notes in accordance with Section 14.02 shall
instead be deliverable in the amount and type of Reference Property that a holder of that number of shares of Common Stock would have
received in such Merger Event and (D) the Daily VWAP shall be calculated based on the value of a unit of Reference Property.

If the Merger Event causes the Common Stock to be converted into, or exchanged
for, the right to receive more than a single type of consideration (determined based in part upon any form of stockholder election), then
(i) the Reference Property into which the Notes will be convertible shall be deemed to be the weighted average of the types and amounts
of consideration actually received by the holders of Common Stock, and (ii) the unit of Reference Property for purposes of the immediately
preceding paragraph shall refer to the consideration referred to in clause (i) attributable to one share of Common Stock. If the holders
of the Common Stock receive only cash in such Merger Event, then for all conversions for which the relevant Conversion Date occurs after
the effective date of such Merger Event (A) the consideration due upon conversion of each $1,000 in principal amount of Notes shall be
solely cash in an amount equal to the Conversion Rate in effect on the Conversion Date (as may be increased by any Additional Shares pursuant
to Section 14.03), multiplied by the price paid per share of Common Stock in such Merger Event and (B) the Company shall satisfy
the Conversion Obligation by paying cash to converting Holders on the second Business Day immediately following the relevant Conversion
Date. The Company shall notify in writing Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) of such weighted average
as soon as practicable after such determination is made.

79 

The supplemental indenture described in the second immediately preceding
paragraph shall provide for anti-dilution and other adjustments that shall be as nearly equivalent as is possible to the adjustments provided
for in this Article 14. If, in the case of any Merger Event, the Reference Property includes shares of stock, securities or other property
or assets (including cash or any combination thereof) of a Person other than the successor or purchasing corporation, as the case may
be, in such Merger Event, then such supplemental indenture shall also be executed by such other Person and shall contain such additional
provisions to protect the interests of the Holders of the Notes as the Company shall in good faith reasonably consider necessary by reason
of the foregoing, including the provisions providing for the purchase rights set forth in Article 15.

(b)When the Company executes a supplemental indenture pursuant to subsection (a) of this Section 14.07, the Company shall promptly
file with the Trustee an Officers Certificate briefly stating the reasons therefor, the kind or amount of cash, securities or property
or asset that will comprise a unit of Reference Property after any such Merger Event, any adjustment to be made with respect thereto and
that all conditions precedent have been complied with, and shall promptly deliver notice thereof to all Holders. The Company shall cause
notice of the execution of such supplemental indenture to be delivered to each Holder within 20 days after execution thereof. Failure
to deliver such notice shall not affect the legality or validity of such supplemental indenture.

(c)The Company shall not become a party to any Merger Event unless its terms are consistent with this Section 14.07. None of the foregoing
provisions shall affect the right of a Holder to convert its Notes into cash and shares of Common Stock, if any, as set forth in Section
14.01 and Section 14.02 prior to the effective date of such Merger Event.

(d)The above provisions of this Section shall similarly apply to successive Merger Events.

Section 14.08. Certain Covenants. (a) The Company covenants that
all shares of Common Stock issued upon conversion of Notes will be fully paid and non-assessable by the Company and free from all taxes,
liens and charges with respect to the issue thereof.

(b)The Company covenants that, if any shares of Common Stock to be provided for the purpose of conversion of Notes hereunder require
registration with or approval of any governmental authority under any federal or state law before such shares of Common Stock may be validly
issued upon conversion, the Company will, to the extent then permitted by the rules and interpretations of the Commission, secure such
registration or approval, as the case may be.

80 

(c)The Company further covenants that if at any time the Common Stock shall be listed on any national securities exchange or automated
quotation system the Company will list and keep listed, so long as the Common Stock shall be so listed on such exchange or automated quotation
system, any Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Notes.

Section 14.09. Responsibility of Trustee. The Trustee and any other
Conversion Agent shall not at any time be under any duty or responsibility to any Holder to determine the Conversion Rate (or any adjustment
thereto) or whether any facts exist that may require any adjustment (including any increase) of the Conversion Rate, or with respect to
the nature or extent or calculation of any such adjustment when made, or with respect to the method employed, or herein or in any supplemental
indenture provided to be employed, in making the same. The Trustee and any other Conversion Agent shall not be accountable with respect
to the validity or value (or the kind or amount) of any shares of Common Stock, or of any securities, property or cash that may at any
time be issued or delivered upon the conversion of any Note; and the Trustee and any other Conversion Agent make no representations with
respect thereto. Neither the Trustee nor any Conversion Agent shall be responsible for any failure of the Company to issue, transfer or
deliver any shares of Common Stock or stock certificates or other securities or property or cash upon the surrender of any Note for the
purpose of conversion or to comply with any of the duties, responsibilities or covenants of the Company contained in this Article. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, neither the Trustee nor any Conversion Agent shall be under any responsibility to determine
the correctness of any provisions contained in any supplemental indenture entered into pursuant to Section 14.07 relating either to the
kind or amount of shares of stock or securities or property (including cash) receivable by Holders upon the conversion of their Notes
after any event referred to in such Section 14.07 or to any adjustment to be made with respect thereto, but, subject to the provisions
of Section 7.01, may accept (without any independent investigation) as conclusive evidence of the correctness of any such provisions,
and shall be protected in conclusively relying upon, the Officers Certificate and Opinion of Counsel (which the Company shall be
obligated to file with the Trustee prior to the execution of any such supplemental indenture) with respect thereto. Neither the Trustee
nor the Conversion Agent shall be responsible for determining whether any event contemplated by Section 14.01(b) has occurred that makes
the Notes eligible for conversion or no longer eligible therefor until the Company has delivered to the Trustee and the Conversion Agent
the notices referred to in Section 14.01(b) with respect to the commencement or termination of such conversion rights, on which notices
the Trustee and the Conversion Agent may conclusively rely, and the Company agrees to deliver such notices to the Trustee and the Conversion
Agent immediately after the occurrence of any such event or at such other times as shall be provided for in Section 14.01(b). In no event
shall the Trustee nor the Conversion Agent be charged with knowledge of or have any duty to monitor the Stock Price or the Measurement
Period. The parties agree that all notices to the Trustee or the Conversion Agent under this Article 14 shall be in writing.

Section 14.10. [Intentionally Omitted].

Section 14.11. Stockholder Rights Plans. To the extent the Company
has a stockholder rights plan in effect upon conversion of the Notes, each share of Common Stock, if any, issued upon such conversion
shall be entitled to receive the appropriate number of rights, if any, and the certificates representing the Common Stock issued upon
such conversion shall bear such legends, if any, in each case as may be provided by the terms of any such stockholder rights plan, as
the same may be amended from time to time. However, if, prior to any conversion of Notes, the rights have separated from the shares of
Common Stock in accordance with the provisions of the applicable stockholder rights plan, the Conversion Rate shall be adjusted at the
time of separation as if the Company distributed to all or substantially all holders of the Common Stock Distributed Property as provided
in Section 14.04(c), subject to readjustment in the event of the expiration, termination or redemption of such rights.

81 

Section 14.12. Exchange in Lieu of Conversion. (a) When a Holder
surrenders its Notes for conversion, the Company may, at its election (an Exchange Election), direct in writing the
Conversion Agent to deliver, on or prior to the Trading Day immediately following the Conversion Date, such Notes to one or more financial
institutions designated by the Company (each, a Designated Financial Institution) for exchange in lieu of conversion.
In order to accept any Notes surrendered for conversion, the Designated Financial Institution(s) must agree to timely pay and deliver,
as the case may be, in exchange for such Notes, cash up to the aggregate principal amount of converted Notes and cash, shares of Common
Stock or a combination of cash and shares of Common Stock, at the Companys election, in respect of the remainder, if any, of the
Conversion Obligation in excess of the aggregate principal amount of such Notes, that would otherwise be due upon conversion pursuant
to Section 14.02 (the Conversion Consideration). If the Company makes an Exchange Election, the Company shall, by
the close of business on the Trading Day immediately following the relevant Conversion Date, notify in writing the Trustee, the Conversion
Agent (if other than the Trustee) and the Holder surrendering its Notes for conversion that the Company has made the Exchange Election,
and the Company shall notify the Designated Financial Institution(s) of the relevant deadline for delivery of the Conversion Consideration
and the relevant Cash Percentage, as the case may be.

(b)Any Notes delivered to the Designated Financial Institution(s) shall remain outstanding, subject to applicable procedures of the
Depositary. If the Designated Financial Institution(s) agree(s) to accept any Notes for exchange but does/do not timely pay and deliver,
as the case may be, the related Conversion Consideration to the Holder surrendering any such Note for conversion, or if such Designated
Financial Institution does not accept the Notes for exchange pursuant to this Section 14.12, the Company shall pay and deliver, as the
case may be, the relevant Conversion Consideration as, and at the time, required pursuant to this Indenture as if the Company had not
made the Exchange Election.

(c)The Companys designation of any Designated Financial Institution(s) to which the Notes may be submitted for exchange does
not require such Designated Financial Institution(s) to accept any Notes (unless such Designated Financial Institution(s) has/have separately
made an agreement with the Company). The Company may, but shall not be obligated to, enter into a separate agreement with any Designated
Financial Institution that would compensate the Company for any such transaction.

82 

Article
15

Repurchase of Notes at Option of Holders

Section 15.01. [Intentionally Omitted].

Section 15.02. Repurchase at Option of Holders Upon a Fundamental Change.
(a) If a Fundamental Change occurs at any time, each Holder shall have the right (the Fundamental Change Repurchase Right),
at such Holders option, to require the Company to repurchase for cash all of such Holders Notes, or any portion of the principal
amount thereof properly surrendered and not validly withdrawn pursuant to Section 15.03 that is equal to $1,000 or an integral multiple
of $1,000, on the date (the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date) specified by the Company that is not less than 20
calendar days or more than 35 calendar days following the date of the Fundamental Change Company Notice at a repurchase price equal to
100% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the Fundamental Change Repurchase
Date (the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price), unless the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date falls after a Regular
Record Date but on or prior to the Interest Payment Date to which such Regular Record Date relates, in which case the Company shall instead
pay the full amount of accrued and unpaid interest to Holders of record as of such Regular Record Date, and the Fundamental Change Repurchase
Price shall be equal to 100% of the principal amount of Notes to be repurchased pursuant to this Article 15. The Fundamental Change Repurchase
Date shall be subject to postponement in order to allow the Company to comply with applicable law as a result of changes to such applicable
law occurring after the date of this Indenture.

(b)Repurchases of Notes under this Section 15.02 shall be made, at the option of the Holder thereof, upon:

(i)delivery to the Paying Agent by a Holder of a duly completed notice (the Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice)
in the form set forth in Attachment 2 to the Form of Note attached hereto as Exhibit A, if the Notes are Physical Notes, or in compliance
with the Depositarys procedures for surrendering interests in Global Notes, if the Notes are Global Notes, in each case on or before
the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date; and

(ii)delivery of the Notes, if the Notes are Physical Notes, to the Paying Agent at any time after delivery of the Fundamental Change
Repurchase Notice (together with all necessary endorsements for transfer) at the Corporate Trust Office of the Paying Agent, or book-entry
transfer of the Notes, if the Notes are Global Notes, in compliance with the procedures of the Depositary, in each case such delivery
or transfer being a condition to receipt by the Holder of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price therefor.

The Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice in respect of any Physical Notes
to be repurchased shall state:

(i)the certificate numbers of the Notes to be delivered for repurchase;

83 

(ii)the portion of the principal amount of Notes to be repurchased, which must be $1,000 or an integral multiple thereof; and

(iii)that the Notes are to be repurchased by the Company pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Notes and this Indenture.

If the Notes are Global Notes, in order to exercise the Fundamental Change Repurchase Right,
Holders must surrender their Notes in accordance with applicable Depositary procedures.

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, any Holder exercising the
Fundamental Change Repurchase Right contemplated by this Section 15.02 shall have the right to withdraw, in whole or in part, its election
to exercise the Fundamental Change Repurchase Right at any time prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding
the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date by, in the case of Physical Notes, delivery of a written notice of withdrawal to the Paying Agent
in accordance with Section 15.03, or in accordance with the applicable procedures of the Depositary in the case of Global Notes.

The Paying Agent shall promptly notify the Company of the receipt by it
of any Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice or written notice of withdrawal thereof.

(c)On or before the 20th calendar day after (i) the date that the Company knew or reasonably should have known that the Fundamental
Change occurred, in the case of a Fundamental Change described in clause (a) of the Fundamental Change definition in Section 1.01, or
(ii) the date the Fundamental Change occurred, in the case of any other Fundamental Change, the Company shall provide to all Holders of
Notes, the Conversion Agent (in the case of a Conversion Agent other than the Trustee) and the Trustee and the Paying Agent (in the case
of a Paying Agent other than the Trustee) a written notice (the Fundamental Change Company Notice) of the occurrence
of the effective date of the Fundamental Change and of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Right at the option of the Holders arising as
a result thereof. In the case of Physical Notes, such notice shall be by first class mail or, in the case of Global Notes, such notice
shall be delivered in accordance with the applicable procedures of the Depositary. Each Fundamental Change Company Notice shall specify:

(i)the events causing the Fundamental Change;

(ii)the date of the Fundamental Change;

(iii)the last date on which a Holder may exercise the repurchase right pursuant to this Article 15;

(iv)the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price;

(v)the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date;

(vi)the name and address of the Paying Agent and the Conversion Agent, if applicable;

84 

(vii)if applicable, the Conversion Rate and any adjustments to the Conversion Rate as a result of a Fundamental Change;

(viii)that the Notes with respect to which a Holder has elected to exercise the Fundamental Change Repurchase Right may be converted
only if the Holder withdraws its election to exercise the Fundamental Change Repurchase Right in accordance with the terms of this Indenture;
and

(ix)the procedures that Holders must follow to require the Company to repurchase their Notes.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary above, the Company shall not be
required to repurchase or make an offer to repurchase the Notes upon a Fundamental Change if a third party makes such an offer in the
same manner, at the same time and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for an offer made by the Company as set forth in this
Indenture and such third party purchases all Notes properly surrendered and not validly withdrawn under its offer in the same manner,
at the same time and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for an offer made by the Company as set forth in this Indenture.

No failure of the Company to give the foregoing notices and no defect therein
shall limit the Holders repurchase rights or affect the validity of the proceedings for the repurchase of the Notes pursuant to
this Section 15.02.

At the Companys written request, the Trustee shall give such notice
in the Companys name and at the Companys expense; provided, however, that, in all cases, the text of such
Fundamental Change Company Notice shall be prepared by the Company.

(d)Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Notes may be repurchased by the Company on any date at the option of the Holders upon a Fundamental
Change if the principal amount of the Notes has been accelerated, and such acceleration has not been rescinded, on or prior to such date
(except in the case of an acceleration resulting from a Default by the Company in the payment of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price
with respect to such Notes). The Paying Agent will promptly return to the respective Holders thereof any Physical Notes held by it during
the acceleration of the Notes (except in the case of an acceleration resulting from a Default by the Company in the payment of the Fundamental
Change Repurchase Price with respect to such Notes), or any instructions for book-entry transfer of the Notes in compliance with the procedures
of the Depositary shall be deemed to have been cancelled, and, upon such return or cancellation, as the case may be, the Fundamental Change
Repurchase Notice with respect thereto shall be deemed to have been withdrawn.

(e)Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not be required to offer to repurchase, or to repurchase, the Notes pursuant to
the provisions set forth in this Article 15 in respect of a Fundamental Change (i) that constitutes a Merger Event for which the Reference
Property consists entirely of cash in U.S. dollars; (ii) pursuant to which, immediately after the consummation of such transaction or
event, the Notes become convertible into consideration that consists solely of cash in U.S. dollars in an amount per $1,000 in principal
amount of Notes that equals or exceeds the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price per $1,000 in principal amount of Notes (calculated assuming
that such amount includes the maximum amount of accrued but unpaid interest payable as part of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price
for such transaction or event); and (iii) in respect of which the Company timely sends the notice of such Fundamental Change, as required
pursuant to this Indenture.

85 

Section 15.03. Withdrawal of Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice.
(a) A Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice may be withdrawn (in whole or in part) in respect of Physical Notes by means of a written notice
of withdrawal delivered to the Corporate Trust Office of the Paying Agent in accordance with this Section 15.03 at any time prior to the
close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date, specifying:

(i)the principal amount of the Notes with respect to which such notice of withdrawal is being submitted, which amount must be in principal
amounts of $1,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,

(ii)the certificate number of the Note in respect of which such notice of withdrawal is being submitted, and

(iii)the principal amount, if any, of such Note that remains subject to the original Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice, which portion
must be in principal amounts of $1,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000.

If the Notes are Global Notes, Holders may withdraw their exercise of the Fundamental Change
Repurchase Right at any time prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the Fundamental Change Repurchase
Date in accordance with applicable procedures of the Depositary.

Section 15.04. Deposit of Fundamental Change Repurchase Price. (a)
The Company will deposit with the Trustee (or other Paying Agent appointed by the Company, or if the Company is acting as its own Paying
Agent, set aside, segregate and hold in trust as provided in Section 4.04) on or prior to 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the Fundamental
Change Repurchase Date an amount of money sufficient to repurchase all of the Notes to be repurchased at the appropriate Fundamental Change
Repurchase Price; provided, however, that to the extent any such deposit is received by the applicable Paying Agent after
11:00 a.m., New York City time on any Fundamental Change Repurchase Date, such deposit shall be deemed deposited on the next Business
Day. Subject to receipt of funds and/or Notes by the Trustee (or other Paying Agent appointed by the Company), payment for Notes surrendered
for repurchase (and not withdrawn prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the Fundamental Change Repurchase
Date) will be made on the later of (i) the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date (provided the Holder has satisfied the conditions
in Section 15.02) and (ii) the time of book-entry transfer or the delivery of such Note to the Trustee (or other Paying Agent appointed
by the Company) by the Holder thereof in the manner required by Section 15.02 by mailing checks for the amount payable to the Holders
of such Notes entitled thereto as they shall appear in the Note Register; provided, however, that payments to the Depositary
shall be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account of the Depositary or its nominee. The Trustee (or other applicable
Paying Agent) shall, promptly after such payment and upon written demand by the Company, return to the Company any funds in excess of
the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price.

86 

(b)If by 11:00 a.m. New York City time, on the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date, the Trustee (or other Paying Agent appointed by
the Company) holds money sufficient to make payment on all the Notes or portions thereof that are to be repurchased on such Fundamental
Change Repurchase Date, then, with respect to the Notes that have been properly surrendered for repurchase and have not been validly withdrawn,
(i) such Notes will cease to be outstanding, (ii) interest will cease to accrue on such Notes (whether or not book-entry transfer of the
Notes has been made or the Notes have been delivered to the Trustee or Paying Agent) and (iii) all other rights of the Holders of such
Notes will terminate (other than the right to receive the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price upon delivery or transfer of the Notes and,
if applicable, accrued and unpaid interest).

(c)Upon surrender of a Note that is to be repurchased in part pursuant to Section 15.02, the Company shall execute and, upon receipt
of a Company Order, the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver to the Holder a new Note in an authorized denomination equal in principal
amount to the unrepurchased portion of the Note surrendered.

Section 15.05. Covenant to Comply with Applicable Laws Upon Repurchase
of Notes. In connection with any repurchase offer upon a Fundamental Change pursuant to this Article 15, the Company will, if required:

(a)comply with the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act that may then be applicable;

(b)file a Schedule TO or any other required schedule under the Exchange Act; and

(c)otherwise comply with all federal and state securities laws in connection with any offer by the Company to repurchase the Notes;

in each case, so as to permit the rights and obligations under this Article
15 to be exercised in the time and in the manner specified in this Article 15.

Article
16

Optional Redemption

Section 16.01. Optional Redemption. No sinking fund is provided for
the Notes. The Notes shall not be redeemable by the Company prior to March 20, 2028. On or after March 20, 2028, the Company may redeem
(an Optional Redemption) for cash all or any portion of the Notes, at the Redemption Price, if the Last Reported
Sale Price of the Common Stock has been at least 140% of the Conversion Price then in effect for at least 20 Trading Days (whether or
not consecutive) during any 30 consecutive Trading Day period (including the last Trading Day of such period) ending on, and including,
the Trading Day immediately preceding the date on which the Company provides the Notice of Redemption to the Holders of the Notes in accordance
with Section 16.02.

87 

Section 16.02. Notice of Optional Redemption; Selection of Notes.
(a) If the Company exercises its Optional Redemption right with respect to all or any part of the Notes pursuant to Section 16.01, it
shall fix a date for redemption (each, a Redemption Date) and it shall deliver or cause to be delivered a written
notice of such Optional Redemption (a Notice of Redemption) not less than 55 nor more than 75 Scheduled Trading Days
prior to the Redemption Date to the Trustee, the Paying Agent and each Holder of Notes. The Redemption Date must be a Business Day, and
the Company shall not specify a Redemption Date that falls on or after the 51st Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the Maturity
Date. At the Companys request, the Trustee shall give such Notice of Redemption in the Companys name and at the Companys
expense; provided, however, that, in all cases, the text of such Notice of Redemption shall be prepared by the Company.

(b)The Notice of Redemption, if delivered in the manner herein provided, shall be conclusively presumed to have been duly given, whether
or not the Holder receives such notice. In any case, failure to give such Notice of Redemption or any defect in the Notice of Redemption
to the Holder of any Note designated for redemption as a whole or in part shall not affect the validity of the proceedings for the redemption
of any other Note.

(c)Each Notice of Redemption shall specify:

(i)the Redemption Date;

(ii)the Redemption Price;

(iii)that on the Redemption Date, the Redemption Price will become due and payable upon each Note to be redeemed, and that interest
thereon, if any, shall cease to accrue on and after the Redemption Date;

(iv)the place or places where such Notes are to be surrendered for payment of the Redemption Price;

(v)that Holders may surrender their Notes for conversion at any time prior to the close of business on the Scheduled Trading Day immediately
preceding the Redemption Date;

(vi)the procedures a converting Holder must follow to convert its Notes and the Cash Percentage, if applicable;

(vii)the Conversion Rate and, if applicable, the number of Additional Shares added to the Conversion Rate in accordance with Section
14.03;

88 

(viii)the CUSIP, ISIN or other similar numbers, if any, assigned to such Notes; and

(ix)in case any Note is to be redeemed in part only, the portion of the principal amount thereof to be redeemed and on and after the
Redemption Date, upon surrender of such Note, a new Note in principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion thereof shall be issued.

A Notice of Redemption shall be irrevocable.

(d)If the Company redeems fewer than all of the outstanding Notes, the Notes to be redeemed will be selected according to the Depositarys
applicable procedures, in the case of Global Notes, or, in the case of Physical Notes, the Trustee shall select the Notes to be redeemed
(in principal amounts of $1,000 or multiples thereof) by lot, on a pro rata basis or by another method the Trustee considers to
be fair and appropriate. If any Note selected for partial redemption is submitted for conversion in part after such selection, the portion
of the Note submitted for conversion shall be deemed (so far as may be possible) to be the portion selected for redemption, subject, in
the case of Notes represented by a Global Note, to the Depositarys applicable procedures.

Section 16.03. Payment of Notes Called for Redemption. (a) If any
Notice of Redemption has been given in respect of the Notes in accordance with Section 16.02, the Notes shall become due and payable on
the Redemption Date at the place or places stated in the Notice of Redemption and at the applicable Redemption Price. On presentation
and surrender of the Notes at the place or places stated in the Notice of Redemption, the Notes shall be paid and redeemed by the Company
at the applicable Redemption Price.

(b)Prior to the open of business on the Redemption Date, the Company shall deposit with the Paying Agent or, if the Company or a Subsidiary
of the Company is acting as the Paying Agent, shall segregate and hold in trust as provided in Section 7.05 an amount of cash (in immediately
available funds if deposited on the Redemption Date), sufficient to pay the Redemption Price of all of the Notes to be redeemed on such
Redemption Date. Subject to receipt of funds by the Paying Agent, payment for the Notes to be redeemed shall be made on the Redemption
Date for such Notes. The Paying Agent shall, promptly after such payment and upon written demand by the Company, return to the Company
any funds in excess of the Redemption Price.

Section 16.04. Restrictions on Redemption. The Company may not redeem
any Notes on any date if the principal amount of the Notes has been accelerated in accordance with the terms of this Indenture, and such
acceleration has not been rescinded, on or prior to the Redemption Date (except in the case of an acceleration resulting from a Default
by the Company in the payment of the Redemption Price with respect to such Notes).

89 

Article
17

Miscellaneous Provisions

Section 17.01. Provisions Binding on Companys Successors.
All the covenants, stipulations, promises and agreements of the Company contained in this Indenture shall bind its successors and assigns
whether so expressed or not.

Section 17.02. Official Acts by Successor. Any act or proceeding
by any provision of this Indenture authorized or required to be done or performed by any board, committee or Officer of the Company shall
and may be done and performed with like force and effect by the like board, committee or officer of any corporation or other entity that
shall at the time be the lawful sole successor of the Company.

Section 17.03. Addresses for Notices, Etc. Any notice or demand that
by any provision of this Indenture is required or permitted to be given or served by the Trustee or by the Holders on the Company shall
be deemed to have been sufficiently given or made, for all purposes if given or served by being deposited postage prepaid by registered
or certified mail in a post office letter box addressed (until another address is filed by the Company with the Trustee) to Integer Holdings
Corporation, 5830 Granite Parkway, Suite 1150, Plano, TX 75024, Attention: General Counsel, with a copy to Troutman Pepper Locke LLP,
1001 Haxall Point, 15th Floor, Richmond, VA 23219, Attention: Dave Meyers. Any notice, direction, approvals, request, demand or communications
hereunder or with respect to the Notes to or upon the Trustee in each of its capacities hereunder shall be in writing (provided
that any communication sent to Trustee hereunder must be in the form of a document that is signed manually or by facsimile or by way of
a digital signature, including electronic images of handwritten signatures and digital signatures provided by DocuSign, Orbit, Adobe Sign
or any other digital signature provider acceptable to the Trustee) and shall be deemed to have been sufficiently given or made, for all
purposes, upon the receipt by a Responsible Officer of the Trustee at the Corporate Trust Office.

The Trustee, by notice to the Company, may designate additional or different
addresses for subsequent notices or communications.

Any notice or communication delivered or to be delivered to a Holder of
Physical Notes shall be mailed to it by first class mail, postage prepaid, at its address as it appears on the Note Register and shall
be sufficiently given to it if so mailed within the time prescribed. Any notice or communication delivered or to be delivered to a Holder
of Global Notes shall be delivered in accordance with the applicable procedures of the Depositary and shall be sufficiently given to it
if so delivered within the time prescribed.

Failure to mail or deliver a notice or communication to a Holder or any
defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Holders. If a notice or communication is mailed or delivered, as the
case may be, in the manner provided above, it is duly given, whether or not the addressee receives it.

90 

In case by reason of the suspension of regular mail service or by reason
of any other cause it shall be impracticable to give such notice to Holders of Physical Notes by mail, then such notification as shall
be made with the approval of the Trustee shall constitute a sufficient notification for every purpose hereunder.

In addition to the foregoing, the Trustee shall have the right to accept
and act upon any notice, instruction, direction or other communication, including any funds transfer instruction, (each, a Notice)
sent by unsecured e-mail, facsimile transmission or other similar unsecured electronic methods and shall not have any duty to confirm
that the person sending such Notice is, in fact, a person authorized to do so. If any party elects to give the Trustee an e-mail or facsimile
Notice (or a Notice by a similar electronic method), the Trustees understanding of such Notice shall be deemed controlling. Each
other party to this Indenture assumes all risks arising out of the use of electronic signatures and electronic methods to send Notices
to the Trustee, including without limitation the risk of the Trustee acting on an unauthorized Notice and the risk of interception or
misuse by third parties. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Trustee may in any instance and in its sole discretion require that a Notice
in the form of an original document bearing a manual signature be delivered to the Trustee in lieu of, or in addition to, any such electronic
Notice. The Trustee shall not be liable for any losses, costs or expenses arising directly or indirectly from the Trustees reliance
upon and compliance with any Notice notwithstanding such instructions conflict or are inconsistent with a subsequent written Notice.

Section 17.04. Governing Law; Jurisdiction. THIS INDENTURE AND EACH
NOTE, AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS INDENTURE AND EACH NOTE, SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED
IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CONFLICTS OF LAWS PROVISIONS THEREOF).

The Company irrevocably consents and agrees, for the benefit of the Holders
from time to time of the Notes and the Trustee, that any legal action, suit or proceeding against it with respect to obligations, liabilities
or any other matter arising out of or in connection with this Indenture or the Notes may be brought in the courts of the State of New
York or the courts of the United States located in the Borough of Manhattan, New York City, New York and, until amounts due and to become
due in respect of the Notes have been paid, hereby irrevocably consents and submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of each such court
in personam, generally and unconditionally with respect to any action, suit or proceeding for itself in respect of its properties,
assets and revenues.

The Company irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent
permitted by law, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any of the aforesaid actions, suits or proceedings
arising out of or in connection with this Indenture or the Notes brought in the courts of the State of New York or the courts of the United
States located in the Borough of Manhattan, New York City, New York and hereby further irrevocably and unconditionally waives and agrees
not to plead or claim in any such court that any such action, suit or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient
forum.

91 

Section 17.05. Evidence of Compliance with Conditions Precedent; Certificates
and Opinions of Counsel to Trustee. Upon any application or demand by the Company to the Trustee to take any action under any of the
provisions of this Indenture, the Company shall, if requested by the Trustee, furnish to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and
an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that such action is permitted by the terms of this Indenture and that all conditions precedent to
such action have been complied with.

Each Officers Certificate and Opinion of Counsel provided for, by
or on behalf of the Company in this Indenture and delivered to the Trustee with respect to compliance with this Indenture (other than
the Officers Certificates provided for in Section 4.08) shall include (a) a statement that the person signing such certificate
or opinion is familiar with the requested action and this Indenture; (b) a brief statement as to the nature and scope of the examination
or investigation upon which the statement contained in such certificate is based; (c) a statement that, in the judgment of such person,
he or she has made such examination or investigation as is necessary to enable him or her to express an informed judgment as to whether
or not such action is permitted by this Indenture and whether or not all conditions precedent provided for in this Indenture have been
complied with; and (d) a statement as to whether or not, in the judgment of such person, such action is permitted by this Indenture and
that all conditions precedent to such action have been complied with.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 17.05, if any provision
in this Indenture specifically provides that the Trustee shall or may receive an Opinion of Counsel in connection with any action to be
taken by the Trustee or the Company hereunder, the Trustee shall be entitled to, or entitled to request, such Opinion of Counsel.

Section 17.06. Legal Holidays. In any case where any Interest Payment
Date, any Redemption Date, any Fundamental Change Repurchase Date or the Maturity Date is not a Business Day, then any action to be taken
on such date need not be taken on such date, but may be taken on the next succeeding Business Day with the same force and effect as if
taken on such date, and no interest shall accrue in respect of the delay.

Section 17.07. No Security Interest Created. Nothing in this Indenture
or in the Notes, expressed or implied, shall be construed to constitute a security interest under the Uniform Commercial Code or similar
legislation, as now or hereafter enacted and in effect, in any jurisdiction.

Section 17.08. Benefits of Indenture. Nothing in this Indenture or
in the Notes, expressed or implied, shall give to any Person, other than the Holders, the parties hereto, any Paying Agent, any Conversion
Agent, any authenticating agent, any Note Registrar and their successors hereunder, any benefit or any legal or equitable right, remedy
or claim under this Indenture.

Section 17.09. Table of Contents, Headings, Etc. The table of contents
and the titles and headings of the articles and sections of this Indenture have been inserted for convenience of reference only, are not
to be considered a part hereof, and shall in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof.

92 

Section 17.10. Authenticating Agent. The Trustee may appoint an authenticating
agent that shall be authorized to act on its behalf and subject to its direction in the authentication and delivery of Notes in connection
with the original issuance thereof and transfers and exchanges of Notes hereunder, including under Section 2.04, Section 2.05, Section
2.06, Section 2.07, Section 10.04 and Section 15.04 as fully to all intents and purposes as though the authenticating agent had been expressly
authorized by this Indenture and those Sections to authenticate and deliver Notes. For all purposes of this Indenture, the authentication
and delivery of Notes by the authenticating agent shall be deemed to be authentication and delivery of such Notes by the Trustee
and a certificate of authentication executed on behalf of the Trustee by an authenticating agent shall be deemed to satisfy any requirement
hereunder or in the Notes for the Trustees certificate of authentication. Such authenticating agent shall at all times be a Person
eligible to serve as trustee hereunder pursuant to Section 7.08.

Any corporation or other entity into which any authenticating agent may
be merged or converted or with which it may be consolidated, or any corporation or other entity resulting from any merger, consolidation
or conversion to which any authenticating agent shall be a party, or any corporation or other entity succeeding to the corporate trust
business of any authenticating agent, shall be the successor of the authenticating agent hereunder, if such successor corporation or other
entity is otherwise eligible under this Section 17.10, without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of
the parties hereto or the authenticating agent or such successor corporation or other entity.

Any authenticating agent may at any time resign by giving written notice
of resignation to the Trustee and to the Company. The Trustee may at any time terminate the agency of any authenticating agent by giving
written notice of termination to such authenticating agent and to the Company. Upon receiving such a notice of resignation or upon such
a termination, or in case at any time any authenticating agent shall cease to be eligible under this Section 17.10, the Trustee may appoint
a successor authenticating agent (which may be the Trustee), shall give written notice of such appointment to the Company and shall deliver
notice of such appointment to all Holders.

The Company agrees to pay to the authenticating agent from time to time
reasonable compensation for its services although the Company may terminate the authenticating agent, if it determines such agents
fees to be unreasonable.

The provisions of Section 7.02, Section 7.03, Section 7.04, Section 8.03
and this Section 17.10 shall be applicable to any authenticating agent.

If an authenticating agent is appointed pursuant to this Section 17.10,
the Notes may have endorsed thereon, in addition to the Trustees certificate of authentication, an alternative certificate of authentication
in the following form:

93 

__________________________,

as Authenticating Agent, certifies that this is one of the Notes described

in the within-named Indenture.

By: ____________________

Authorized Officer

Section 17.11. Execution in Counterparts; Electronic Signatures.
This Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, but such counterparts shall together
constitute but one and the same instrument. The exchange of copies of this Indenture and of signature pages by facsimile, electronic means
or PDF transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Indenture as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu
of the original Indenture for all purposes. The words execution, signed, signature, and words
of like import in this Indenture shall include images of manually executed signatures transmitted by facsimile or other electronic format
(including, without limitation, pdf, tif or jpg) and other electronic signatures (including,
without limitation, DocuSign and AdobeSign). The use of electronic signatures and electronic records (including, without limitation, any
contract or other record created, generated, sent, communicated, received, or stored by electronic means) shall be of the same legal effect,
validity and enforceability as a manually executed signature or use of a paper-based record-keeping system to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures
and Records Act and any other applicable law, including, without limitation, any state law based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions
Act or the Uniform Commercial Code; provided that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Trustee is not under any
obligation to agree to accept electronic signatures in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by the Trustee pursuant to
procedures approved by the Trustee.

Section 17.12. Severability. In the event any provision of this Indenture
or in the Notes shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, then (to the extent permitted by law) the validity, legality or enforceability
of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired.

Section 17.13. Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH OF THE COMPANY AND THE
TRUSTEE HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL
PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS INDENTURE, THE NOTES OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

Section 17.14. Force Majeure. In no event shall the Trustee be responsible
or liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder arising out of or caused by, directly or indirectly,
forces beyond its control, including, without limitation, strikes, work stoppages, accidents, epidemics, pandemics, acts of war or terrorism,
civil or military disturbances, nuclear or natural catastrophes or acts of God, and interruptions, loss or malfunctions of utilities,
communications or computer (software and hardware) services; it being understood that the Trustee shall use reasonable efforts that are
consistent with accepted practices in the banking industry to resume performance as soon as practicable under the circumstances.

94 

Section 17.15. Calculations. Except as otherwise provided herein,
the Company shall be responsible for making all calculations called for under the Notes. These calculations include, but are not limited
to, determinations of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock, the Trading Price (if the Company is the Bid Solicitation Agent
at the relevant time), the Daily VWAPs, the Daily Conversion Values, the Daily Net Settlement Amounts, the Daily Settlement Amounts, the
Settlement Amount, accrued interest payable on the Notes, Additional Interest, if any, payable on the Notes, the Redemption Price, the
Conversion Rate and the Conversion Price of the Notes, including adjustments to the Conversion Rate and the Conversion Price. The Company
shall make all these calculations in good faith and, absent manifest error, the Companys calculations shall be final and binding
on Holders of Notes. The Company shall provide a schedule of its calculations to each of the Trustee, the Paying Agent and the Conversion
Agent, and each of the Trustee, the Paying Agent and the Conversion Agent is entitled to rely conclusively upon the accuracy of the Companys
calculations without independent verification (and none of the Trustee, the Paying Agent nor the Conversion Agent shall have any responsibility
for such calculations). The Trustee will forward the Companys calculations to any Holder of Notes upon the written request of that
Holder at the sole cost and expense of the Company.

Section 17.16. USA PATRIOT Act. The parties hereto acknowledge that
in accordance with Section 326 of the USA PATRIOT Act, the Trustee, like all financial institutions and in order to help fight the funding
of terrorism and money laundering, is required to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person or legal entity that
establishes a relationship or opens an account with the Trustee. The parties to this Indenture agree that they will provide the Trustee
with such information as it may request in order for the Trustee to satisfy the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act.

Section 17.17. Tax Withholding. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained in this Indenture, each of the Company, the Trustee and the Paying Agent may, to the extent it is required to do so by law,
deduct or withhold income or other similar taxes imposed by the United States of America from principal or interest payments hereunder.

Section 17.18. Service of Process. The Company irrevocably consents
to service of process in any manner, and at any place, provided for notices in Section 17.03. Nothing in this Indenture or the Notes shall
affect the right of any Person to serve process in any other manner permitted by applicable law.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]

95 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Indenture to be
duly executed as of the date first written above.

integer holdings corporation

By: /s/ Diron Smith

Name: Diron Smith

Title: Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to Indenture]

96 

WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as the Trustee

By: /s/ Nedine P. Sutton

Name: Nedine P. Sutton

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to Indenture]

97 

EXHIBIT A

[FORM OF FACE OF NOTE]

[INCLUDE FOLLOWING LEGEND IF A GLOBAL NOTE]

[UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED
REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (DTC), TO THE COMPANY OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION
OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE, OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS
REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT HEREUNDER IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED
BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL
INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.]

[INCLUDE FOLLOWING LEGEND IF A RESTRICTED SECURITY]

[THIS SECURITY AND THE COMMON STOCK, IF ANY, ISSUABLE
UPON CONVERSION OF THIS SECURITY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT),
AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF
OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN, THE ACQUIRER:

(1) REPRESENTS THAT IT AND ANY ACCOUNT FOR
WHICH IT IS ACTING IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) AND THAT
IT EXERCISES SOLE INVESTMENT DISCRETION WITH RESPECT TO EACH SUCH ACCOUNT, AND

(2) AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF integer
holdings corporation (THE COMPANY) THAT IT WILL NOT OFFER, SELL, PLEDGE OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS SECURITY OR ANY
BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN PRIOR TO THE DATE THAT IS THE LATER OF (X) ONE YEAR AFTER THE LAST ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE HEREOF OR SUCH SHORTER
PERIOD OF TIME AS PERMITTED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY SUCCESSOR PROVISION THERETO AND (Y) SUCH LATER DATE, IF ANY, AS
MAY BE REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EXCEPT:

(A) TO THE COMPANY OR ANY SUBSIDIARY THEREOF,
OR

(B) PURSUANT TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT THAT
HAS BECOME EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR

A-1 

(C) TO A PERSON REASONABLY BELIEVED TO BE A
QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR

(D) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION
PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY OTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT.

PRIOR TO THE REGISTRATION OF ANY TRANSFER IN ACCORDANCE
WITH CLAUSE (2)(D) ABOVE, THE COMPANY AND THE TRUSTEE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF SUCH LEGAL OPINIONS, CERTIFICATIONS
OR OTHER EVIDENCE AS MAY REASONABLY BE REQUIRED IN ORDER TO DETERMINE THAT THE PROPOSED TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE
SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. NO REPRESENTATION IS MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF ANY EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION
REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT.]

NO AFFILIATE (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT) OF integer holdings corporation OR PERSON THAT HAS BEEN AN AFFILIATE (AS DEFINED IN
RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) OF integer holdings corporation DURING THE IMMEDIATELY
PRECEDING THREE MONTHS MAY PURCHASE, OTHERWISE ACQUIRE OR HOLD THIS SECURITY OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN.

A-2 

Integer Holdings Corporation

1.875% Convertible Senior Note due 2030

No. [144A-[__]][_____] [Initially]1 $[_________]

CUSIP No. [_________] 

Integer Holdings Corporation, a corporation duly organized and validly
existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Company, which term includes any successor corporation or
other entity under the Indenture referred to on the reverse hereof), for value received hereby promises to pay to [CEDE & CO.]2
[_______]3, or registered assigns, the principal sum [as set forth in
the Schedule of Increases and Decreases in Global Note attached hereto]4
[of $[_______]]5, which amount, taken together with the principal amounts of all other
outstanding Notes, shall not, unless permitted by the Indenture, exceed $1,000,000,000 in aggregate at any time, in accordance with the
rules and procedures of the Depositary, on March 15, 2030, and interest thereon as set forth below.

This Note shall bear interest at the rate of 1.875% per year from March
18, 2025, or from the most recent date to which interest had been paid or provided for to, but excluding, the next scheduled Interest
Payment Date until March 15, 2030. Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on each March 15 and September 15, commencing on September
15, 2025, to Holders of record at the close of business on the preceding March 1 and September 1 (whether or not such day is a Business
Day), respectively. Additional Interest will be payable as set forth in Section 4.06(d), Section 4.06(e) and Section 6.03 of the within-mentioned
Indenture, and any reference to interest on, or in respect of, any Note therein shall be deemed to include Additional Interest if, in
such context, Additional Interest is, was or would be payable pursuant to any of such Section 4.06(d), Section 4.06(e) or Section 6.03,
and any express mention of the payment of Additional Interest in any provision therein shall not be construed as excluding Additional
Interest in those provisions thereof where such express mention is not made.

Any Defaulted Amounts shall accrue interest per annum at the rate borne
by the Notes, subject to the enforceability thereof under applicable law, from, and including, the relevant payment date to, but excluding,
the date on which such Defaulted Amounts shall have been paid by the Company, at its election, in accordance with Section 2.03(c) of the
Indenture.

The Company shall pay or cause the Paying Agent to pay by wire transfer
the principal of and interest on this Note, if and so long as such Note is a Global Note, in immediately available funds to the Depositary
or its nominee, as the case may be, as the registered Holder of such Note. As provided in and subject to the provisions of the Indenture,
the Company shall pay or cause the Paying Agent to pay the principal of any Notes (other than Notes that are Global Notes) at the office
or agency designated by the Company for that purpose. The Company has initially designated the Trustee as its Paying Agent and Note Registrar
in respect of the Notes and the Corporate Trust Office in the continental United States of America, as a place where Notes may be presented
for payment or for registration of transfer and exchange.

_______________________________

1 Include if a global note.

2 Include if a global note.

3 Include if a physical note.

4 Include if a global note.

5 Include if a physical note.

A-3 

Reference is made to the further provisions of this Note set forth on the
reverse hereof, including, without limitation, provisions giving the Holder of this Note the right to convert this Note into cash and
shares of Common Stock, if any, on the terms and subject to the limitations set forth in the Indenture. Such further provisions shall
for all purposes have the same effect as though fully set forth at this place.

This Note, and any claim, controversy or dispute arising under or related
to this Note, shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of New York (without regard to the conflicts
of laws provisions thereof).

In the case of any conflict between this Note and the Indenture, the provisions
of the Indenture shall control and govern.

This Note shall not be valid or become obligatory for any purpose until
the certificate of authentication hereon shall have been signed manually or electronically by the Trustee or a duly authorized authenticating
agent under the Indenture.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]

A-4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Note to be duly executed.

INTEGER HOLDINGS CORPORATION

By: 

Name:

Title:

A-5 

Dated:

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION

WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

as Trustee, certifies that this is one of the Notes described

in the within-named Indenture.

By:_______________________________

Authorized Officer

A-6 

[FORM OF REVERSE OF NOTE]

Integer Holdings Corporation

1.875% Convertible Senior Note due 2030

This Note is one of a duly authorized issue of Notes of the Company, designated
as its 1.875% Convertible Senior Notes due 2030 (the Notes), limited to the aggregate principal amount of $1,000,000,000
all issued or to be issued under and pursuant to an Indenture dated as of March 18, 2025 (the Indenture), between
the Company and Wilmington Trust, National Association (the Trustee), to which Indenture and all indentures supplemental
thereto reference is hereby made for a description of the rights, limitations of rights, obligations, duties and immunities thereunder
of the Trustee, the Company and the Holders of the Notes. Additional Notes may be issued in an unlimited aggregate principal amount in
accordance with the Indenture. Capitalized terms used in this Note and not defined in this Note shall have the respective meanings set
forth in the Indenture.

In case certain Events of Default shall have occurred and be continuing,
the principal of, and interest on, all Notes may be declared, by either the Trustee or Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal
amount of Notes then outstanding, and upon said declaration shall become, due and payable, in the manner, with the effect and subject
to the conditions and certain exceptions set forth in the Indenture.

Subject to the terms and conditions of the Indenture, the Company will make
all payments and deliveries in respect of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price on the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date, the Redemption
Price on any Redemption Date and the principal amount on the Maturity Date, as the case may be, to the Holder who surrenders a Note to
a Paying Agent to collect such payments in respect of the Note. The Company will pay cash amounts in money of the United States that at
the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts.

The Indenture contains provisions permitting the Company and the Trustee
in certain circumstances, without the consent of the Holders of the Notes, and in certain other circumstances, with the consent of the
Holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding, evidenced as in the Indenture
provided, to execute supplemental indentures modifying the terms of the Indenture and the Notes as described therein. It is also provided
in the Indenture that, subject to certain exceptions, the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes at the time
outstanding may on behalf of the Holders of all of the Notes waive certain past Defaults or Events of Default under the Indenture and
the consequences thereof.

Each Holder shall have the right to receive payment or delivery, as the
case may be, of (x) the principal (including the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) of, (y)
accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on, and (z) the consideration due upon conversion of, this Note at the place, at the respective times,
at the rate and in the lawful money or shares of Common Stock, as the case may be, herein prescribed.

A-7 

The Notes are issuable in registered form without coupons in denominations
of $1,000 in principal amount and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. At the office or agency of the Company referred to on
the face hereof, and in the manner and subject to the limitations provided in the Indenture, Notes may be exchanged for a like aggregate
principal amount of Notes of other authorized denominations, without payment of any service charge but, if required by the Company or
Trustee, with payment of a sum sufficient to cover any transfer or similar tax that may be imposed in connection therewith as a result
of the name of the Holder of the new Notes issued upon such exchange of Notes being different from the name of the Holder of the old Notes
surrendered for such exchange.

The Notes are not subject to redemption at the Companys option prior
to March 20, 2028. The Notes shall be redeemable at the Companys option on or after March 20, 2028 in accordance with the terms
and subject to the conditions specified in the Indenture. No sinking fund is provided for the Notes.

Upon the occurrence of a Fundamental Change, the Holder has the right, at
such Holders option, to require the Company to repurchase for cash all of such Holders Notes or any portion thereof (in
principal amounts of $1,000 or integral multiples thereof) surrendered for repurchase in accordance with the Indenture on the Fundamental
Change Repurchase Date at a price equal to the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price.

Subject to the provisions of the Indenture, the Holder hereof has the right,
at its option, during certain periods and upon the occurrence of certain conditions specified in the Indenture, prior to the close of
business on the second Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the Maturity Date, to convert any Notes or portion thereof that is
$1,000 or an integral multiple thereof, into cash and shares of Common Stock, if any, at the Conversion Rate specified in the Indenture,
as adjusted from time to time as provided in the Indenture.

A-8 

ABBREVIATIONS

The following abbreviations, when used in the inscription of the face of
this Note, shall be construed as though they were written out in full according to applicable laws or regulations:

TEN COM = as tenants in common

UNIF GIFT MIN ACT = Uniform Gifts to Minors Act

CUST = Custodian

TEN ENT = as tenants by the entireties

JT TEN = joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common

Additional abbreviations may also be used though not in the above list.

A-9 

SCHEDULE A6

SCHEDULE OF INCREASES AND DECREASES IN GLOBAL NOTE

Integer Holdings Corporation

1.875% Convertible Senior Notes due 2030

The initial principal amount of this Global Note is [_______] DOLLARS ($[_________]).
The following increases or decreases in this Global Note have been made:

Date of increase or 

decrease Amount of 

decrease in 

principal amount 

of this Global Note Amount of 

increase in 

principal amount 

of this Global Note Principal amount 

of this Global Note 

following such 

decrease or 

increase Signature of

authorized 

signatory of 

Trustee or 

Custodian

____________________

6 Include if a global
note.

A-10 

ATTACHMENT 1

[FORM OF NOTICE OF CONVERSION FOR PHYSICAL NOTES]

To: Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Conversion Agent

1310 Silas Deane Highway

Wethersfield, CT 06109

Attention: Integer Holdings Corporation Notes Administrator

The undersigned registered owner of this Note hereby exercises the option
to convert this Note, or the portion hereof (that is $1,000 in principal amount or an integral multiple thereof) below designated, into
cash and shares of Common Stock, if any, in accordance with the terms of the Indenture referred to in this Note, and directs that any
cash payable and any shares of Common Stock issuable and deliverable upon such conversion, together with any cash for any fractional share,
and any Notes representing any unconverted principal amount hereof, be issued and delivered to the registered Holder hereof unless a different
name has been indicated below. If any shares of Common Stock or any portion of this Note not converted are to be issued in the name of
a Person other than the undersigned, the undersigned will pay all documentary, stamp or similar issue or transfer taxes, if any in accordance
with Section 14.02(d) and Section 14.02(e) of the Indenture. Any amount required to be paid to the undersigned on account of interest
accompanies this Note. Capitalized terms used herein but not defined shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Indenture.

Dated: _____________________ ________________________________

________________________________

Signature(s)

___________________________

Signature Guarantee

Signature(s) must be guaranteed

by an eligible Guarantor Institution

(banks, stock brokers, savings and

loan associations and credit unions)

with membership in an approved

signature guarantee medallion program

pursuant to Securities and Exchange

Commission Rule 17Ad-15 if shares

of Common Stock are to be issued, or

Notes are to be delivered, other than

to and in the name of the registered holder.

1 

Fill in for registration of shares if

to be issued, and Notes if to

be delivered, other than to and in the

name of the registered holder:

_________________________

(Name)

_________________________

(Street Address)

_________________________

(City, State and Zip Code)

Please print name and address

Principal amount to be converted (if less than all): $______,000

NOTICE: The above signature(s) of the Holder(s) hereof must correspond with the name
as written upon the face of the Note in every particular without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever.

_________________________

Social Security or Other Taxpayer

Identification Number

2 

ATTACHMENT 2

[FORM OF FUNDAMENTAL CHANGE REPURCHASE NOTICE FOR PHYSICAL NOTES]

To: Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee

1310 Silas Deane Highway

Wethersfield, CT 06109

Attention: Integer Holdings Corporation Notes Administrator

The undersigned registered owner of this Note hereby acknowledges receipt
of a notice from Integer Holdings Corporation (the Company) as to the occurrence of a Fundamental Change with respect
to the Company and specifying the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date and requests and instructs the Company to pay to the registered Holder
hereof in accordance with Section 15.02 of the Indenture referred to in this Note (1) the entire principal amount of this Note, or the
portion thereof (that is $1,000 in principal amount or an integral multiple thereof) below designated, and (2) if such Fundamental Change
Repurchase Date does not fall during the period after a Regular Record Date and on or prior to the corresponding Interest Payment Date,
accrued and unpaid interest, if any, thereon to, but excluding, such Fundamental Change Repurchase Date. Capitalized terms used herein
but not defined shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Indenture.

The certificate numbers of the Notes to be repurchased are as set forth
below:

Dated: _____________________

________________________________

Signature(s)

_________________________

Social Security or Other Taxpayer

Identification Number

Principal amount to be repaid (if less than all): $______,000

NOTICE: The above signature(s) of the Holder(s) hereof must correspond with the name
as written upon the face of the Note in every particular without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever.

1 

ATTACHMENT 3

[FORM OF ASSIGNMENT AND TRANSFER]

For value received ____________________________ hereby sell(s), assign(s) and transfer(s) unto
_________________ (Please insert social security or Taxpayer Identification Number of assignee) the within Note, and hereby irrevocably
constitutes and appoints _____________________ attorney to transfer the said Note on the books of the Company, with full power of substitution
in the premises.

In connection with any transfer of the within Note occurring prior to the Resale Restriction
Termination Date, as defined in the Indenture governing such Note, the undersigned confirms that such Note is being transferred:

&square; To Integer Holdings Corporation or a subsidiary thereof; or

&square; Pursuant to a registration statement that has become or been declared effective
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; or

&square; Pursuant to and in compliance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended; or

&square; Pursuant to and in compliance with Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, or any other available exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

1 

Dated: ________________________

_____________________________________

_____________________________________

Signature(s)

_____________________________________

Signature Guarantee

Signature(s) must be guaranteed by an

eligible Guarantor Institution (banks, stock

brokers, savings and loan associations and

credit unions) with membership in an approved

signature guarantee medallion program pursuant

to Securities and Exchange Commission

Rule 17Ad-15 if Notes are to be delivered, other

than to and in the name of the registered holder.

NOTICE: The signature on the assignment must correspond with the name as written upon the face
of the Note in every particular without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever.

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>exh_101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

[Dealers name]

[Dealers address]

March 13, 2025

To: Integer Holdings Corporation

5830 Granite Parkway, Suite 1150 

Plano, Texas 75024

Attention: General Counsel

Email: [______]

Re: Base Call Option Transaction

The purpose of this letter agreement (this Confirmation)
is to confirm the terms and conditions of the call option transaction entered into between [DEALER] (Dealer) and
Integer Holdings Corporation (Counterparty) as of the Trade Date specified below (the Transaction).
This letter agreement constitutes a Confirmation as referred to in the ISDA Master Agreement specified below. Each party
further agrees that this Confirmation together with the Agreement evidence a complete binding agreement between Counterparty and Dealer
as to the subject matter and terms of the Transaction to which this Confirmation relates, and shall supersede all prior or contemporaneous
written or oral communications with respect thereto.

The definitions and provisions contained in the 2002
ISDA Equity Derivatives Definitions (the Equity Definitions), as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives
Association, Inc. (ISDA) are incorporated into this Confirmation. In the event of any inconsistency between the Equity
Definitions and this Confirmation, this Confirmation shall govern. Certain defined terms used herein are based on terms that are defined
in the Offering Memorandum dated March 12, 2025 (the Offering Memorandum) relating to the 1.875% Convertible Senior
Notes due 2030 (as originally issued by Counterparty, the Convertible Notes and each USD 1,000 principal amount of
Convertible Notes, a Convertible Note) issued by Counterparty in an aggregate initial principal amount of USD 875,000,000
(as increased by up to an aggregate principal amount of USD 125,000,000 if and to the extent that the Initial Purchasers (as defined below)
exercise their option to purchase additional Convertible Notes pursuant to the Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement)
dated as of March 13, 2025, between Counterparty and BofA Securities, Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities,
LLC, as representatives of the Initial Purchasers party thereto (the Initial Purchasers)) pursuant to an Indenture
to be dated March 18, 2025 between Counterparty and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee (the Indenture).
In the event of any inconsistency between the terms defined in the Offering Memorandum, the Indenture and this Confirmation, this Confirmation
shall govern. The parties acknowledge that this Confirmation is entered into on the date hereof with the understanding that (i) definitions
set forth in the Indenture that are also defined herein by reference to the Indenture and (ii) sections of the Indenture that are referred
to herein will conform to the descriptions thereof in the Offering Memorandum. If any such definitions in the Indenture or any such sections
of the Indenture differ from the descriptions thereof in the Offering Memorandum, the descriptions thereof in the Offering Memorandum
will govern for purposes of this Confirmation. The parties further acknowledge that the Indenture section numbers and cross-references
used herein are based on the draft of the Indenture last reviewed by Dealer as of the date of this Confirmation, and if any such section
numbers or cross-references are changed in the Indenture as executed, the parties will amend this Confirmation in good faith and in a
commercially reasonable manner to preserve the intent of the parties. Subject to the foregoing, references to the Indenture herein are
references to the Indenture as in effect on the date of its execution, and if the Indenture is amended or supplemented following such
date (other than any amendment or supplement (x) pursuant to Section 10.01(h) of the Indenture that, as determined by the Calculation
Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, conforms the Indenture to the description of Convertible Notes in the Offering
Memorandum or (y) pursuant to Section 10.01(a) or Section 14.07 of the Indenture, subject, in the case of this clause (y), to the second
paragraph under Method of Adjustment in Section 3 of this Confirmation), any such amendment or supplement will be
disregarded for purposes of this Confirmation (other than as provided in Section 9(i)(iii) of this Confirmation) unless the parties agree
otherwise in writing. For the purposes of the Equity Definitions, the Transaction shall be deemed to be a Share Option Transaction.

Each party is hereby advised, and each such party acknowledges,
that the other party has engaged in, or refrained from engaging in, substantial financial transactions and has taken other material actions
in reliance upon the parties entry into the Transaction to which this Confirmation relates on the terms and conditions set forth
below.

1.This Confirmation evidences a complete and binding agreement between Dealer and Counterparty as to the terms of the Transaction
to which this Confirmation relates. This Confirmation shall supplement, form a part of, and be subject to an agreement in the form of
the 2002 ISDA Master Agreement (the Agreement) as if Dealer and Counterparty had executed an agreement in such form
on the Trade Date (but without any Schedule except for (i) the election of the laws of the State of New York as the governing law (without
reference to choice of law doctrine other than Sections 5-1401 and 5-1402 of the General Obligations Law); (ii) the election of USD as
the Termination Currency; and (iii) the election that the Cross Default provisions of Section 5(a)(vi) of the Agreement
shall apply solely to Dealer with a Threshold Amount of three percent of [Dealers][Dealers [ultimate] parents]
shareholders equity as of the Trade Date; provided that (A) Specified Indebtedness shall not include obligations
in respect of deposits received in the ordinary course of Dealers banking business, (B) the phrase or becoming capable at
such time of being declared shall be deleted from clause (1) of such Section 5(a)(vi) and (C) the following sentence shall be added
to the end of Section 5(a)(vi) of the Agreement: Notwithstanding the foregoing, a default under subsection (2) hereof shall not
constitute an Event of Default if (i) the default was caused solely by error or omission of an administrative or operational nature; (ii)
funds were available to enable the party to make the payment when due; and (iii) the payment is made within two Local Business Days of
such partys receipt of written notice of its failure to pay.). In the event of any inconsistency between provisions of the
Agreement and this Confirmation, this Confirmation will prevail for the purpose of the Transaction to which this Confirmation relates.
The parties hereby agree that no transaction other than the Transaction to which this Confirmation relates shall be governed by the Agreement.
If there exists any ISDA Master Agreement between Dealer and Counterparty or any confirmation or other agreement between Dealer and Counterparty
pursuant to which an ISDA Master Agreement is deemed to exist between Dealer and Counterparty, then notwithstanding anything to the contrary
in such ISDA Master Agreement, such confirmation or agreement or any other agreement to which Dealer and Counterparty are parties, the
Transaction shall not be considered a Transaction under, or otherwise governed by, such existing or deemed ISDA Master Agreement.

2. The terms of the particular Transaction to which this Confirmation relates are as follows:

General Terms. 

Trade Date: March [ ], 2025

Effective Date: The second Exchange Business Day immediately prior to the Premium Payment Date

Option Style: Modified American, as described under Procedures for Exercise below

Option Type: Call

Buyer: Counterparty

Seller: Dealer

Shares: The common stock of Counterparty, par value USD 0.001 per share (Exchange symbol ITGR).

Number of Options: [______]. For the avoidance of doubt, the Number of Options shall be reduced by any Options exercised by Counterparty. In no event will the Number of Options be less than zero.

Applicable Percentage: [__]%

Option Entitlement: A number equal to the product of the Applicable Percentage and [______].

2 

Strike Price: USD [____]

Cap Price: USD [_____]

Premium: USD [______]

Premium Payment Date: March [ ], 2025

Exchange: The New York Stock Exchange

Related Exchange(s): All Exchanges

Excluded Provisions: Section 14.04(h) and Section 14.03 of the Indenture.

Procedures for Exercise. 

Conversion Date: With respect to any conversion of a Convertible Note (other than any conversion of Convertible Notes with a Conversion Date occurring prior to the Free Convertibility Date (any such conversion, an Early Conversion), to which the provisions of Section 9(i)(i) of this Confirmation shall apply), the date on which the Holder (as such term is defined in the Indenture) of such Convertible Note satisfies all of the requirements for conversion thereof as set forth in Section 14.02(b) of the Indenture; providedthat if Counterparty has not delivered to Dealer a related Notice of Exercise, then in no event shall a Conversion Date be deemed to occur hereunder (and no Option shall be exercised or deemed to be exercised hereunder) with respect to any surrender of a Convertible Note for conversion in respect of which Counterparty has elected to designate a financial institution for exchange in lieu of conversion of such Convertible Note pursuant to Section 14.12 of the Indenture.

Free Convertibility Date: December 15, 2029

Expiration Time: The Valuation Time

Expiration Date: March 15, 2030, subject to earlier exercise.

Multiple Exercise: Applicable, as described under Automatic Exercise and Automatic Exercise of Remaining Repurchase Options After Free Convertibility Date below.

Automatic Exercise: Notwithstanding Section 3.4 of the Equity Definitions, on each Conversion Date occurring on or after the Free Convertibility Date, in respect of which a Notice of Conversion (as such term is defined in the Indenture) that is effective as to Counterparty has been delivered by the relevant converting Holder (as such term is defined in the Indenture), a number of Options equal to the number of Convertible Notes in denominations of USD 1,000 as to which such Conversion Date has occurred shall be deemed to be automatically exercised; provided that such Options shall be exercised or deemed exercised only if Counterparty has provided a Notice of Exercise to Dealer in accordance with Notice of Exercise below.

3 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the number of Options that are exercised or deemed exercised hereunder exceed the Number of Options.

Automatic Exercise of Remaining 

Repurchase Options After 

Free Convertibility Date: Notwithstanding anything herein or in Section 3.4 of the Equity Definitions to the contrary, unless Counterparty notifies Dealer in writing prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Scheduled Valid Day immediately preceding the Expiration Date that it does not wish Automatic Exercise to occur, a number of Options equal to the lesser of (a) the Number of Options (after giving effect to the provisions opposite the caption Automatic Exercise above) as of 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the Expiration Date and (b) the Remaining Repurchase Options (such lesser number, the Remaining Options) will be deemed to be automatically exercised as if (i) a number of Convertible Notes (in denominations of USD 1,000) equal to such number of Remaining Options were converted with a Conversion Date (as such term is defined in the Indenture) occurring on or after the Free Convertibility Date and (ii) the Relevant Settlement Method applied to such Convertible Notes; provided that no such automatic exercise pursuant to this paragraph will occur if the Relevant Price for each Valid Day during the Settlement Averaging Period is less than or equal to the Strike Price. Remaining Repurchase Optionsshall mean the excess of (I) the aggregate number of Convertible Notes (in denominations of USD 1,000) that were subject to Repayment Events (as defined below) (other than Repayment Events pursuant to the terms of the Indenture) described in clause (ii) of Section 9(i)(iv) (Repurchase Events) during the term of the Transaction over (II) the aggregate number of Repayment Options (as defined below) that were terminated hereunder relating to Repurchase Events during the term of the Transaction. Counterparty shall notify Dealer in writing of the number of Remaining Repurchase Options before 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Scheduled Valid Day immediately preceding the Expiration Date.

Notice of Exercise: Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Equity Definitions or under Automatic Exercise above, but subject to Automatic Exercise of Remaining Repurchase Options After Free Convertibility Date above, in order to exercise any Options relating to Convertible Notes with a Conversion Date occurring on or after the Free Convertibility Date, Counterparty must notify Dealer in writing before 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Scheduled Valid Day immediately preceding the Expiration Date specifying the number of such Options; providedthat if the Relevant Settlement Method for such Options is not Net Share Settlement, Dealer shall have received a separate notice (the Notice of Final Settlement Method) in respect of all such Convertible Notes before 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Free Convertibility Date specifying (1) the Relevant Settlement Method for such Options, and (2) if the Relevant Settlement Method for such Options is Combination Settlement, the percentage of the consideration due upon conversion per Convertible Note in excess of the principal amount thereof that Counterparty has elected to pay to Holders (as such term is defined in the Indenture) of the related Convertible Notes in cash (the Cash Percentage). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, if Counterparty does not timely deliver the Notice of Final Settlement Method, then the Notice of Final Settlement Method shall be deemed timely given and the Relevant Settlement Method specified therein shall be deemed to be Net Share Settlement. Counterparty acknowledges its responsibilities under applicable securities laws, and in particular Section 9 and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act (as defined below) and the rules and regulations thereunder, in respect of any election (or any deemed election) of a settlement method with respect to the Convertible Notes.

4 

Valuation Time: At the close of trading of the regular trading session on the Exchange; providedthat if the principal trading session is extended, the Calculation Agent shall determine the Valuation Time in its commercially reasonable discretion.

Market Disruption Event: A Market Disruption Event as defined in the Indenture.

Settlement Terms. 

Settlement Method: For any Option, Net Share Settlement; providedthat if the Relevant Settlement Method set forth below for such Option is not Net Share Settlement, then the Settlement Method for such Option shall be such Relevant Settlement Method, but only if Counterparty shall have notified Dealer of the Relevant Settlement Method in the Notice of Final Settlement Method for such Option.

Relevant Settlement Method: In respect of any Option:

(i) if Counterparty has not elected to settle all or any portion of its conversion obligations in
respect of the related Convertible Note in excess of the principal amount thereof in cash either by specifying a Cash Percentage of
0% or not timely specifying a Cash Percentage, in each case, pursuant to Section 14.02(a)(i) of the Indenture, then the Relevant
Settlement Method for such Option shall be Net Share Settlement;

5 

(ii) if Counterparty has elected to settle its conversion obligations in respect of the
related Convertible Note in excess of the principal amount thereof in a combination of cash and Shares by specifying a Cash
Percentage less than 100% but greater than 0% pursuant to Section 14.02(a)(i) of the Indenture, then the Relevant Settlement Method
for such Option shall be Combination Settlement; and

(iii) if Counterparty has elected to settle its conversion obligations in respect of the related
Convertible Note in excess of the principal amount thereof entirely in cash by specifying a Cash Percentage of 100% pursuant to
Section 14.02(a)(i) of the Indenture, then the Relevant Settlement Method for such Option shall be Cash Settlement.

Net Share Settlement: If Net Share Settlement is applicable to any Option exercised or deemed exercised hereunder, Dealer will deliver to Counterparty, on the relevant Settlement Date for each such Option, a number of Shares (the Net Share Settlement Amount) equal to the sum, for each Valid Day during the Settlement Averaging Period for each such Option, of (i) (a) the Daily Option Value for such Valid Day, divided by(b) the Relevant Price on such Valid Day, divided by(ii) the number of Valid Days in the Settlement Averaging Period; providedthat in no event shall the Net Share Settlement Amount for any Option exceed a number of Shares equal to the Applicable Limit for such Option divided bythe Applicable Limit Price on the Settlement Date for such Option.

Dealer will pay cash in lieu of delivering any fractional Shares to be delivered with respect to any Net Share Settlement Amount valued at the Relevant Price for the last Valid Day of the Settlement Averaging Period.

Combination Settlement: If Combination Settlement is applicable to any Option exercised or deemed exercised hereunder, Dealer will pay or deliver, as the case may be, to Counterparty, on the relevant Settlement Date for each such Option:

(i) cash (the Combination Settlement Cash Amount) equal to the sum, for each Valid Day during the Settlement Averaging Period for such Option, of (A) an amount (the Daily Combination Settlement Cash Amount) equal to the product of (1) the Cash Percentage and (2) the Daily Option Value, divided by(B) the number of Valid Days in the Settlement Averaging Period; providedthat if the calculation in clause (A) above results in zero or a negative number for any Valid Day, the Daily Combination Settlement Cash Amount for such Valid Day shall be deemed to be zero; and

6 

(ii) Shares (the Combination Settlement Share Amount) equal to the sum, for each Valid Day during the Settlement Averaging Period for such Option, of a number of Shares for such Valid Day (the Daily Combination Settlement Share Amount) equal to (A) (1) the Daily Option Value on such Valid Day minusthe Daily Combination Settlement Cash Amount for such Valid Day, divided by(2) the Relevant Price on such Valid Day, divided by(B) the number of Valid Days in the Settlement Averaging Period; providedthat if the calculation in sub-clause (A)(1) above results in zero or a negative number for any Valid Day, the Daily Combination Settlement Share Amount for such Valid Day shall be deemed to be zero;

provided that in no event shall the sum of (x) the Combination Settlement Cash Amount for any Option and (y) the Combination Settlement Share Amount for such Option multiplied bythe Applicable Limit Price on the Settlement Date for such Option, exceed the Applicable Limit for such Option.

Dealer will pay cash in lieu of delivering any fractional Shares to be delivered with respect to any Combination Settlement Share Amount valued at the Relevant Price for the last Valid Day of the Settlement Averaging Period.

Cash Settlement: If Cash Settlement is applicable to any Option exercised or deemed exercised hereunder, in lieu of Section 8.1 of the Equity Definitions, Dealer will pay to Counterparty, on the relevant Settlement Date for each such Option, an amount of cash (the Cash Settlement Amount) equal to the sum, for each Valid Day during the Settlement Averaging Period for such Option, of (i) the Daily Option Value for such Valid Day, divided by(ii) the number of Valid Days in the Settlement Averaging Period; providedthat in no event shall the Cash Settlement Amount exceed the Applicable Limit for such Option.

Daily Option Value: For any Valid Day, an amount equal to (i) the Option Entitlement on such Valid Day, multiplied by(ii) (A) the lesser of the Relevant Price on such Valid Day and the Cap Price, less(B) the Strike Price on such Valid Day; providedthat if the calculation contained in clause (ii) above results in a negative number, the Daily Option Value for such Valid Day shall be deemed to be zero. In no event will the Daily Option Value be less than zero.

Applicable Limit: For any Option, an amount of cash equal to the Applicable Percentage multiplied bythe excess of (i) the aggregate of (A) the amount of cash paid to the Holder (as such term is defined in the Indenture) of the related Convertible Note upon conversion of such Convertible Note and (B) the number of Shares, if any, delivered to the Holder (as such term is defined in the Indenture) of the related Convertible Note upon conversion of such Convertible Note multiplied bythe Applicable Limit Price on the Settlement Date for such Option, over (ii) USD 1,000.

7 

Applicable Limit Price: On any day, the opening price as displayed under the heading Op on Bloomberg page ITGR (or any successor thereto).

Valid Day: A Trading Day for purposes of determining the amounts due upon conversion of the Convertible Notes as defined in the Indenture.

Scheduled Valid Day: A Scheduled Trading Day as defined in the Indenture.

Business Day: A Business Day as defined in the Indenture.

Relevant Price: On any Valid Day, the per Share volume-weighted average price as displayed under the heading Bloomberg VWAP on Bloomberg page ITGR AQR (or its equivalent successor if such page is not available) in respect of the period from the scheduled open of trading on the Exchange to the Scheduled Closing Time of the Exchange on such Valid Day (or if such volume-weighted average price is unavailable, the market value of one Share on such Valid Day, as determined by the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner using, if practicable, a volume-weighted average method). The Relevant Price will be determined without regard to after-hours trading or any other trading outside of the regular trading session trading hours.

Settlement Averaging Period: For any Option, the 50 consecutive Valid Days commencing on, and including, the 51st Scheduled Valid Day immediately prior to the Expiration Date.

Settlement Date: For any Option, the second Business Day immediately following the final Valid Day of the Settlement Averaging Period for such Option.

Settlement Currency: USD

Other Applicable Provisions: The provisions of Sections 9.1(c), 9.8, 9.9 and 9.11 of the Equity Definitions will be applicable, except that all references in such provisions to Physically-settled shall be read as references to Share Settled. Share Settled in relation to any Option means that Net Share Settlement or Combination Settlement is applicable to that Option.

Representation and Agreement: Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Equity Definitions (including, but not limited to, Section 9.11 thereof), the parties acknowledge that (i) any Shares delivered to Counterparty shall be, upon delivery, subject to restrictions and limitations arising from Counterpartys status as issuer of the Shares under applicable securities laws, (ii) Dealer may deliver any Shares required to be delivered hereunder in certificated form in lieu of delivery through the Clearance System, (iii) any Shares delivered to Counterparty may be restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act)) and (iv) the Representation and Agreement contained in Section 9.11 of the Equity Definitions shall be deemed modified accordingly.

8 

3. Additional Terms applicable to the Transaction.

Adjustments applicable to the Transaction: 

Potential Adjustment Events: Notwithstanding Section 11.2(e) of the Equity Definitions, a Potential Adjustment Event means an occurrence of any event or condition, as set forth in any Dilution Adjustment Provision, that requires an adjustment under the Indenture to the Conversion Rate or the composition of a unit of Reference Property or to any Last Reported Sale Price, Daily VWAP, Daily Conversion Value, Daily Net Settlement Amount or Daily Settlement Amount (as each such term is defined in the Indenture). For the avoidance of doubt, Dealer shall not have any delivery or payment obligation hereunder, and no adjustment shall be made to the terms of the Transaction, on account of (x) any distribution of cash, property or securities by Counterparty to holders of the Convertible Notes (upon conversion or otherwise) or (y) any other transaction in which holders of the Convertible Notes are entitled to participate, in each case, in lieu of an adjustment under the Indenture of the type referred to in the immediately preceding sentence (including, without limitation, pursuant to the fourth sentence of Section 14.04(c) of the Indenture or the fourth sentence of Section 14.04(d) of the Indenture).

Method of Adjustment: Calculation Agent Adjustment, which shall not have the meaning set forth in Section 11.2(c) of the Equity Definitions and instead shall mean that, upon any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent shall make adjustments in a commercially reasonable manner to any one or more of the Strike Price, Number of Options, Option Entitlement and any other variable relevant to the exercise, settlement or payment for the Transaction that correspond to the adjustments to the Convertible Notes under the Indenture.

Notwithstanding the foregoing and Consequences of Merger Events / Tender Offers below, if the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner disagrees with any adjustment to the Convertible Notes determined pursuant to the Indenture that involves an exercise of discretion by Counterparty or its board of directors (including, without limitation, pursuant to Section 14.05 of the Indenture, Section 14.07 of the Indenture or any supplemental indenture entered into thereunder or in connection with any proportional adjustment or the determination of the fair value of any securities, property, rights or other assets), then in each such case, the Calculation Agent will determine the adjustment to be made to any one or more of the Strike Price, Number of Options, Option Entitlement and any other variable relevant to the exercise, settlement or payment for the Transaction, using, if applicable, the methodology set forth in the Indenture for any such adjustment, in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner based on stock price volatility, expected dividends, interest rates, stock loan rate, value of any commercially reasonable hedge positions in connection with the Transaction and liquidity relevant to the Shares or to such Transaction.

9 

Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, (i) in connection with any Potential Adjustment Event as a result of an event or condition set forth in Section 14.04(b) of the Indenture or Section 14.04(c) of the Indenture where, in either case, the period for determining Y (as such term is used in Section 14.04(b) of the Indenture) or SP0 (as such term is used in Section 14.04(c) of the Indenture), as the case may be, begins before Counterparty has publicly announced the event or condition giving rise to such Potential Adjustment Event, then the Calculation Agent shall, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, have the right to adjust any variable relevant to the exercise, settlement or payment for the Transaction as appropriate to reflect the commercially reasonable costs incurred by Dealer in connection with its hedging activities, with such adjustments made assuming that Dealer maintains commercially reasonable hedge positions, as a result of such event or condition not having been publicly announced prior to the beginning of such period and (ii) if any Potential Adjustment Event is declared and (a) the event or condition giving rise to such Potential Adjustment Event is subsequently amended, modified, cancelled or abandoned, (b) the Conversion Rate (as such term is defined in the Indenture) is otherwise not adjusted at the time or in the manner contemplated by the relevant Dilution Adjustment Provision based on such declaration or (c) the Conversion Rate (as such term is defined in the Indenture) is adjusted as a result of such Potential Adjustment Event and subsequently re-adjusted (each of clauses (a), (b) and (c), a Potential Adjustment Event Change) then, in each case, the Calculation Agent shall, in a commercially reasonable manner, have the right to adjust any variable relevant to the exercise, settlement or payment for the Transaction as appropriate to reflect the costs (to account solely for hedging mismatches and market losses) and expenses incurred by Dealer in connection with its commercially reasonable hedging activities as a result of such Potential Adjustment Event Change, with such adjustments made assuming that Dealer maintains commercially reasonable hedge positions.

10 

Dilution Adjustment Provisions: Sections 14.04(a), (b), (c), (d) and (e) and Section 14.05 of the Indenture.

Extraordinary Events applicable to the Transaction: 

Merger Events: Applicable; providedthat notwithstanding Section 12.1(b) of the Equity Definitions, a Merger Event means the occurrence of any event or condition set forth in the definition of Merger Event in Section 14.07(a) of the Indenture.

Tender Offers: Applicable; provided that Tender Offer shall not have the meaning set forth in Section 12.1(d) of the Equity Definitions and instead shall mean the occurrence of any event or condition set forth in Section 14.04(e) of the Indenture. 

Consequences of Merger Events/ 

Tender Offers: Notwithstanding Section 12.2 and Section 12.3 of the Equity Definitions, upon the occurrence of a Merger Event or a Tender Offer, the Calculation Agent shall, in a commercially reasonable manner, make a corresponding adjustment in respect of any adjustment under the Indenture to any one or more of the nature of the Shares (in the case of a Merger Event), Strike Price, Number of Options, Option Entitlement and any other variable relevant to the exercise, settlement or payment for the Transaction, subject to the second paragraph under Method of Adjustment; provided,however, that such adjustment shall be made without regard to any adjustment to the Conversion Rate (as such term is defined in the Indenture) pursuant to any Excluded Provision; provided furtherthat if, with respect to a Merger Event or a Tender Offer, (i) the consideration for the Shares includes (or, at the option of a holder of Shares, may include) shares of an entity or person that is not a corporation or is not organized under the laws of the United States, any State thereof or the District of Columbia or (ii) the Counterparty to the Transaction following such Merger Event or Tender Offer will not be a corporation organized under the laws of the United States, any State thereof or the District of Columbia, then, in either case, Cancellation and Payment (Calculation Agent Determination) shall apply if (A) Dealer determines in a commercially reasonable manner at any time following the occurrence of such Merger Event or Tender Offer that (x) such Merger Event or Tender Offer has had or will have an adverse effect on Dealers rights and obligations under the Transaction or (y) Dealer will incur or has incurred an increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee to (1) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) constituting a commercially reasonable hedge position in respect of the economic risk of entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the Transaction or (2) realize, recover or remit the proceeds of any transaction(s) or asset(s) constituting a commercially reasonable hedge position in respect of the economic risk of entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the Transaction or (B) Dealer determines, in its good faith and commercially reasonable judgment, that it will not be in compliance with applicable legal, regulatory or self-regulatory requirements, or with related policies and procedures, applicable to Dealer; provided furtherthat, for the avoidance of doubt, adjustments shall be made pursuant to the provisions set forth above regardless of whether any Merger Event or Tender Offer gives rise to an Early Conversion.

11 

Consequences of Announcement Events: Modified Calculation Agent Adjustment as set forth in Section 12.3(d) of the Equity Definitions; providedthat, in respect of an Announcement Event (w) references in such Section 12.3(d) to Tender Offer shall be replaced by references to Announcement Event and references in such Section 12.3(d) to Tender Offer Date shall be replaced by references to date of such Announcement Event, (x) the phrase exercise, settlement, payment or any other terms of the Transaction (including, without limitation, the spread) in such Section 12.3(d) shall be replaced with the phrase Cap Price (providedthat in no event shall the Cap Price be less than the Strike Price), (y) the words whether within a commercially reasonable (as determined by the Calculation Agent) period of time prior to or after the Announcement Event, shall be inserted prior to the word which in the seventh line of such Section 12.3(d), and (z) for the avoidance of doubt, the Calculation Agent shall, in a commercially reasonable manner, determine whether the relevant Announcement Event has had a material economic effect on the Transaction (and, if so, shall, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner based on stock price volatility, expected dividends, interest rates, stock loan rate, value of any commercially reasonable hedge positions in connection with the Transaction and liquidity relevant to the Shares or to such Transaction, adjust the Cap Price accordingly) on one or more occasions on or after the date of the Announcement Event up to, and including, the Expiration Date, any Early Termination Date and/or any other date of cancellation, it being understood that (1) any adjustment in respect of an Announcement Event shall take into account any earlier adjustment relating to the same Announcement Event and (2) such adjustment shall be made without duplication of any other adjustment hereunder. An Announcement Event shall be an Extraordinary Event for purposes of the Equity Definitions, to which Article 12 of the Equity Definitions, as modified in this paragraph, is applicable.

12 

Announcement Event: (i) The public announcement by the Issuer, any subsidiary or agent of the Issuer or any Valid Third Party Entity of (x) any transaction or event that, if completed, would constitute a Merger Event or Tender Offer, (y) any potential acquisition or disposition by Issuer and/or its subsidiaries where the aggregate consideration exceeds 35% of the market capitalization of Issuer as of the date of such announcement (an Acquisition Transaction) or (z) the intention to enter into a Merger Event or Tender Offer or an Acquisition Transaction, (ii) the public announcement by Issuer of an intention to solicit or enter into, or to explore strategic alternatives or other similar undertaking that may include, a Merger Event or Tender Offer or an Acquisition Transaction or (iii) any subsequent public announcement by the Issuer, any subsidiary or agent of the Issuer or any Valid Third Party Entity of a change to a transaction or intention that is the subject of an announcement of the type described in clause (i) or (ii) of this sentence (including, without limitation, a new announcement, whether or not by the same party, relating to such a transaction or intention or the announcement of a withdrawal from, or the abandonment or discontinuation of, such a transaction or intention), as determined by the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner. For the avoidance of doubt, the occurrence of an Announcement Event with respect to any transaction or intention shall not preclude the occurrence of a later Announcement Event with respect to such transaction or intention. For purposes of this definition of Announcement Event, (A) Merger Event shall mean such term as defined under Section 12.1(b) of the Equity Definitions (but, for the avoidance of doubt, the remainder of the definition of Merger Event in Section 12.1(b) of the Equity Definitions following the definition of Reverse Merger therein shall be disregarded) and (B) Tender Offer shall mean such term as defined under Section 12.1(d) of the Equity Definitions, provided that Section 12.1(d) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by replacing 10% with 20% in the third line thereof; provided further that, all references to voting shares in Sections 12.1(d), 12.1(e) and 12.1(l) of the Equity Definitions shall be deemed to be references to Shares.

Valid Third Party Entity: In respect of any transaction, any third party that has a bona fide intent to enter into or consummate such transaction (it being understood and agreed that in determining whether such third party has such a bona fide intent, the Calculation Agent may take into consideration the effect of the relevant announcement by such third party on the Shares and/or options relating to the Shares).

13 

Nationalization, Insolvency or Delisting: Cancellation and Payment (Calculation Agent Determination); providedthat, in addition to the provisions of Section 12.6(a)(iii) of the Equity Definitions, it will also constitute a Delisting if the Exchange is located in the United States and the Shares are not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on any of The New York Stock Exchange, The Nasdaq Global Select Market or The Nasdaq Global Market (or their respective successors); if the Shares are immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on any of The New York Stock Exchange, The Nasdaq Global Select Market or The Nasdaq Global Market (or their respective successors), such exchange or quotation system shall thereafter be deemed to be the Exchange.

Additional Disruption Events: 

Change in Law: Applicable; providedthat Section 12.9(a)(ii) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by (i) replacing the phrase the interpretation in the third line thereof with the phrase , or public announcement of, the formal or informal interpretation, (ii) replacing the word Shares where it appears in clause (X) thereof with the words Hedge Position, (iii) replacing the parenthetical beginning after the word regulation in the second line thereof the words (including, for the avoidance of doubt and without limitation, (x) any tax law or (y) adoption, effectiveness or promulgation of new regulations authorized or mandated by existing statute) and (iv) adding the words providedthat in the case of clause (Y) hereof, the consequence of such law, regulation or interpretation is applied consistently by Dealer to all similar transactions in a non-discriminatory manner; after the semi-colon in the last line thereof; provided furtherthat, in the case of any Change in Law described in clause (Y) of Section 12.9(a)(ii) of the Equity Definitions, the consequences provided with respect to Increased Cost of Hedging in Section 12.9(b)(vi) of the Equity Definitions shall apply to such Change in Law, as if Increased Cost of Hedging were applicable to such event.

Failure to Deliver: Applicable

Hedging Disruption: Applicable; providedthat:

(i) Section 12.9(a)(v) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by inserting the following two phrases at the end of such Section:

For the avoidance of doubt, the term equity price risk shall be deemed to include, but shall not be limited to, stock price and volatility risk. And, for the further avoidance of doubt, any such transactions or assets referred to in phrases (A) or (B) above must be available on commercially reasonable pricing terms.;

14 

(ii) Section 12.9(b)(iii) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by inserting in the third line thereof, after the words to terminate the Transaction, the words or the portion of the Transaction affected by such Hedging Disruption; and

(iii) it shall not be a Hedging Disruption if such inability occurs solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Hedging Party.

Increased Cost of Hedging: Not Applicable

Hedging Party: For all applicable Additional Disruption Events, Dealer. Following any determination by the Hedging Party hereunder, within five Business Days following a written request by Counterparty therefor, the Hedging Party shall provide to Counterparty by e-mail to the e-mail address provided by Counterparty a written explanation and report (in a commonly used file format for the storage and manipulation of financial data) describing in reasonable detail any determination made by it (including, as applicable, any quotations, market data, information from internal sources used in making such determinations, descriptions of the methodology and any assumptions and basis used in making for such determination), it being understood that the Hedging Party shall not be obligated to disclose any proprietary or confidential models or proprietary or confidential information used by it for such determination. All calculations, adjustments and determinations by Dealer acting in its capacity as the Hedging Party shall be made in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and assuming that Dealer maintains a commercially reasonable hedge position.

Determining Party: For all applicable Extraordinary Events, Dealer. Following any determination by the Determining Party hereunder, within five Business Days following a written request by Counterparty therefor, the Determining Party shall provide to Counterparty by e-mail to the e-mail address provided by Counterparty a written explanation and report (in a commonly used file format for the storage and manipulation of financial data) describing in reasonable detail any determination made by it (including, as applicable, any quotations, market data, information from internal sources used in making such determinations, descriptions of the methodology and any assumptions and basis used in making for such determination), it being understood that the Determining Party shall not be obligated to disclose any proprietary or confidential models or proprietary or confidential information used by it for such determination. All calculations, adjustments, and determinations by Dealer acting in its capacity as the Determining Party shall be made in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and assuming that Dealer maintains a commercially reasonable hedge position.

15 

Non-Reliance: Applicable

Agreements and Acknowledgments 

Regarding Hedging Activities: Applicable

Additional Acknowledgments: Applicable

4. Calculation Agent. Dealer. Regardless of whether or not a standard for the actions of the Calculation
Agent is explicitly stated in any provision hereof, the standards of Section 1.40 of the Equity Definitions, as modified by adding the
words, acts or immediately before the words, is required to act in line 2 thereof, shall apply to the Calculation
Agent at all times and in respect of all circumstances hereunder. Following the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of
Default described in Section 5(a)(vii) of the Agreement with respect to which Dealer is the Defaulting Party, Counterparty shall have
the right to designate an independent, nationally recognized equity derivatives dealer to replace Dealer as Calculation Agent, and the
parties shall work in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner to execute any appropriate documentation required by such replacement
Calculation Agent. Following any determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent hereunder, within five Business Days following
a written request by Counterparty therefor, the Calculation Agent shall provide to Counterparty as soon as reasonably practicable following
such request by e-mail to the e-mail address provided by Counterparty in such request a written explanation and report (in a commonly
used file format for the storage and manipulation of financial data) displaying in commercially reasonable detail the basis for such
determination or calculation (including any quotations, market data or information from internal or external sources, and any assumptions,
used in making such determination or calculation), it being understood that the Calculation Agent shall not be obligated to disclose
any proprietary or confidential models or proprietary or confidential information used by it for such determination or calculation.

5. Account Details.

(a) Account for payments to Counterparty:

To be provided.

16 

Account for delivery of Shares to Counterparty:

To be provided.

(b) Account for payments to Dealer:

[Bank:] [_________]

[SWIFT:] [_________]

[Bank Routing:] [_________]

[Acct Name:] [_________]

[Acct No.:] [_________]

Account for delivery of Shares from Dealer:

To be provided.

6. Offices.

(a) The Office of Counterparty for the Transaction is: Inapplicable, Counterparty is not a Multibranch Party.

(b) The Office of Dealer for the Transaction is: [____________][Inapplicable; Dealer is not a Multibranch
Party]

7. Notices.

(a) Address for notices or communications to Counterparty:

To: Integer Holdings Corporation

5830 Granite Parkway, Suite 1150

Plano, Texas 75024

Attention: General Counsel

Email: [______]

(b) Address for notices or communications to Dealer:

[To: [____________]

Attention: [____________]

Telephone: [____________]

Email: [____________]

With a copy to: 

To: [____________]

Attention: [____________]

Telephone: [____________]

Email: [____________]]

8. Representations and Warranties of Counterparty.

In addition to the representations and warranties set forth in Section 3(a) of the Agreement, Counterparty hereby represents and warrants to Dealer on the date hereof and on and as of the Premium Payment Date that:

17 

(a) Counterparty is not and, after consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, will not be required
to register as an investment company as such term is defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(b) Counterparty is an eligible contract participant (as such term is defined in Section 1a(18)
of the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended, other than a person that is an eligible contract participant under Section 1a(18)(C) of the
Commodity Exchange Act).

(c) Counterparty is not, on the date hereof, in possession of any material non-public information with respect
to Counterparty or the Shares.

(d) To the knowledge of Counterparty, no state or local (including non-U.S. jurisdictions) law, rule, regulation
or regulatory order applicable to the Shares would give rise to any reporting, consent, registration or other requirement (including without
limitation a requirement to obtain prior approval from any person or entity) as a result of Dealer or its affiliates owning or holding
(however defined) Shares; provided that Counterparty makes no representation or warranty regarding any such requirement that is
applicable generally to the ownership of equity securities by Dealer or any of its affiliates solely as a result of it or any of such
affiliates being financial institutions or broker-dealers.

(e) Counterparty (A) is capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard
to all transactions and investment strategies involving a security or securities; (B) will exercise independent judgment in evaluating
the recommendations of any broker-dealer or its associated persons, unless it has otherwise notified the broker-dealer in writing; and
(C) has total assets of at least USD 50 million.

(f) On and immediately after the Trade Date and the Premium Payment Date, (A) the value of the total
assets of Counterparty is greater than the sum of the total liabilities (including contingent liabilities) and the capital (as such terms
are defined in Section 154 and Section 244 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware) of Counterparty, (B) the capital
of Counterparty is adequate to conduct the business of Counterparty, and Counterpartys entry into the Transaction will not impair
its capital, (C) Counterparty has the ability to pay its debts and obligations as such debts mature and does not intend to, and does
not believe that it will, incur debt beyond its ability to pay as such debts mature, (D) Counterparty will be able to continue as a going
concern; (E) Counterparty is not insolvent (as such term is defined under Section 101(32) of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code (Title
11 of the United States Code) (the Bankruptcy Code)) and (F) Counterparty would be able to purchase the Number of
Shares with respect to the Transaction in compliance with the laws of the jurisdiction of Counterpartys incorporation (including
the adequate surplus and capital requirements of Sections 154 and 160 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware).

(g) [Counterparty has received, read and understands the OTC Options Risk Disclosure Statement and a copy
of the most recent disclosure pamphlet prepared by The Options Clearing Corporation entitled Characteristics and Risks of Standardized
Options.]

9. Other Provisions.

(a) Opinions. Counterparty shall deliver to Dealer an opinion of counsel, dated as of the Trade
Date, with respect to the matters set forth in Section 3(a) of the Agreement, subject to customary assumptions, qualifications, and exceptions.
Delivery of such opinion to Dealer shall be a condition precedent for the purpose of Section 2(a)(iii) of the Agreement with respect to
each obligation of Dealer under Section 2(a)(i) of the Agreement.

18 

(b) Repurchase Notices. Counterparty shall, no later than one Exchange Business Day following
the day on which Counterparty effects any repurchase of Shares, give Dealer a written notice of such repurchase (a Repurchase
Notice) if following such repurchase, the number of outstanding Shares as determined on such day is (i) less than [______]
million (in the case of the first such notice) or (ii) thereafter more than [______] million less than the number of Shares included in
the immediately preceding Repurchase Notice. Counterparty agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Dealer and its affiliates and their respective
officers, directors, employees, affiliates, advisors, agents and controlling persons (each, an Indemnified Person)
from and against any and all commercially reasonable losses (including losses relating to Dealers commercially reasonable hedging
activities as a consequence of becoming, or of the risk of becoming, a Section 16 insider, including without limitation,
any forbearance from hedging activities or cessation of hedging activities and any commercially reasonable losses in connection therewith
with respect to the Transaction), claims, damages, judgments, liabilities and commercially reasonable expenses (including reasonable attorneys
fees), joint or several, which an Indemnified Person may become subject to, as a result of Counterpartys failure to provide Dealer
with a Repurchase Notice when and in the manner specified in this paragraph, and to reimburse, within 30 days, upon written request, each
of such Indemnified Persons for any reasonable legal or other expenses incurred in connection with investigating, preparing for, providing
testimony or other evidence in connection with or defending any of the foregoing. If any suit, action, proceeding (including any governmental
or regulatory investigation), claim or demand shall be brought or asserted against the Indemnified Person as a result of Counterpartys
failure to provide Dealer with a Repurchase Notice in accordance with this paragraph, such Indemnified Person shall, within a commercially
reasonable period of time, notify Counterparty in writing, and Counterparty, upon request of the Indemnified Person, shall retain counsel
reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Person to represent the Indemnified Person and any others Counterparty may designate in such
proceeding and shall pay the reasonable fees and expenses of such counsel related to such proceeding. Counterparty shall be relieved from
liability to the extent that any Indemnified Person fails to notify Counterparty within a commercially reasonable period of time of any
action commenced against it in respect of which indemnity may be sought hereunder to the extent Counterparty is materially prejudiced
as a result thereof. Counterparty shall not be liable for any settlement of any proceeding contemplated by this paragraph that is effected
without its written consent, but if settled with such consent or if there be a final judgment for the plaintiff, Counterparty agrees to
indemnify any Indemnified Person from and against any loss or liability by reason of such settlement or judgment. Counterparty shall not,
without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Person, effect any settlement of any pending or threatened proceeding contemplated
by this paragraph that is in respect of which any Indemnified Person is or could have been a party and indemnity could have been sought
hereunder by such Indemnified Person, unless such settlement includes an unconditional release of such Indemnified Person from all liability
on claims that are the subject matter of such proceeding on terms reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnified Person. If the indemnification
provided for in this paragraph is unavailable to an Indemnified Person or insufficient in respect of any losses, claims, damages or liabilities
referred to therein, then Counterparty hereunder, in lieu of indemnifying such Indemnified Person thereunder, shall contribute to the
amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Person as a result of such losses, claims, damages or liabilities. The remedies provided for
in this paragraph (b) are not exclusive and shall not limit any rights or remedies which may otherwise be available to any Indemnified
Person at law or in equity. The indemnity and contribution agreements contained in this paragraph shall remain operative and in full force
and effect regardless of the termination of the Transaction.

(c) Regulation M. Counterparty is not on the Trade Date engaged in a distribution, as such term
is used in Regulation M under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), of any securities
of Counterparty, other than (x) a distribution meeting the requirements of the exception set forth in Rules 101(b)(10) and 102(b)(7) of
Regulation M and (y) the offering and issuance by Counterparty of Shares in exchange for its 2.125% Convertible Senior Notes due 2028
in transactions to be consummated substantially concurrently with the issuance of the Convertible Notes. Counterparty shall not, until
the second Scheduled Trading Day immediately following the Effective Date, engage in any such distribution.

19 

(d) No Manipulation. Counterparty is not entering into the Transaction to create actual or apparent
trading activity in the Shares (or any security convertible into or exchangeable for the Shares) or to raise or depress or otherwise manipulate
the price of the Shares (or any security convertible into or exchangeable for the Shares) or otherwise in violation of the Exchange Act.

(e) Transfer or Assignment.

(i) Counterparty shall have the right to transfer or assign its rights and obligations hereunder with respect
to all, but not less than all, of the Options hereunder (such Options, the Transfer Options); provided that
such transfer or assignment shall be subject to reasonable conditions that Dealer may impose, including but not limited, to the following
conditions:

(A) With respect to any Transfer Options, Counterparty shall not be released from its notice and indemnification
obligations pursuant to Section 9(b) of this Confirmation or any obligations under Section 9(n) or 9(s) of this Confirmation;

(B) Any Transfer Options shall only be transferred or assigned to a third party that is a United States person
(as defined in the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended) (the Code);

(C) Such transfer or assignment shall be effected on terms, including any reasonable undertakings by such
third party (including, but not limited to, an undertaking with respect to compliance with applicable securities laws in a manner that,
in the reasonable judgment of Dealer, will not expose Dealer to material risks under applicable securities laws) and execution of any
documentation and delivery of legal opinions with respect to securities laws and other matters by such third party and Counterparty, as
are reasonably requested by and reasonably satisfactory to Dealer;

(D) Dealer will not, as a result of such transfer or assignment, be required to pay the transferee on any
payment date an amount under Section 2(d)(i)(4) of the Agreement greater than an amount that Dealer would have been required to pay to
Counterparty in the absence of such transfer or assignment;

(E) No Event of Default, Potential Event of Default or Termination Event will occur as a result of such transfer
or assignment;

(F) Without limiting the generality of clause (B), Counterparty shall cause the transferee to make such Payee
Tax Representations and to provide such tax documentation as may be reasonably requested by Dealer to permit Dealer to determine that
results described in clauses (D) and (E) will not occur upon or after such transfer or assignment; and

(G) Counterparty shall be responsible for all reasonable costs and expenses, including reasonable counsel
fees, incurred by Dealer in connection with such transfer or assignment.

20 

(ii) Dealer may transfer or assign all or any part of its rights or obligations under the Transaction (A) without
Counterpartys consent, to any affiliate of Dealer (1) that has a long-term issuer rating that is equal to or better than Dealers
credit rating at the time of such transfer or assignment, or (2) whose obligations hereunder will be guaranteed, pursuant to the terms
of a customary guarantee in a form used by Dealer generally for similar transactions, by Dealer or Dealers ultimate parent or (B)
with Counterpartys prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld) to any other recognized dealer in transactions
of the same type as the Transaction with a long-term issuer rating equal to or better than the lesser of (1) the credit rating of Dealer
at the time of the transfer and (2) A- by Standard & Poors Rating Group, Inc. or its successor (S&P),
or A3 by Moodys Investor Service, Inc. (Moodys) or, if either S&P or Moodys ceases to rate
such debt, at least an equivalent rating or better by a substitute rating agency mutually agreed by Counterparty and Dealer; provided,
however, Dealer may transfer or assign pursuant to this paragraph only if (A) either (i) the transferee is a dealer in securities
within the meaning of Section 475(c)(1) of the Code, or (ii) the transfer or assignment doesnt otherwise constitute a deemed
exchange by Counterparty within the meaning of Section 1001 of the Code, (B) Counterparty will not, as a result of any withholding
or deduction made by the transferee or assignee as a result of any Tax, receive from the transferee or assignee on any payment date or
delivery date (after accounting for amounts paid by the transferee or assignee under Section 2(d)(i)(4) of the Agreement as well as such
withholding or deduction) an amount or a number of Shares, as applicable, lower than the amount or the number of Shares, as applicable,
that Dealer would have been required to pay or deliver to Counterparty in the absence of such transfer or assignment, except to the extent
resulting from a Change in Law occurring after the date of the transfer and/or assignment and (C) no Event of Default, Potential Event
of Default or Termination Event will occur as a result of such transfer or assignment. If at any time at which (A) the Section 16 Percentage
exceeds 8.5%, (B) the Option Equity Percentage exceeds 14.5%, or (C) the Share Amount exceeds the Applicable Share Limit (if any applies)
(any such condition described in clauses (A), (B) or (C), an Excess Ownership Position), Dealer is unable after using
its commercially reasonable efforts to effect a transfer or assignment of Options to a third party on pricing terms reasonably acceptable
to Dealer and within a time period reasonably acceptable to Dealer such that no Excess Ownership Position exists, then Dealer may designate
any Exchange Business Day as an Early Termination Date with respect to a portion of the Transaction (the Terminated Portion),
such that following such partial termination no Excess Ownership Position exists. In the event that Dealer so designates an Early Termination
Date with respect to a portion of the Transaction, a payment shall be made pursuant to Section 6 of the Agreement as if (1) an Early Termination
Date had been designated in respect of a Transaction having terms identical to the Transaction and a Number of Options equal to the number
of Options underlying the Terminated Portion, (2) Counterparty were the sole Affected Party with respect to such partial termination and
(3) the Terminated Portion were the sole Affected Transaction (and, for the avoidance of doubt, the provisions of Section 9(l) of this
Confirmation shall apply to any amount that is payable by Dealer to Counterparty pursuant to this sentence as if Counterparty was not
the Affected Party). The Section 16 Percentage as of any day is the fraction, expressed as a percentage, (A) the
numerator of which is the number of Shares that Dealer and any of its affiliates or any other person subject to aggregation with Dealer
for purposes of the beneficial ownership test under Section 13 of the Exchange Act, or any group (within the
meaning of Section 13 of the Exchange Act) of which Dealer is or may be deemed to be a part beneficially owns (within the meaning of Section
13 of the Exchange Act), without duplication, on such day (or, to the extent that for any reason the equivalent calculation under Section
16 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder results in a higher number, such higher number) and (B) the denominator
of which is the number of Shares outstanding on such day. The Option Equity Percentage as of any day is the fraction,
expressed as a percentage, (A) the numerator of which is the sum of (1) the product of the Number of Options and the Option Entitlement
and (2) the aggregate number of Shares underlying any other call option transaction sold by Dealer to Counterparty, and (B) the denominator
of which is the number of Shares outstanding. The Share Amount as of any day is the number of Shares that Dealer
and any person whose ownership position would be aggregated with that of Dealer (Dealer or any such person, a Dealer Person)
under any law, rule, regulation, regulatory order or organizational documents or contracts of Counterparty that are, in each case, applicable
to ownership of Shares (Applicable Restrictions), owns, beneficially owns, constructively owns, controls, holds the
power to vote or otherwise meets a relevant definition of ownership under any Applicable Restriction, as determined by Dealer in its reasonable
discretion. The Applicable Share Limit means a number of Shares equal to (A) the minimum number of Shares that, in
Dealers reasonable judgment based on advice of counsel, could give rise to reporting or registration obligations (except for filings
on Form 13F, Schedule 13D or Schedule 13G, in each case, as in effect on the Trade Date) or other requirements (including obtaining prior
approval from any person or entity) of a Dealer Person, or could result in an adverse effect on a Dealer Person, under any Applicable
Restriction, as determined by Dealer in its reasonable discretion, minus (B) 1% of the number of Shares outstanding. Dealer shall
provide Counterparty with written notice of any transfer or assignment on the date of or as promptly as practicable after the date of
such transfer or assignment.

21 

(iii) Notwithstanding any other provision in this Confirmation to the contrary requiring or allowing Dealer
to purchase, sell, receive or deliver any Shares or other securities, or make or receive any payment in cash, to or from Counterparty,
Dealer may designate any of its affiliates to purchase, sell, receive or deliver such Shares or other securities, or to make or receive
such payment in cash, and otherwise to perform Dealers obligations in respect of the Transaction and any such designee may assume
such obligations. Dealer shall be discharged of its obligations to Counterparty to the extent of any such performance.

(f) Staggered Settlement. If upon advice of counsel with respect to applicable legal and regulatory
requirements, including any requirements relating to Dealers commercially reasonable hedging activities hereunder, Dealer reasonably
determines, based on the advice of counsel, that it would not be practicable or advisable to deliver, or to acquire Shares to deliver,
any or all of the Shares to be delivered by Dealer on any Settlement Date for the Transaction, Dealer may, by notice to Counterparty on
or prior to any Settlement Date (a Nominal Settlement Date), elect to deliver the Shares on two or more dates (each,
a Staggered Settlement Date) as follows:

(i) in such notice, Dealer will specify to Counterparty the related Staggered Settlement Dates (the first
of which will be such Nominal Settlement Date and the last of which will be no later than the twentieth (20th) Exchange Business
Day following such Nominal Settlement Date) and the number of Shares that it will deliver on each Staggered Settlement Date;

(ii) the aggregate number of Shares that Dealer will deliver to Counterparty hereunder on all such Staggered
Settlement Dates will equal the number of Shares that Dealer would otherwise be required to deliver on such Nominal Settlement Date; and

(iii) if the Net Share Settlement terms or the Combination Settlement terms set forth above were to apply on
the Nominal Settlement Date, then the Net Share Settlement terms or the Combination Settlement terms, as the case may be, will apply on
each Staggered Settlement Date, except that the Shares otherwise deliverable on such Nominal Settlement Date will be allocated among such
Staggered Settlement Dates as specified by Dealer in the notice referred to in clause (i) above.

(g) [Reserved.]

(h) [Conduct Rules. Each party acknowledges and agrees to be bound by the Conduct Rules of the
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority applicable to transactions in options, and further agrees not to violate the position and exercise
limits set forth therein.] [Reserved.]

22 

(i) Additional Termination Events.

(i) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Confirmation, upon any Early Conversion in respect of
which a Notice of Conversion that is effective as to Counterparty has been delivered by the relevant converting Holder (as
such term is defined in the Indenture):

(A) Counterparty shall, within five Scheduled Trading Days of the Conversion Date for such Early Conversion,
provide written notice (an Early Conversion Notice) to Dealer specifying the number of Convertible Notes surrendered
for conversion on such Conversion Date (such Convertible Notes, the Affected Convertible Notes).

(B) Upon receipt of any such Early Conversion Notice, Dealer shall designate an Exchange Business Day as an
Early Termination Date (which Exchange Business Day shall be on or as promptly as reasonably practicable after the related settlement
date for the conversion of such Affected Convertible Notes) with respect to the portion of the Transaction corresponding to a number of
Options (the Affected Number of Options) equal to the lesser of (x) the number of Affected Convertible Notes and
(y) the Number of Options as of the Conversion Date for such Early Conversion.

(C) Any payment hereunder with respect to such termination pursuant to this Section 9(i)(i) shall be calculated
pursuant to Section 6 of the Agreement as if (x) an Early Termination Date had been designated in respect of a Transaction having terms
identical to the Transaction and a Number of Options equal to the Affected Number of Options, (y) Counterparty were the sole Affected
Party with respect to such Additional Termination Event and (z) the terminated portion of the Transaction were the sole Affected Transaction;
provided that the amount payable with respect to such termination shall not be greater than (1) the Applicable Percentage, multiplied
by (2) the Affected Number of Options, multiplied by (3) (x) the sum of (i) the amount of cash paid to the Holder
(as such term is defined in the Indenture) of an Affected Convertible Note upon conversion of such Affected Convertible Note and (ii)
the number of Shares delivered (if any) to the Holder (as such term is defined in the Indenture) of an Affected Convertible
Note upon conversion of such Affected Convertible Note, multiplied by the Applicable Limit Price on the relevant date of payment,
minus (y) the Synthetic Instrument Adjusted Issue Price per Convertible Note, as determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith
and in a commercially reasonable manner. Synthetic Instrument Adjusted Issue Price per Convertible Note shall
mean the amount determined by the Calculation Agent utilizing the numbers in the table set forth below (the Synthetic Instrument
AIP Table) based on the date of payment of the amount due with respect to the relevant Affected Number of Options (the Affected
Unwind Date). If the Affected Unwind Date is not listed in the Synthetic Instrument AIP Table, the amount in the preceding
sentence shall be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the Synthetic Instrument AIP Table using a linear interpolation
between the lower and higher Synthetic Instrument Adjusted Issue Prices per Convertible Note for the Affected Unwind Dates immediately
preceding and immediately following the relevant Affected Unwind Date. For the avoidance of doubt, any payment pursuant to this paragraph
shall be subject to Section 9(l) of this Confirmation.

23 

Affected Unwind Date Synthetic Instrument Adjusted 

Issue Price per Convertible Note

March 18, 2025 USD [______]

September 15, 2025 USD [______]

March 15, 2026 USD [______]

September 15, 2026 USD [______]

March 15, 2027 USD [______]

September 15, 2027 USD [______]

March 15, 2028 USD [______]

September 15, 2028 USD [______]

March 15, 2029 USD [______]

September 15, 2029 USD [______]

March 15, 2030 USD [______]

(D) For the avoidance of doubt, in respect of any termination pursuant to
this Section 9(i)(i), in determining the amount payable in respect of the relevant Affected Transaction pursuant to Section 6 of the Agreement,
the Calculation Agent shall assume that (x) the relevant Early Conversion and any conversions, adjustments, agreements, payments, deliveries
or acquisitions by or on behalf of Counterparty leading thereto had not occurred, (y) no adjustments to the Conversion Rate
(as such term is defined in the Indenture) have occurred pursuant to any Excluded Provision and (z) the corresponding Convertible Notes
remain outstanding.

(E) Following any termination pursuant to this Section 9(i)(i), the Transaction shall remain in full force
and effect, except that, as of the Conversion Date for such Early Conversion, the Number of Options shall be reduced by the Affected Number
of Options.

(ii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Confirmation, if an event of default with respect to
Counterparty occurs under the terms of the Convertible Notes as set forth in Section 6.01 of the Indenture and the Convertible Notes are
declared due and payable as a result thereof, then such event of default shall constitute an Additional Termination Event applicable to
the Transaction and, with respect to such Additional Termination Event, (A) Counterparty shall be deemed to be the sole Affected Party,
(B) the Transaction shall be the sole Affected Transaction and (C) Dealer shall be the party entitled to designate an Early Termination
Date pursuant to Section 6(b) of the Agreement.

(iii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Confirmation, the occurrence of an Amendment Event shall
constitute an Additional Termination Event applicable to the Transaction and, with respect to such Additional Termination Event, (A) Counterparty
shall be deemed to be the sole Affected Party, (B) the Transaction shall be the sole Affected Transaction and (C) Dealer shall be the
party entitled to designate an Early Termination Date pursuant to Section 6(b) of the Agreement. Amendment Event
means that Counterparty amends, modifies, supplements, waives or obtains a waiver in respect of any term of the Indenture or the Convertible
Notes governing the principal amount, coupon, maturity, repurchase obligation of Counterparty, redemption right of Counterparty, any term
relating to conversion of the Convertible Notes (including changes to the conversion rate, conversion rate adjustment provisions, conversion
settlement dates or conversion conditions), or any term that would require consent of the holders of not less than 100% of the principal
amount of the Convertible Notes to amend (other than, in each case, any amendment or supplement (x) pursuant to Section 10.01(h) of the
Indenture that, as determined by the Calculation Agent, conforms the Indenture to the description of Convertible Notes in the Offering
Memorandum or (y) pursuant to Section 10.01(a) or Section 14.07 of the Indenture), in each case, without the consent of Dealer.

24 

(iv) Within five Scheduled Trading Days following any Repayment Event (as defined below), Counterparty (i)
shall (solely to the extent that such Repayment Event results directly from a Fundamental Change (as such term is defined
in the Indenture) or an Optional Redemption (as such term is defined in the Indenture)), and (ii) otherwise may, but shall
not be obligated to, notify Dealer of such Repayment Event and the aggregate principal amount of Convertible Notes subject to such Repayment
Event (any such notice, a Repayment Notice); provided that in the case of (ii) only, such Repayment Notice
shall contain the representation and warranty that Counterparty is not, on the date thereof, aware of any material non-public information
with respect to Counterparty or the Shares. The receipt by Dealer from Counterparty of any Repayment Notice, within the applicable time
period set forth in the preceding sentence, shall constitute an Additional Termination Event as provided in this paragraph, it being understood
that no Repayment Event shall constitute an Additional Termination Event hereunder unless Dealer has so received such Repayment Notice.
Upon receipt of any such Repayment Notice, Dealer shall designate an Exchange Business Day following receipt of such Repayment Notice
(which in no event shall be earlier than the date on which the relevant Repayment Event occurs or is consummated) as an Early Termination
Date with respect to the portion of the Transaction corresponding to a number of Options (the Repayment Options)
equal to the lesser of (A) the aggregate principal amount of such Convertible Notes specified in such Repayment Notice, divided by
USD 1,000 and (B) the Number of Options as of the date Dealer designates such Early Termination Date and, as of such date, the Number
of Options shall be reduced by the number of Repayment Options. Any payment hereunder with respect to such termination (the Repayment
Unwind Payment) shall be calculated pursuant to Section 6 of the Agreement as if (1) an Early Termination Date had been designated
in respect of a Transaction having terms identical to the Transaction and a Number of Options equal to the number of Repayment Options,
(2) Counterparty were the sole Affected Party with respect to such Additional Termination Event and (3) the terminated portion of the
Transaction was the sole Affected Transaction, provided that, in the event of a Repayment Event resulting from a Fundamental Change
(as such term is defined in the Indenture) or in connection with an Optional Redemption (as such term is defined in the
Indenture), the Repayment Unwind Payment shall not be greater than (x) the number of Repurchase Options multiplied by (y) the product
of (A) the Applicable Percentage and (B) (x) the amount paid by Counterparty per Convertible Note in connection with the relevant Repayment
Event pursuant to the relevant sections of the Indenture minus (y) the Synthetic Instrument Adjusted Issue Price per Convertible
Note, as determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner by reference to the Synthetic Instrument
AIP Table based on the date of payment of the relevant amount (the Repayment Date) as if such Repayment Date were
the Affected Unwind Date. If the relevant Repayment Date is not listed in the Synthetic Instrument AIP Table, the amount in
the preceding sentence shall be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the Synthetic Instrument AIP Table using a linear
interpolation between the lower and higher Synthetic Instrument Adjusted Issue Prices per Convertible Note for the Affected Unwind Dates
immediately preceding and immediately following the relevant Repayment Date. For the avoidance of doubt, any payment pursuant to this
paragraph shall be subject to Section 9(l) of this Confirmation. For the avoidance of doubt, solely for purposes of calculating the amount
payable pursuant to Section 6 of the Agreement pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence, Dealer shall assume that the relevant Repayment
Event (and, if applicable, the related Fundamental Change (as such term is defined in the Indenture) and the announcement
of such Fundamental Change (as such term is defined in the Indenture)) had not occurred. Repayment Event
means that (i) any Convertible Notes are repurchased and cancelled in accordance with the Indenture (whether in connection with or as
a result of a Fundamental Change (as such term is defined in the Indenture), upon an Optional Redemption (as
such term is defined in the Indenture) or for any other reason) by Counterparty or any of its subsidiaries, (ii) any Convertible Notes
are delivered to Counterparty or any of its subsidiaries in exchange for delivery of any property or assets of such party (howsoever described),
(iii) any principal of any of the Convertible Notes is repaid prior to the final maturity date of the Convertible Notes (for any reason
other than as a result of an acceleration of the Convertible Notes that results in an Additional Termination Event pursuant to the preceding
Section 9(i)(ii)), or (iv) any Convertible Notes are exchanged by or for the benefit of the holders thereof for any other securities of
Counterparty or any of its subsidiaries (or any other property, or any combination thereof) pursuant to any exchange offer or similar
transaction. For the avoidance of doubt, any conversion of Convertible Notes (whether into cash, Shares, reference property or any combination
thereof) pursuant to the terms of the Indenture shall not constitute a Repayment Event. In addition, Counterparty acknowledges, based
on advice of outside counsel, its responsibilities under applicable securities laws, including, in particular, Sections 9 and 10(b) of
the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder in respect of the Repayment Event, including, without limitation, the delivery
of a Repayment Notice hereunder.

25 

(j) Amendments to Equity Definitions.

(i) Section 11.2(e)(vii) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by deleting the words that may
have a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Shares and replacing them with the words that
is the result of a corporate event involving the Issuer or its securities that has, in the commercially reasonable judgment of the Calculation
Agent, a material economic effect on the Shares or the Options.

(ii) Section 12.9(b)(i) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by (1) replacing either party may
elect with Dealer may elect and (2) replacing notice to the other party with notice to Counterparty
in the first sentence of such section.

(k) Setoff. Notwithstanding any provision of the Agreement and this Confirmation (including
without limitation this Section 9(k)) or any other agreement between the parties to the contrary, each party waives any and all rights
it may have to set off obligations arising under the Agreement and the Transaction against other obligations between the parties, whether
arising under any other agreement, applicable law or otherwise.

(l) Alternative Calculations and Payment on Early Termination and on Certain Extraordinary Events.
If (a) an Early Termination Date (whether as a result of an Event of Default or a Termination Event) occurs or is designated with respect
to the Transaction or (b) the Transaction is cancelled or terminated upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event (except as a result
of (i) a Nationalization, Insolvency or Merger Event in which the consideration to be paid to all holders of Shares consists solely of
cash, (ii) an Announcement Event, Merger Event or Tender Offer that is within Counterpartys control, or (iii) an Event of Default
in which Counterparty is the Defaulting Party or a Termination Event in which Counterparty is the sole Affected Party other than an Event
of Default of the type described in Section 5(a)(iii), (v), (vi), (vii) or (viii) of the Agreement or a Termination Event of the type
described in Section 5(b) of the Agreement, in each case that resulted from an event or events outside Counterpartys control),
and if Dealer would owe any amount to Counterparty pursuant to Section 6(d)(ii) of the Agreement or any Cancellation Amount pursuant to
Article 12 of the Equity Definitions (any such amount, a Payment Obligation), then Dealer shall satisfy the Payment
Obligation by the Share Termination Alternative (as defined below), unless (a) Counterparty gives irrevocable telephonic notice to
Dealer, confirmed in writing within one Scheduled Trading Day, no later than 12:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date of the Announcement
Event, Merger Date, Tender Offer Date, Announcement Date (in the case of a Nationalization, Insolvency or Delisting), Early Termination
Date or date of cancellation, as applicable, of its election that the Share Termination Alternative shall not apply, (b) Counterparty
remakes the representation set forth in Section 8(c) of this Confirmation as of the date of such election and (c) Dealer agrees, in its
sole discretion, to such election, in which case the provisions of Section 12.7 or Section 12.9 of the Equity Definitions, or the provisions
of Section 6(d)(ii) of the Agreement, as the case may be, shall apply.

26 

Share Termination Alternative: If applicable, Dealer shall deliver to Counterparty the Share Termination Delivery Property on, or within a commercially reasonable period of time after, the date when the relevant Payment Obligation would otherwise be due pursuant to Section 12.7 or 12.9 of the Equity Definitions or Section 6(d)(ii) and 6(e) of the Agreement, as applicable, in satisfaction of such Payment Obligation in the manner reasonably requested by Counterparty free of payment.

Share Termination Delivery Property: A number of Share Termination Delivery Units, as calculated by the Calculation Agent, equal to the Payment Obligation divided by the Share Termination Unit Price. The Calculation Agent shall adjust the Share Termination Delivery Property by replacing any fractional portion of a security therein with an amount of cash equal to the value of such fractional security based on the values used to calculate the Share Termination Unit Price.

Share Termination Delivery Unit: One Share or, if the Shares have changed into cash or any other property or the right to receive cash or any other property as the result of a Nationalization, Insolvency or Merger Event (any such cash or other property, the Exchange Property), a unit consisting of the type and amount of such Exchange Property received by a holder of one Share (without consideration of any requirement to pay cash or other consideration in lieu of fractional amounts of any securities) in such Nationalization, Insolvency or Merger Event, as determined by the Calculation Agent.

Share Termination Unit Price: The value to Dealer of property contained in one Share Termination Delivery Unit, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion by commercially reasonable means and notified by the Calculation Agent to Dealer at the time of notification of the Payment Obligation. For the avoidance of doubt, the parties agree that in determining the Share Termination Delivery Unit Price the Calculation Agent may consider the purchase price paid in connection with the purchase of Share Termination Delivery Property that was purchased in connection with the delivery of the Share Termination Delivery Units.

Failure to Deliver: Applicable

27 

Other applicable provisions: If Share Termination Alternative is applicable, the provisions of Sections 9.8, 9.9 and 9.11 (as modified above) of the Equity Definitions and the provisions set forth opposite the caption Representation and Agreement in Section 2 of this Confirmation will be applicable, except that all references in such provisions to Physically-settled shall be read as references to Share Termination Settled and all references to Shares shall be read as references to Share Termination Delivery Units. Share Termination Settled in relation to the Transaction means that Share Termination Alternative is applicable to the Transaction.

(m) Waiver of Jury Trial. Each party waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law,
any right it may have to a trial by jury in respect of any suit, action or proceeding relating to the Transaction. Each party (i) certifies
that no representative, agent or attorney of either party has represented, expressly or otherwise, that such other party would not, in
the event of such a suit, action or proceeding, seek to enforce the foregoing waiver and (ii) acknowledges that it and the other party
have been induced to enter into the Transaction, as applicable, by, among other things, the mutual waivers and certifications provided
herein.

(n) Registration. Counterparty hereby agrees that if, in the good faith and commercially reasonable
judgment of Dealer, based on the advice of counsel, the Shares acquired and held by Dealer for the purpose of effecting a commercially
reasonable hedge of its obligations pursuant to the Transaction (Hedge Shares) cannot be sold in the public market
by Dealer without registration under the Securities Act (other than any such Hedge Shares that were, at the time of acquisition by Dealer,
restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act)), Counterparty shall, at its election, either (i)
in order to allow Dealer to sell the Hedge Shares in a registered offering, make available to Dealer an effective registration statement
under the Securities Act and enter into an agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Dealer, substantially in the form
of an underwriting agreement for a registered secondary offering of substantially similar size and in a similar industry; provided,
however, that if Dealer, in its sole reasonable discretion, is not satisfied with access to due diligence materials, the results
of its due diligence investigation, or the procedures and documentation for the registered offering referred to above, then clause (ii)
or clause (iii) of this paragraph shall apply at the election of Counterparty, (ii) in order to allow Dealer to sell the Hedge Shares
in a private placement, enter into a private placement agreement substantially similar to private placement purchase agreements customary
for private placements of equity securities of similar size and industry, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Dealer (in
which case, the Calculation Agent shall make any adjustments to the terms of the Transaction that are necessary, in its commercially reasonable
judgment, to compensate Dealer for any commercially reasonable discount from the public market price of the Shares incurred on the sale
of Hedge Shares in a private placement), or (iii) purchase the Hedge Shares from Dealer at the then-current market price on such Exchange
Business Days, and in the amounts and at such time(s), requested by Dealer.

(o) Tax Disclosure. Effective from the date of commencement of discussions concerning the Transaction,
Counterparty and each of its employees, representatives, or other agents may disclose to any and all persons, without limitation of any
kind, the tax treatment and tax structure of the Transaction and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses)
that are provided to Counterparty relating to such tax treatment and tax structure.

(p) Right to Extend. Dealer may postpone or add, in whole or in part, any Valid Day or Valid
Days during the Settlement Averaging Period or any other date of valuation, payment or delivery by Dealer, with respect to some or all
of the Options hereunder, to the extent Dealer determines in its commercially reasonable discretion (and in the case of clause (ii) below,
based on the advice of counsel), that such action is reasonably necessary or appropriate (i) to preserve Dealers commercially reasonable
hedging or hedge unwind activity hereunder in light of existing liquidity conditions (but only if there is a material decrease in liquidity
relative to Dealers expectations on the Trade Date) or (ii) to enable Dealer to effect purchases or sales of Shares in connection
with its commercially reasonable hedging, hedge unwind or settlement activity hereunder in a manner that would, if Dealer were Counterparty
or an affiliated purchaser of Counterparty, be in compliance with applicable legal, regulatory or self-regulatory requirements, or with
related policies and procedures applicable to Dealer (so long as such policies or procedures are consistently applied to transactions
similar to the Transaction); provided that no such Valid Day or other date of valuation, payment or delivery may be postponed or
added more than 50 Valid Days after the original Valid Day or other date of valuation, payment or delivery, as the case may be.

28 

(q) Status of Claims in Bankruptcy. Dealer acknowledges and agrees that this Confirmation is
not intended to convey to Dealer rights against Counterparty with respect to the Transaction that are senior to the claims of common stockholders
of Counterparty in any United States bankruptcy proceedings of Counterparty; provided that nothing herein shall limit or shall
be deemed to limit Dealers right to pursue remedies in the event of a breach by Counterparty of its obligations and agreements
with respect to the Transaction; provided further that nothing herein shall limit or shall be deemed to limit Dealers rights
in respect of any transactions other than the Transaction.

(r) Securities Contract; Swap Agreement. The parties hereto intend for (i) the Transaction to
be a securities contract and a swap agreement as defined in the Bankruptcy Code, and the parties hereto to
be entitled to the protections afforded by, among other Sections, Sections 362(b)(6), 362(b)(17), 546(e), 546(g), 555 and 560 of the Bankruptcy
Code, (ii) a partys right to liquidate the Transaction and to exercise any other remedies upon the occurrence of any Event of Default
under the Agreement with respect to the other party to constitute a contractual right as described in the Bankruptcy Code,
and (iii) each payment and delivery of cash, securities or other property hereunder to constitute a margin payment or settlement
payment and a transfer as defined in the Bankruptcy Code.

(s) Notice of Certain Other Events. Counterparty covenants and agrees that:

(i) promptly following the public announcement of the results of any election by the holders of Shares with
respect to the consideration due upon consummation of any Merger Event, Counterparty shall give Dealer written notice of the types and
amounts of consideration actually received by holders of Shares pursuant to such Merger Event (the date of such notification, the Consideration
Notification Date); provided that in no event shall the Consideration Notification Date be later than the date on which
such Merger Event is consummated; and

(ii) (A) Counterparty shall give Dealer commercially reasonable advance (but in no event less than one Exchange
Business Day) written notice of the section or sections of the Indenture and, if applicable, the formula therein, pursuant to which any
adjustment will be made to the Convertible Notes in connection with any Potential Adjustment Event, Merger Event or Tender Offer and (B)
promptly following any such adjustment, Counterparty shall give Dealer written notice of the details of such adjustment.

(t) Wall Street Transparency and Accountability Act. In connection with Section 739 of the Wall
Street Transparency and Accountability Act of 2010 (WSTAA), the parties hereby agree that neither the enactment of
WSTAA or any regulation under the WSTAA, nor any requirement under WSTAA or an amendment made by WSTAA, shall limit or otherwise impair
either partys otherwise applicable rights to terminate, renegotiate, modify, amend or supplement this Confirmation or the Agreement,
as applicable, arising from a termination event, force majeure, illegality, increased costs, regulatory change or similar event under
this Confirmation, the Equity Definitions incorporated herein, or the Agreement (including, but not limited to, rights arising from Change
in Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging, an Excess Ownership Position, or Illegality (as defined in the Agreement)).

29 

(u) Agreements and Acknowledgements Regarding Hedging. Counterparty understands, acknowledges
and agrees that: (A) at any time on and prior to the Expiration Date, Dealer and its affiliates may buy or sell Shares or other securities
or buy or sell options or futures contracts or enter into swaps or other derivative securities in order to adjust its hedge position with
respect to the Transaction; (B) Dealer and its affiliates also may be active in the market for Shares other than in connection with hedging
activities in relation to the Transaction; (C) Dealer shall make its own determination as to whether, when or in what manner any hedging
or market activities in securities of Issuer shall be conducted and shall do so in a manner that it deems appropriate to hedge its price
and market risk with respect to the Relevant Prices; and (D) any market activities of Dealer and its affiliates with respect to Shares
may affect the market price and volatility of Shares, as well as the Relevant Prices, each in a manner that may be adverse to Counterparty.

(v) Early Unwind. In the event the sale of the Initial Securities (as defined
in the Purchase Agreement) is not consummated with the Initial Purchasers for any reason, or Counterparty fails to deliver to Dealer opinions
of counsel as required pursuant to Section 9(a) of this Confirmation, in each case by 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Premium Payment
Date, or such later date as agreed upon by the parties (the Premium Payment Date or such later date, the Early Unwind Date),
the Transaction shall automatically terminate (the Early Unwind) on the Early Unwind Date and (i) the Transaction
and all of the respective rights and obligations of Dealer and Counterparty under the Transaction shall be cancelled and terminated and
(ii) each party shall be released and discharged by the other party from and agrees not to make any claim against the other party with
respect to any obligations or liabilities of the other party arising out of and to be performed in connection with the Transaction either
prior to or after the Early Unwind Date. Each of Dealer and Counterparty represents and acknowledges to the other that upon an Early Unwind,
all obligations with respect to the Transaction shall be deemed fully and finally discharged.

(w) Tax Matters.

(i) Withholding Tax imposed on payments to
non-U.S. counterparties under the United States Foreign Account Tax Compliance provisions of the HIRE Act. The parties hereto agree
that for the Transaction the terms Tax and Indemnifiable Tax as defined in Section 14 of the Agreement, shall
not include any Tax imposed pursuant to Section 1471 or 1472 of the Code, as amended, any current or future regulations or official interpretations
thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices
adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Code (a
FATCA Withholding Tax). For the avoidance of doubt, a FATCA Withholding Tax is a Tax the deduction or withholding
of which is required by applicable law for the purposes of Section 2(d)(i) of the Agreement.

(ii) Tax Documentation. For purposes of
Section 4(a)(i) and (ii) of the Agreement, (i) Counterparty agrees to deliver to Dealer one duly executed and completed United States
Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 (or successor thereto) and (ii) Dealer agrees to deliver to Counterparty [one duly executed and completed
United States Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 (or successor thereto)], in each case, (A) or before the date of execution of this Confirmation
and (B) promptly upon learning that any such tax form previously provided by it has become obsolete or incorrect. Additionally, each party
shall, promptly upon request by the other party, provide such other tax forms and documents reasonably requested by the other party.

(iii) Payee Tax Representations. Counterparty
is a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes and is organized under the laws of the State of Delaware. Counterparty is a U.S.
person (as that term is used in section 1.1441-4(a)(3)(ii) of United States Treasury Regulations) for U.S. federal income tax purposes
and an exempt recipient under Treasury Regulation Section 1.6049-4(c)(1)(ii). [Dealer is a U.S. person (as that term is
used in section 1.1441-4(a)(3)(ii) of United States Treasury Regulations) for U.S. federal income tax purposes and an exempt recipient
under Treasury Regulation Section 1.6049-4(c)(1)(ii).] Each party agrees to give notice of any failure of a representation made by it
under this Section 9(w)(iii) to be accurate and true promptly upon learning of such failure.

30 

(iv) Section 871(m). The parties hereto
agree that for the Transaction the terms Tax and Indemnifiable Tax as defined in Section 14 of the Agreement
shall not include any tax imposed on payments treated as dividends from sources within the United States under Section 871(m) of the Code
or any regulations issued thereunder.

(x) Payment by Counterparty. In the event that, following payment of the Premium, (i) an Early
Termination Date occurs or is designated with respect to the Transaction as a result of a Termination Event or an Event of Default (other
than an Event of Default arising under Section 5(a)(ii) or 5(a)(iv) of the Agreement) and, as a result, Counterparty owes to Dealer an
amount calculated under Section 6(e) of the Agreement, or (ii) Counterparty owes to Dealer, pursuant to Section 12.7 or Section 12.9 of
the Equity Definitions, an amount calculated under Section 12.8 of the Equity Definitions, such amount shall be deemed to be zero.

(y) Other Adjustments Pursuant to the Equity Definitions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
in the Agreement, the Equity Definitions or this Confirmation, upon the occurrence of a Merger Date, the occurrence of a Tender Offer
Date, or declaration by Counterparty of the terms of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent shall determine in good faith
and in a commercially reasonable manner whether such occurrence or declaration, as applicable, has had a material economic effect on the
Transaction, and if so, shall, in its good faith and commercially reasonable discretion, adjust the Cap Price to account for the economic
effect on the Transaction of such occurrence or declaration (provided that in no event shall the Cap Price be less than the Strike
Price; and provided further that any adjustment to the Cap Price made pursuant to this section shall be made without duplication
of any other adjustment hereunder and that such adjustments may be made to account solely for changes in stock price volatility, expected
dividends, interest rates, stock loan rate, value of any commercially reasonable hedge positions in connection with the Transaction and
liquidity relevant to the Shares or to such Transaction). Solely for purposes of this Section 9(y): (x) the terms Potential
Adjustment Event, Merger Event, and Tender Offer shall each have the meanings assigned to each such
term in the Equity Definitions (in the case of the definition of Potential Adjustment Event, as amended by Section 9(j)(i)
of this Confirmation, and in the case of the definition of Tender Offer, as amended by the provisions opposite the caption
Announcement Event in Section 3 of this Confirmation) and (y) Extraordinary Dividend means any cash
dividend on the Shares.

(z) CARES Act. Counterparty acknowledges that the Transaction may constitute a purchase of its
equity securities or a capital distribution. Counterparty further acknowledges that, pursuant to the provisions of the Coronavirus Aid,
Relief and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act), Counterparty will be required to agree to certain time-bound restrictions
on its ability to purchase its equity securities or make capital distributions if it receives loans, loan guarantees or direct loans (as
that term is defined in the CARES Act) under section 4003(b) of the CARES Act. Counterparty further acknowledges that it may be required
to agree to certain time-bound restrictions on its ability to purchase its equity securities or make capital distributions if it receives
loans, loan guarantees or direct loans (as that term is defined in the CARES Act) under programs or facilities established by the Board
of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the U.S. Department of Treasury or similar governmental entity for the purpose of providing
liquidity to the financial system. Accordingly, Counterparty represents and warrants that neither it, nor any of its subsidiaries have
applied, and have no present intention to apply, for a loan, loan guarantee, direct loan (as that term is defined in the CARES
Act) or other investment, or to receive any financial assistance or relief (howsoever defined) under any program or facility that (a)
is established under applicable law (whether in existence as of the Trade Date or subsequently enacted, adopted or amended), including
without limitation the CARES Act and the Federal Reserve Act, as amended, and (b) requires under applicable law (or any regulation, guidance,
interpretation or other pronouncement thereunder), as a condition of such loan, loan guarantee, direct loan (as that term is defined in
the CARES Act), investment, financial assistance or relief, that Counterparty comply with any requirement to, or otherwise agree, attest,
certify or warrant that it has not, as of the date specified in such condition, repurchased, or will not repurchase, any equity security
of Counterparty; provided that Counterparty may apply for any such governmental assistance if Counterparty determines
based on the advice of nationally recognized outside counsel that the terms of the Transaction would not cause Counterparty to fail to
satisfy any condition for application for or receipt or retention of such governmental assistance based on the terms of the relevant program
or facility as of the date of such advice. Counterparty further represents and warrants that the Premium is not being paid, in whole or
in part, directly or indirectly, with funds received under or pursuant to any program or facility, including the U.S. Small Business Administrations
Paycheck Protection Program, that (a) is established under applicable law, including without limitation the CARES Act and
the Federal Reserve Act, as amended, and (b) requires under such applicable law (or any regulation, guidance, interpretation or other
pronouncement of a governmental authority with jurisdiction for such program or facility) that such funds be used for specified or enumerated
purposes that do not include the purchase of this Transaction (either by specific reference to this Transaction or by general reference
to transactions with the attributes of this Transaction in all relevant respects).

31 

(aa) [Insert Dealer agency boilerplate, if applicable.]

(bb) [Insert preferred form of US QFC Stay Rule language for each Dealer, as applicable.]

(cc) [Insert additional Dealer boilerplate, if applicable.]

[Signature Pages Follow]

32 

Please confirm that the foregoing correctly sets forth
the terms of our agreement by executing this Confirmation and returning it to Dealer.

Very truly yours,

[Dealer]

By: 

Name: 

Title:

[Signature Page to the Base Capped Call Confirmation]

Accepted and confirmed

as of the Trade Date:

INTEGER HOLDINGS CORPORATION 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature Page to the Base Capped Call Confirmation]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>exh_102.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

[Dealers name]

[Dealers address]

March 14, 2025

To: Integer Holdings Corporation

5830 Granite Parkway, Suite 1150

Plano, Texas 75024

Attention: General Counsel

Email: [______]

Re: Additional Call Option Transaction

The purpose of this letter agreement (this Confirmation)
is to confirm the terms and conditions of the call option transaction entered into between [DEALER] (Dealer) and
Integer Holdings Corporation (Counterparty) as of the Trade Date specified below (the Transaction).
This letter agreement constitutes a Confirmation as referred to in the ISDA Master Agreement specified below. Each party
further agrees that this Confirmation together with the Agreement evidence a complete binding agreement between Counterparty and Dealer
as to the subject matter and terms of the Transaction to which this Confirmation relates, and shall supersede all prior or contemporaneous
written or oral communications with respect thereto.

The definitions and provisions contained in the 2002
ISDA Equity Derivatives Definitions (the Equity Definitions), as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives
Association, Inc. (ISDA) are incorporated into this Confirmation. In the event of any inconsistency between the Equity
Definitions and this Confirmation, this Confirmation shall govern. Certain defined terms used herein are based on terms that are defined
in the Offering Memorandum dated March 12, 2025 (the Offering Memorandum) relating to the 1.875% Convertible Senior
Notes due 2030 (as originally issued by Counterparty, the Convertible Notes and each USD 1,000 principal amount of
Convertible Notes, a Convertible Note) issued by Counterparty in an aggregate initial principal amount of USD 875,000,000
(as increased by an aggregate principal amount of USD 125,000,000 pursuant to the exercise by the Initial Purchasers (as defined below)
of their option to purchase additional Convertible Notes pursuant to the Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement)
dated as of March 13, 2025, between Counterparty and BofA Securities, Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities,
LLC, as representatives of the Initial Purchasers party thereto (the Initial Purchasers)) pursuant to an Indenture
to be dated March 18, 2025 between Counterparty and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee (the Indenture).
In the event of any inconsistency between the terms defined in the Offering Memorandum, the Indenture and this Confirmation, this Confirmation
shall govern. The parties acknowledge that this Confirmation is entered into on the date hereof with the understanding that (i) definitions
set forth in the Indenture that are also defined herein by reference to the Indenture and (ii) sections of the Indenture that are referred
to herein will conform to the descriptions thereof in the Offering Memorandum. If any such definitions in the Indenture or any such sections
of the Indenture differ from the descriptions thereof in the Offering Memorandum, the descriptions thereof in the Offering Memorandum
will govern for purposes of this Confirmation. The parties further acknowledge that the Indenture section numbers and cross-references
used herein are based on the draft of the Indenture last reviewed by Dealer as of the date of this Confirmation, and if any such section
numbers or cross-references are changed in the Indenture as executed, the parties will amend this Confirmation in good faith and in a
commercially reasonable manner to preserve the intent of the parties. Subject to the foregoing, references to the Indenture herein are
references to the Indenture as in effect on the date of its execution, and if the Indenture is amended or supplemented following such
date (other than any amendment or supplement (x) pursuant to Section 10.01(h) of the Indenture that, as determined by the Calculation
Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, conforms the Indenture to the description of Convertible Notes in the Offering
Memorandum or (y) pursuant to Section 10.01(a) or Section 14.07 of the Indenture, subject, in the case of this clause (y), to the second
paragraph under Method of Adjustment in Section 3 of this Confirmation), any such amendment or supplement will be
disregarded for purposes of this Confirmation (other than as provided in Section 9(i)(iii) of this Confirmation) unless the parties agree
otherwise in writing. For the purposes of the Equity Definitions, the Transaction shall be deemed to be a Share Option Transaction.

Each party is hereby advised, and each such party acknowledges,
that the other party has engaged in, or refrained from engaging in, substantial financial transactions and has taken other material actions
in reliance upon the parties entry into the Transaction to which this Confirmation relates on the terms and conditions set forth
below.

1.This Confirmation evidences a complete and binding agreement between Dealer and Counterparty as to the terms of the Transaction
to which this Confirmation relates. This Confirmation shall supplement, form a part of, and be subject to an agreement in the form of
the 2002 ISDA Master Agreement (the Agreement) as if Dealer and Counterparty had executed an agreement in such form
on the Trade Date (but without any Schedule except for (i) the election of the laws of the State of New York as the governing law (without
reference to choice of law doctrine other than Sections 5-1401 and 5-1402 of the General Obligations Law); (ii) the election of USD as
the Termination Currency; and (iii) the election that the Cross Default provisions of Section 5(a)(vi) of the Agreement
shall apply solely to Dealer with a Threshold Amount of three percent of [Dealers][Dealers [ultimate] parents]
shareholders equity as of the Trade Date; provided that (A) Specified Indebtedness shall not include obligations
in respect of deposits received in the ordinary course of Dealers banking business, (B) the phrase or becoming capable at
such time of being declared shall be deleted from clause (1) of such Section 5(a)(vi) and (C) the following sentence shall be added
to the end of Section 5(a)(vi) of the Agreement: Notwithstanding the foregoing, a default under subsection (2) hereof shall not
constitute an Event of Default if (i) the default was caused solely by error or omission of an administrative or operational nature; (ii)
funds were available to enable the party to make the payment when due; and (iii) the payment is made within two Local Business Days of
such partys receipt of written notice of its failure to pay.). In the event of any inconsistency between provisions of the
Agreement and this Confirmation, this Confirmation will prevail for the purpose of the Transaction to which this Confirmation relates.
The parties hereby agree that no transaction other than the Transaction to which this Confirmation relates shall be governed by the Agreement.
If there exists any ISDA Master Agreement between Dealer and Counterparty or any confirmation or other agreement between Dealer and Counterparty
pursuant to which an ISDA Master Agreement is deemed to exist between Dealer and Counterparty, then notwithstanding anything to the contrary
in such ISDA Master Agreement, such confirmation or agreement or any other agreement to which Dealer and Counterparty are parties, the
Transaction shall not be considered a Transaction under, or otherwise governed by, such existing or deemed ISDA Master Agreement.

2. The terms of the particular Transaction to which this Confirmation relates are as follows:

General Terms. 

Trade Date: March [ ], 2025

Effective Date: The second Exchange Business Day immediately prior to the Premium Payment Date

Option Style: Modified American, as described under Procedures for Exercise below

Option Type: Call

Buyer: Counterparty

Seller: Dealer

Shares: The common stock of Counterparty, par value USD 0.001 per share (Exchange symbol ITGR).

Number of Options: [____]. For the avoidance of doubt, the Number of Options shall be reduced by any Options exercised by Counterparty. In no event will the Number of Options be less than zero.

Applicable Percentage: [__]%

Option Entitlement: A number equal to the product of the Applicable Percentage and [______].

2 

Strike Price: USD [______]

Cap Price: USD [______]

Premium: USD [______]

Premium Payment Date: March [ ], 2025

Exchange: The New York Stock Exchange

Related Exchange(s): All Exchanges

Excluded Provisions: Section 14.04(h) and Section 14.03 of the Indenture.

Procedures for Exercise. 

Conversion Date: With respect to any conversion of a Convertible Note (other than any conversion of Convertible Notes with a Conversion Date occurring prior to the Free Convertibility Date (any such conversion, an Early Conversion), to which the provisions of Section 9(i)(i) of this Confirmation shall apply), the date on which the Holder (as such term is defined in the Indenture) of such Convertible Note satisfies all of the requirements for conversion thereof as set forth in Section 14.02(b) of the Indenture; providedthat if Counterparty has not delivered to Dealer a related Notice of Exercise, then in no event shall a Conversion Date be deemed to occur hereunder (and no Option shall be exercised or deemed to be exercised hereunder) with respect to any surrender of a Convertible Note for conversion in respect of which Counterparty has elected to designate a financial institution for exchange in lieu of conversion of such Convertible Note pursuant to Section 14.12 of the Indenture.

Free Convertibility Date: December 15, 2029

Expiration Time: The Valuation Time

Expiration Date: March 15, 2030, subject to earlier exercise.

Multiple Exercise: Applicable, as described under Automatic Exercise and Automatic Exercise of Remaining Repurchase Options After Free Convertibility Date below.

Automatic Exercise: Notwithstanding Section 3.4 of the Equity Definitions, on each Conversion Date occurring on or after the Free Convertibility Date, in respect of which a Notice of Conversion (as such term is defined in the Indenture) that is effective as to Counterparty has been delivered by the relevant converting Holder (as such term is defined in the Indenture), a number of Options equal to (i) the number of Convertible Notes in denominations of USD 1,000 as to which such Conversion Date has occurred , minus (ii) the number of Options that are or are deemed to be automatically exercised on such Conversion Date under the Base Call Option Transaction Confirmation letter agreement dated March 13, 2025 between Dealer and Counterparty (the Base Call Option Confirmation) (and for the purposes of determining whether any Options under this Confirmation or under the Base Call Option Confirmation will be automatically exercised hereunder or under the Base Call Option Confirmation, the Convertible Notes subject to conversion shall be allocated first to the Base Call Option Confirmation until all Options thereunder are exercised or terminated), shall be deemed to be automatically exercised; provided that such Options shall be exercised or deemed exercised only if Counterparty has provided a Notice of Exercise to Dealer in accordance with Notice of Exercise below.

3 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the number of Options that are exercised or deemed exercised hereunder exceed the Number of Options.

Automatic Exercise of Remaining 

Repurchase Options After 

Free Convertibility Date: Notwithstanding anything herein or in Section 3.4 of the Equity Definitions to the contrary, unless Counterparty notifies Dealer in writing prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Scheduled Valid Day immediately preceding the Expiration Date that it does not wish Automatic Exercise to occur, a number of Options equal to the lesser of (a) the Number of Options (after giving effect to the provisions opposite the caption Automatic Exercise above) as of 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the Expiration Date and (b) the Remaining Repurchase Options minus the number of Remaining Options (as defined in the Base Call Option Confirmation (such lesser number, the Remaining Options) will be deemed to be automatically exercised as if (i) a number of Convertible Notes (in denominations of USD 1,000) equal to such number of Remaining Options were converted with a Conversion Date (as such term is defined in the Indenture) occurring on or after the Free Convertibility Date and (ii) the Relevant Settlement Method applied to such Convertible Notes; provided that no such automatic exercise pursuant to this paragraph will occur if the Relevant Price for each Valid Day during the Settlement Averaging Period is less than or equal to the Strike Price. Remaining Repurchase Optionsshall mean the excess of (I) the aggregate number of Convertible Notes (in denominations of USD 1,000) that were subject to Repayment Events (as defined below) (other than Repayment Events pursuant to the terms of the Indenture) described in clause (ii) of Section 9(i)(iv) (Repurchase Events) during the term of the Transaction over (II) the aggregate number of Repayment Options (as defined below) that were terminated hereunder relating to Repurchase Events during the term of the Transaction and the number of Repayment Options (as defined in the Base Call Option Confirmation) terminated under the Base Call Option Confirmation relating to Repurchase Events (as defined therein) during the term of the Transaction under the Base Call Option Confirmation. Counterparty shall notify Dealer in writing of the number of Remaining Repurchase Options before 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Scheduled Valid Day immediately preceding the Expiration Date.

4 

Notice of Exercise: Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Equity Definitions or under Automatic Exercise above, but subject to Automatic Exercise of Remaining Repurchase Options After Free Convertibility Date above, in order to exercise any Options relating to Convertible Notes with a Conversion Date occurring on or after the Free Convertibility Date, Counterparty must notify Dealer in writing before 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Scheduled Valid Day immediately preceding the Expiration Date specifying the number of such Options; providedthat if the Relevant Settlement Method for such Options is not Net Share Settlement, Dealer shall have received a separate notice (the Notice of Final Settlement Method) in respect of all such Convertible Notes before 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Free Convertibility Date specifying (1) the Relevant Settlement Method for such Options, and (2) if the Relevant Settlement Method for such Options is Combination Settlement, the percentage of the consideration due upon conversion per Convertible Note in excess of the principal amount thereof that Counterparty has elected to pay to Holders (as such term is defined in the Indenture) of the related Convertible Notes in cash (the Cash Percentage). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, if Counterparty does not timely deliver the Notice of Final Settlement Method, then the Notice of Final Settlement Method shall be deemed timely given and the Relevant Settlement Method specified therein shall be deemed to be Net Share Settlement. Counterparty acknowledges its responsibilities under applicable securities laws, and in particular Section 9 and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act (as defined below) and the rules and regulations thereunder, in respect of any election (or any deemed election) of a settlement method with respect to the Convertible Notes.

Valuation Time: At the close of trading of the regular trading session on the Exchange; providedthat if the principal trading session is extended, the Calculation Agent shall determine the Valuation Time in its commercially reasonable discretion.

Market Disruption Event: A Market Disruption Event as defined in the Indenture.

5 

Settlement Terms. 

Settlement Method: For any Option, Net Share Settlement; providedthat if the Relevant Settlement Method set forth below for such Option is not Net Share Settlement, then the Settlement Method for such Option shall be such Relevant Settlement Method, but only if Counterparty shall have notified Dealer of the Relevant Settlement Method in the Notice of Final Settlement Method for such Option.

Relevant Settlement Method: In respect of any Option:

(i) if Counterparty has not elected to settle all or any portion of its conversion obligations in respect of the related Convertible Note in excess of the principal amount thereof in cash either by specifying a Cash Percentage of 0% or not timely specifying a Cash Percentage, in each case, pursuant to Section 14.02(a)(i) of the Indenture, then the Relevant Settlement Method for such Option shall be Net Share Settlement;

(ii) if Counterparty has elected to settle its conversion obligations in respect of the related Convertible Note in excess of the principal amount thereof in a combination of cash and Shares by specifying a Cash Percentage less than 100% but greater than 0% pursuant to Section 14.02(a)(i) of the Indenture, then the Relevant Settlement Method for such Option shall be Combination Settlement; and

(iii) if Counterparty has elected to settle its conversion obligations in respect of the related Convertible Note in excess of the principal amount thereof entirely in cash by specifying a Cash Percentage of 100% pursuant to Section 14.02(a)(i) of the Indenture, then the Relevant Settlement Method for such Option shall be Cash Settlement.

Net Share Settlement: If Net Share Settlement is applicable to any Option exercised or deemed exercised hereunder, Dealer will deliver to Counterparty, on the relevant Settlement Date for each such Option, a number of Shares (the Net Share Settlement Amount) equal to the sum, for each Valid Day during the Settlement Averaging Period for each such Option, of (i) (a) the Daily Option Value for such Valid Day, divided by(b) the Relevant Price on such Valid Day, divided by(ii) the number of Valid Days in the Settlement Averaging Period; providedthat in no event shall the Net Share Settlement Amount for any Option exceed a number of Shares equal to the Applicable Limit for such Option divided bythe Applicable Limit Price on the Settlement Date for such Option.

Dealer will pay cash in lieu of delivering any fractional Shares to be delivered with respect to any Net Share Settlement Amount valued at the Relevant Price for the last Valid Day of the Settlement Averaging Period.

6 

Combination Settlement: If Combination Settlement is applicable to any Option exercised or deemed exercised hereunder, Dealer will pay or deliver, as the case may be, to Counterparty, on the relevant Settlement Date for each such Option:

(i) cash (the Combination Settlement Cash Amount) equal to the sum, for each Valid Day during the Settlement Averaging Period for such Option, of (A) an amount (the Daily Combination Settlement Cash Amount) equal to the product of (1) the Cash Percentage and (2) the Daily Option Value, divided by(B) the number of Valid Days in the Settlement Averaging Period; providedthat if the calculation in clause (A) above results in zero or a negative number for any Valid Day, the Daily Combination Settlement Cash Amount for such Valid Day shall be deemed to be zero; and

(ii) Shares (the Combination Settlement Share Amount) equal to the sum, for each Valid Day during the Settlement Averaging Period for such Option, of a number of Shares for such Valid Day (the Daily Combination Settlement Share Amount) equal to (A) (1) the Daily Option Value on such Valid Day minusthe Daily Combination Settlement Cash Amount for such Valid Day, divided by(2) the Relevant Price on such Valid Day, divided by(B) the number of Valid Days in the Settlement Averaging Period; providedthat if the calculation in sub-clause (A)(1) above results in zero or a negative number for any Valid Day, the Daily Combination Settlement Share Amount for such Valid Day shall be deemed to be zero;

provided that in no event shall the sum of (x) the Combination Settlement Cash Amount for any Option and (y) the Combination Settlement Share Amount for such Option multiplied bythe Applicable Limit Price on the Settlement Date for such Option, exceed the Applicable Limit for such Option.

Dealer will pay cash in lieu of delivering any fractional Shares to be delivered with respect to any Combination Settlement Share Amount valued at the Relevant Price for the last Valid Day of the Settlement Averaging Period.

Cash Settlement: If Cash Settlement is applicable to any Option exercised or deemed exercised hereunder, in lieu of Section 8.1 of the Equity Definitions, Dealer will pay to Counterparty, on the relevant Settlement Date for each such Option, an amount of cash (the Cash Settlement Amount) equal to the sum, for each Valid Day during the Settlement Averaging Period for such Option, of (i) the Daily Option Value for such Valid Day, divided by(ii) the number of Valid Days in the Settlement Averaging Period; providedthat in no event shall the Cash Settlement Amount exceed the Applicable Limit for such Option.

7 

Daily Option Value: For any Valid Day, an amount equal to (i) the Option Entitlement on such Valid Day, multiplied by(ii) (A) the lesser of the Relevant Price on such Valid Day and the Cap Price, less(B) the Strike Price on such Valid Day; providedthat if the calculation contained in clause (ii) above results in a negative number, the Daily Option Value for such Valid Day shall be deemed to be zero. In no event will the Daily Option Value be less than zero.

Applicable Limit: For any Option, an amount of cash equal to the Applicable Percentage multiplied bythe excess of (i) the aggregate of (A) the amount of cash paid to the Holder (as such term is defined in the Indenture) of the related Convertible Note upon conversion of such Convertible Note and (B) the number of Shares, if any, delivered to the Holder (as such term is defined in the Indenture) of the related Convertible Note upon conversion of such Convertible Note multiplied bythe Applicable Limit Price on the Settlement Date for such Option, over (ii) USD 1,000.

Applicable Limit Price: On any day, the opening price as displayed under the heading Op on Bloomberg page ITGR (or any successor thereto).

Valid Day: A Trading Day for purposes of determining the amounts due upon conversion of the Convertible Notes as defined in the Indenture.

Scheduled Valid Day: A Scheduled Trading Day as defined in the Indenture.

Business Day: A Business Day as defined in the Indenture.

Relevant Price: On any Valid Day, the per Share volume-weighted average price as displayed under the heading Bloomberg VWAP on Bloomberg page ITGR AQR (or its equivalent successor if such page is not available) in respect of the period from the scheduled open of trading on the Exchange to the Scheduled Closing Time of the Exchange on such Valid Day (or if such volume-weighted average price is unavailable, the market value of one Share on such Valid Day, as determined by the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner using, if practicable, a volume-weighted average method). The Relevant Price will be determined without regard to after-hours trading or any other trading outside of the regular trading session trading hours.

8 

Settlement Averaging Period: For any Option, the 50 consecutive Valid Days commencing on, and including, the 51st Scheduled Valid Day immediately prior to the Expiration Date.

Settlement Date: For any Option, the second Business Day immediately following the final Valid Day of the Settlement Averaging Period for such Option.

Settlement Currency: USD

Other Applicable Provisions: The provisions of Sections 9.1(c), 9.8, 9.9 and 9.11 of the Equity Definitions will be applicable, except that all references in such provisions to Physically-settled shall be read as references to Share Settled. Share Settled in relation to any Option means that Net Share Settlement or Combination Settlement is applicable to that Option.

Representation and Agreement: Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Equity Definitions (including, but not limited to, Section 9.11 thereof), the parties acknowledge that (i) any Shares delivered to Counterparty shall be, upon delivery, subject to restrictions and limitations arising from Counterpartys status as issuer of the Shares under applicable securities laws, (ii) Dealer may deliver any Shares required to be delivered hereunder in certificated form in lieu of delivery through the Clearance System, (iii) any Shares delivered to Counterparty may be restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act)) and (iv) the Representation and Agreement contained in Section 9.11 of the Equity Definitions shall be deemed modified accordingly.

3. Additional Terms applicable to the Transaction.

Adjustments applicable to the Transaction: 

Potential Adjustment Events: Notwithstanding Section 11.2(e) of the Equity Definitions, a Potential Adjustment Event means an occurrence of any event or condition, as set forth in any Dilution Adjustment Provision, that requires an adjustment under the Indenture to the Conversion Rate or the composition of a unit of Reference Property or to any Last Reported Sale Price, Daily VWAP, Daily Conversion Value, Daily Net Settlement Amount or Daily Settlement Amount (as each such term is defined in the Indenture). For the avoidance of doubt, Dealer shall not have any delivery or payment obligation hereunder, and no adjustment shall be made to the terms of the Transaction, on account of (x) any distribution of cash, property or securities by Counterparty to holders of the Convertible Notes (upon conversion or otherwise) or (y) any other transaction in which holders of the Convertible Notes are entitled to participate, in each case, in lieu of an adjustment under the Indenture of the type referred to in the immediately preceding sentence (including, without limitation, pursuant to the fourth sentence of Section 14.04(c) of the Indenture or the fourth sentence of Section 14.04(d) of the Indenture).

9 

Method of Adjustment: Calculation Agent Adjustment, which shall not have the meaning set forth in Section 11.2(c) of the Equity Definitions and instead shall mean that, upon any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent shall make adjustments in a commercially reasonable manner to any one or more of the Strike Price, Number of Options, Option Entitlement and any other variable relevant to the exercise, settlement or payment for the Transaction that correspond to the adjustments to the Convertible Notes under the Indenture.

Notwithstanding the foregoing and Consequences of Merger Events / Tender Offers below, if the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner disagrees with any adjustment to the Convertible Notes determined pursuant to the Indenture that involves an exercise of discretion by Counterparty or its board of directors (including, without limitation, pursuant to Section 14.05 of the Indenture, Section 14.07 of the Indenture or any supplemental indenture entered into thereunder or in connection with any proportional adjustment or the determination of the fair value of any securities, property, rights or other assets), then in each such case, the Calculation Agent will determine the adjustment to be made to any one or more of the Strike Price, Number of Options, Option Entitlement and any other variable relevant to the exercise, settlement or payment for the Transaction, using, if applicable, the methodology set forth in the Indenture for any such adjustment, in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner based on stock price volatility, expected dividends, interest rates, stock loan rate, value of any commercially reasonable hedge positions in connection with the Transaction and liquidity relevant to the Shares or to such Transaction.

Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, (i) in connection with any Potential Adjustment Event as a result of an event or condition set forth in Section 14.04(b) of the Indenture or Section 14.04(c) of the Indenture where, in either case, the period for determining Y (as such term is used in Section 14.04(b) of the Indenture) or SP0 (as such term is used in Section 14.04(c) of the Indenture), as the case may be, begins before Counterparty has publicly announced the event or condition giving rise to such Potential Adjustment Event, then the Calculation Agent shall, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, have the right to adjust any variable relevant to the exercise, settlement or payment for the Transaction as appropriate to reflect the commercially reasonable costs incurred by Dealer in connection with its hedging activities, with such adjustments made assuming that Dealer maintains commercially reasonable hedge positions, as a result of such event or condition not having been publicly announced prior to the beginning of such period and (ii) if any Potential Adjustment Event is declared and (a) the event or condition giving rise to such Potential Adjustment Event is subsequently amended, modified, cancelled or abandoned, (b) the Conversion Rate (as such term is defined in the Indenture) is otherwise not adjusted at the time or in the manner contemplated by the relevant Dilution Adjustment Provision based on such declaration or (c) the Conversion Rate (as such term is defined in the Indenture) is adjusted as a result of such Potential Adjustment Event and subsequently re-adjusted (each of clauses (a), (b) and (c), a Potential Adjustment Event Change) then, in each case, the Calculation Agent shall, in a commercially reasonable manner, have the right to adjust any variable relevant to the exercise, settlement or payment for the Transaction as appropriate to reflect the costs (to account solely for hedging mismatches and market losses) and expenses incurred by Dealer in connection with its commercially reasonable hedging activities as a result of such Potential Adjustment Event Change, with such adjustments made assuming that Dealer maintains commercially reasonable hedge positions.

10 

Dilution Adjustment Provisions: Sections 14.04(a), (b), (c), (d) and (e) and Section 14.05 of the Indenture.

Extraordinary Events applicable to the Transaction: 

Merger Events: Applicable; providedthat notwithstanding Section 12.1(b) of the Equity Definitions, a Merger Event means the occurrence of any event or condition set forth in the definition of Merger Event in Section 14.07(a) of the Indenture.

Tender Offers: Applicable; provided that Tender Offer shall not have the meaning set forth in Section 12.1(d) of the Equity Definitions and instead shall mean the occurrence of any event or condition set forth in Section 14.04(e) of the Indenture. 

11 

Consequences of Merger Events/ 

Tender Offers: Notwithstanding Section 12.2 and Section 12.3 of the Equity Definitions, upon the occurrence of a Merger Event or a Tender Offer, the Calculation Agent shall, in a commercially reasonable manner, make a corresponding adjustment in respect of any adjustment under the Indenture to any one or more of the nature of the Shares (in the case of a Merger Event), Strike Price, Number of Options, Option Entitlement and any other variable relevant to the exercise, settlement or payment for the Transaction, subject to the second paragraph under Method of Adjustment; provided,however, that such adjustment shall be made without regard to any adjustment to the Conversion Rate (as such term is defined in the Indenture) pursuant to any Excluded Provision; provided furtherthat if, with respect to a Merger Event or a Tender Offer, (i) the consideration for the Shares includes (or, at the option of a holder of Shares, may include) shares of an entity or person that is not a corporation or is not organized under the laws of the United States, any State thereof or the District of Columbia or (ii) the Counterparty to the Transaction following such Merger Event or Tender Offer will not be a corporation organized under the laws of the United States, any State thereof or the District of Columbia, then, in either case, Cancellation and Payment (Calculation Agent Determination) shall apply if (A) Dealer determines in a commercially reasonable manner at any time following the occurrence of such Merger Event or Tender Offer that (x) such Merger Event or Tender Offer has had or will have an adverse effect on Dealers rights and obligations under the Transaction or (y) Dealer will incur or has incurred an increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee to (1) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) constituting a commercially reasonable hedge position in respect of the economic risk of entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the Transaction or (2) realize, recover or remit the proceeds of any transaction(s) or asset(s) constituting a commercially reasonable hedge position in respect of the economic risk of entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the Transaction or (B) Dealer determines, in its good faith and commercially reasonable judgment, that it will not be in compliance with applicable legal, regulatory or self-regulatory requirements, or with related policies and procedures, applicable to Dealer; provided furtherthat, for the avoidance of doubt, adjustments shall be made pursuant to the provisions set forth above regardless of whether any Merger Event or Tender Offer gives rise to an Early Conversion.

12 

Consequences of Announcement Events: Modified Calculation Agent Adjustment as set forth in Section 12.3(d) of the Equity Definitions; providedthat, in respect of an Announcement Event (w) references in such Section 12.3(d) to Tender Offer shall be replaced by references to Announcement Event and references in such Section 12.3(d) to Tender Offer Date shall be replaced by references to date of such Announcement Event, (x) the phrase exercise, settlement, payment or any other terms of the Transaction (including, without limitation, the spread) in such Section 12.3(d) shall be replaced with the phrase Cap Price (providedthat in no event shall the Cap Price be less than the Strike Price), (y) the words whether within a commercially reasonable (as determined by the Calculation Agent) period of time prior to or after the Announcement Event, shall be inserted prior to the word which in the seventh line of such Section 12.3(d), and (z) for the avoidance of doubt, the Calculation Agent shall, in a commercially reasonable manner, determine whether the relevant Announcement Event has had a material economic effect on the Transaction (and, if so, shall, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner based on stock price volatility, expected dividends, interest rates, stock loan rate, value of any commercially reasonable hedge positions in connection with the Transaction and liquidity relevant to the Shares or to such Transaction, adjust the Cap Price accordingly) on one or more occasions on or after the date of the Announcement Event up to, and including, the Expiration Date, any Early Termination Date and/or any other date of cancellation, it being understood that (1) any adjustment in respect of an Announcement Event shall take into account any earlier adjustment relating to the same Announcement Event and (2) such adjustment shall be made without duplication of any other adjustment hereunder. An Announcement Event shall be an Extraordinary Event for purposes of the Equity Definitions, to which Article 12 of the Equity Definitions, as modified in this paragraph, is applicable.

Announcement Event: (i) The public announcement by the Issuer, any subsidiary or agent of the Issuer or any Valid Third Party Entity of (x) any transaction or event that, if completed, would constitute a Merger Event or Tender Offer, (y) any potential acquisition or disposition by Issuer and/or its subsidiaries where the aggregate consideration exceeds 35% of the market capitalization of Issuer as of the date of such announcement (an Acquisition Transaction) or (z) the intention to enter into a Merger Event or Tender Offer or an Acquisition Transaction, (ii) the public announcement by Issuer of an intention to solicit or enter into, or to explore strategic alternatives or other similar undertaking that may include, a Merger Event or Tender Offer or an Acquisition Transaction or (iii) any subsequent public announcement by the Issuer, any subsidiary or agent of the Issuer or any Valid Third Party Entity of a change to a transaction or intention that is the subject of an announcement of the type described in clause (i) or (ii) of this sentence (including, without limitation, a new announcement, whether or not by the same party, relating to such a transaction or intention or the announcement of a withdrawal from, or the abandonment or discontinuation of, such a transaction or intention), as determined by the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner. For the avoidance of doubt, the occurrence of an Announcement Event with respect to any transaction or intention shall not preclude the occurrence of a later Announcement Event with respect to such transaction or intention. For purposes of this definition of Announcement Event, (A) Merger Event shall mean such term as defined under Section 12.1(b) of the Equity Definitions (but, for the avoidance of doubt, the remainder of the definition of Merger Event in Section 12.1(b) of the Equity Definitions following the definition of Reverse Merger therein shall be disregarded) and (B) Tender Offer shall mean such term as defined under Section 12.1(d) of the Equity Definitions, provided that Section 12.1(d) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by replacing 10% with 20% in the third line thereof; provided further that, all references to voting shares in Sections 12.1(d), 12.1(e) and 12.1(l) of the Equity Definitions shall be deemed to be references to Shares.

13 

Valid Third Party Entity: In respect of any transaction, any third party that has a bona fide intent to enter into or consummate such transaction (it being understood and agreed that in determining whether such third party has such a bona fide intent, the Calculation Agent may take into consideration the effect of the relevant announcement by such third party on the Shares and/or options relating to the Shares).

Nationalization, Insolvency or Delisting: Cancellation and Payment (Calculation Agent Determination); providedthat, in addition to the provisions of Section 12.6(a)(iii) of the Equity Definitions, it will also constitute a Delisting if the Exchange is located in the United States and the Shares are not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on any of The New York Stock Exchange, The Nasdaq Global Select Market or The Nasdaq Global Market (or their respective successors); if the Shares are immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on any of The New York Stock Exchange, The Nasdaq Global Select Market or The Nasdaq Global Market (or their respective successors), such exchange or quotation system shall thereafter be deemed to be the Exchange.

Additional Disruption Events: 

Change in Law: Applicable; providedthat Section 12.9(a)(ii) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by (i) replacing the phrase the interpretation in the third line thereof with the phrase , or public announcement of, the formal or informal interpretation, (ii) replacing the word Shares where it appears in clause (X) thereof with the words Hedge Position, (iii) replacing the parenthetical beginning after the word regulation in the second line thereof the words (including, for the avoidance of doubt and without limitation, (x) any tax law or (y) adoption, effectiveness or promulgation of new regulations authorized or mandated by existing statute) and (iv) adding the words providedthat in the case of clause (Y) hereof, the consequence of such law, regulation or interpretation is applied consistently by Dealer to all similar transactions in a non-discriminatory manner; after the semi-colon in the last line thereof; provided furtherthat, in the case of any Change in Law described in clause (Y) of Section 12.9(a)(ii) of the Equity Definitions, the consequences provided with respect to Increased Cost of Hedging in Section 12.9(b)(vi) of the Equity Definitions shall apply to such Change in Law, as if Increased Cost of Hedging were applicable to such event.

14 

Failure to Deliver: Applicable

Hedging Disruption: Applicable; providedthat:

(i) Section 12.9(a)(v) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by inserting the following two phrases at the end of such Section:

For the avoidance of doubt, the term equity price risk shall be deemed to include, but shall not be limited to, stock price and volatility risk. And, for the further avoidance of doubt, any such transactions or assets referred to in phrases (A) or (B) above must be available on commercially reasonable pricing terms.;

(ii) Section 12.9(b)(iii) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by inserting in the third line thereof, after the words to terminate the Transaction, the words or the portion of the Transaction affected by such Hedging Disruption; and

(iii) it shall not be a Hedging Disruption if such inability occurs solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Hedging Party.

Increased Cost of Hedging: Not Applicable

Hedging Party: For all applicable Additional Disruption Events, Dealer. Following any determination by the Hedging Party hereunder, within five Business Days following a written request by Counterparty therefor, the Hedging Party shall provide to Counterparty by e-mail to the e-mail address provided by Counterparty a written explanation and report (in a commonly used file format for the storage and manipulation of financial data) describing in reasonable detail any determination made by it (including, as applicable, any quotations, market data, information from internal sources used in making such determinations, descriptions of the methodology and any assumptions and basis used in making for such determination), it being understood that the Hedging Party shall not be obligated to disclose any proprietary or confidential models or proprietary or confidential information used by it for such determination. All calculations, adjustments and determinations by Dealer acting in its capacity as the Hedging Party shall be made in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and assuming that Dealer maintains a commercially reasonable hedge position.

15 

Determining Party: For all applicable Extraordinary Events, Dealer. Following any determination by the Determining Party hereunder, within five Business Days following a written request by Counterparty therefor, the Determining Party shall provide to Counterparty by e-mail to the e-mail address provided by Counterparty a written explanation and report (in a commonly used file format for the storage and manipulation of financial data) describing in reasonable detail any determination made by it (including, as applicable, any quotations, market data, information from internal sources used in making such determinations, descriptions of the methodology and any assumptions and basis used in making for such determination), it being understood that the Determining Party shall not be obligated to disclose any proprietary or confidential models or proprietary or confidential information used by it for such determination. All calculations, adjustments, and determinations by Dealer acting in its capacity as the Determining Party shall be made in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and assuming that Dealer maintains a commercially reasonable hedge position.

Non-Reliance: Applicable

Agreements and Acknowledgments 

Regarding Hedging Activities: Applicable

Additional Acknowledgments: Applicable

4. Calculation Agent. Dealer. Regardless of whether or not a standard for
the actions of the Calculation Agent is explicitly stated in any provision hereof, the standards of Section 1.40 of the Equity Definitions,
as modified by adding the words, acts or immediately before the words, is required to act in line 2 thereof,
shall apply to the Calculation Agent at all times and in respect of all circumstances hereunder. Following the occurrence and during
the continuation of an Event of Default described in Section 5(a)(vii) of the Agreement with respect to which Dealer is the Defaulting
Party, Counterparty shall have the right to designate an independent, nationally recognized equity derivatives dealer to replace Dealer
as Calculation Agent, and the parties shall work in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner to execute any appropriate documentation
required by such replacement Calculation Agent. Following any determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent hereunder, within
five Business Days following a written request by Counterparty therefor, the Calculation Agent shall provide to Counterparty as soon
as reasonably practicable following such request by e-mail to the e-mail address provided by Counterparty in such request a written explanation
and report (in a commonly used file format for the storage and manipulation of financial data) displaying in commercially reasonable
detail the basis for such determination or calculation (including any quotations, market data or information from internal or external
sources, and any assumptions, used in making such determination or calculation), it being understood that the Calculation Agent shall
not be obligated to disclose any proprietary or confidential models or proprietary or confidential information used by it for such determination
or calculation.

16 

5. Account Details.

(a) Account for payments to Counterparty:

To be provided.

Account for delivery of Shares to Counterparty:

To be provided.

(b) Account for payments to Dealer:

[Bank:] [_________]

[SWIFT:] [_________]

[Bank Routing:] [_________]

[Acct Name:] [_________]

[Acct No.:] [_________]

Account for delivery of Shares from Dealer: 

To be provided. 

6. Offices.

(a) The Office of Counterparty for the Transaction is: Inapplicable, Counterparty is not a Multibranch Party.

(b) The Office of Dealer for the Transaction is: [____________][Inapplicable; Dealer is not a Multibranch
Party]

7. Notices.

(a) Address for notices or communications to Counterparty:

To: Integer Holdings Corporation

5830 Granite Parkway, Suite 1150

Plano, Texas 75024

Attention: General Counsel

Email: [______]

17 

(b) Address for notices or communications to Dealer:

[To: [____________]

Attention: [____________]

Telephone: [____________]

Email: [____________]

With a copy to: 

To: [____________]

Attention: [____________]

Telephone: [____________]

Email: [____________]]

8. Representations and Warranties of Counterparty.

In addition to the representations and warranties set forth in Section 3(a) of the Agreement, Counterparty hereby represents and warrants to Dealer on the date hereof and on and as of the Premium Payment Date that:

(a) Counterparty is not and, after consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, will not be required
to register as an investment company as such term is defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(b) Counterparty is an eligible contract participant (as such term is defined in Section 1a(18)
of the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended, other than a person that is an eligible contract participant under Section 1a(18)(C) of the
Commodity Exchange Act).

(c) Counterparty is not, on the date hereof, in possession of any material non-public information with respect
to Counterparty or the Shares.

(d) To the knowledge of Counterparty, no state or local (including non-U.S. jurisdictions) law, rule, regulation
or regulatory order applicable to the Shares would give rise to any reporting, consent, registration or other requirement (including without
limitation a requirement to obtain prior approval from any person or entity) as a result of Dealer or its affiliates owning or holding
(however defined) Shares; provided that Counterparty makes no representation or warranty regarding any such requirement that is
applicable generally to the ownership of equity securities by Dealer or any of its affiliates solely as a result of it or any of such
affiliates being financial institutions or broker-dealers.

(e) Counterparty (A) is capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard
to all transactions and investment strategies involving a security or securities; (B) will exercise independent judgment in evaluating
the recommendations of any broker-dealer or its associated persons, unless it has otherwise notified the broker-dealer in writing; and
(C) has total assets of at least USD 50 million.

(f) On and immediately after the Trade Date and the Premium Payment Date, (A) the value of the total
assets of Counterparty is greater than the sum of the total liabilities (including contingent liabilities) and the capital (as such terms
are defined in Section 154 and Section 244 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware) of Counterparty, (B) the capital
of Counterparty is adequate to conduct the business of Counterparty, and Counterpartys entry into the Transaction will not impair
its capital, (C) Counterparty has the ability to pay its debts and obligations as such debts mature and does not intend to, and does
not believe that it will, incur debt beyond its ability to pay as such debts mature, (D) Counterparty will be able to continue as a going
concern; (E) Counterparty is not insolvent (as such term is defined under Section 101(32) of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code (Title
11 of the United States Code) (the Bankruptcy Code)) and (F) Counterparty would be able to purchase the Number of
Shares with respect to the Transaction in compliance with the laws of the jurisdiction of Counterpartys incorporation (including
the adequate surplus and capital requirements of Sections 154 and 160 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware).

18 

(g) [Counterparty has received, read and understands the OTC Options Risk Disclosure Statement and a copy
of the most recent disclosure pamphlet prepared by The Options Clearing Corporation entitled Characteristics and Risks of Standardized
Options.]

9. Other Provisions.

(a) Opinions. Counterparty shall deliver to Dealer an opinion of counsel, dated as of the Trade
Date, with respect to the matters set forth in Section 3(a) of the Agreement, subject to customary assumptions, qualifications, and exceptions.
Delivery of such opinion to Dealer shall be a condition precedent for the purpose of Section 2(a)(iii) of the Agreement with respect to
each obligation of Dealer under Section 2(a)(i) of the Agreement.

(b) Repurchase Notices. Counterparty shall, no later than one Exchange Business Day following
the day on which Counterparty effects any repurchase of Shares, give Dealer a written notice of such repurchase (a Repurchase
Notice) if following such repurchase, the number of outstanding Shares as determined on such day is (i) less than [______]
million (in the case of the first such notice) or (ii) thereafter more than [______] million less than the number of Shares included in
the immediately preceding Repurchase Notice. Counterparty agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Dealer and its affiliates and their respective
officers, directors, employees, affiliates, advisors, agents and controlling persons (each, an Indemnified Person)
from and against any and all commercially reasonable losses (including losses relating to Dealers commercially reasonable hedging
activities as a consequence of becoming, or of the risk of becoming, a Section 16 insider, including without limitation,
any forbearance from hedging activities or cessation of hedging activities and any commercially reasonable losses in connection therewith
with respect to the Transaction), claims, damages, judgments, liabilities and commercially reasonable expenses (including reasonable attorneys
fees), joint or several, which an Indemnified Person may become subject to, as a result of Counterpartys failure to provide Dealer
with a Repurchase Notice when and in the manner specified in this paragraph, and to reimburse, within 30 days, upon written request, each
of such Indemnified Persons for any reasonable legal or other expenses incurred in connection with investigating, preparing for, providing
testimony or other evidence in connection with or defending any of the foregoing. If any suit, action, proceeding (including any governmental
or regulatory investigation), claim or demand shall be brought or asserted against the Indemnified Person as a result of Counterpartys
failure to provide Dealer with a Repurchase Notice in accordance with this paragraph, such Indemnified Person shall, within a commercially
reasonable period of time, notify Counterparty in writing, and Counterparty, upon request of the Indemnified Person, shall retain counsel
reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Person to represent the Indemnified Person and any others Counterparty may designate in such
proceeding and shall pay the reasonable fees and expenses of such counsel related to such proceeding. Counterparty shall be relieved from
liability to the extent that any Indemnified Person fails to notify Counterparty within a commercially reasonable period of time of any
action commenced against it in respect of which indemnity may be sought hereunder to the extent Counterparty is materially prejudiced
as a result thereof. Counterparty shall not be liable for any settlement of any proceeding contemplated by this paragraph that is effected
without its written consent, but if settled with such consent or if there be a final judgment for the plaintiff, Counterparty agrees to
indemnify any Indemnified Person from and against any loss or liability by reason of such settlement or judgment. Counterparty shall not,
without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Person, effect any settlement of any pending or threatened proceeding contemplated
by this paragraph that is in respect of which any Indemnified Person is or could have been a party and indemnity could have been sought
hereunder by such Indemnified Person, unless such settlement includes an unconditional release of such Indemnified Person from all liability
on claims that are the subject matter of such proceeding on terms reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnified Person. If the indemnification
provided for in this paragraph is unavailable to an Indemnified Person or insufficient in respect of any losses, claims, damages or liabilities
referred to therein, then Counterparty hereunder, in lieu of indemnifying such Indemnified Person thereunder, shall contribute to the
amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Person as a result of such losses, claims, damages or liabilities. The remedies provided for
in this paragraph (b) are not exclusive and shall not limit any rights or remedies which may otherwise be available to any Indemnified
Person at law or in equity. The indemnity and contribution agreements contained in this paragraph shall remain operative and in full force
and effect regardless of the termination of the Transaction.

19 

(c) Regulation M. Counterparty is not on the Trade Date engaged in a distribution, as such term
is used in Regulation M under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), of any securities
of Counterparty, other than (x) a distribution meeting the requirements of the exception set forth in Rules 101(b)(10) and 102(b)(7) of
Regulation M and (y) the offering and issuance by Counterparty of Shares in exchange for its 2.125% Convertible Senior Notes due 2028
in transactions to be consummated substantially concurrently with the issuance of the Convertible Notes. Counterparty shall not, until
the second Scheduled Trading Day immediately following the Effective Date, engage in any such distribution.

(d) No Manipulation. Counterparty is not entering into the Transaction to create actual or apparent
trading activity in the Shares (or any security convertible into or exchangeable for the Shares) or to raise or depress or otherwise manipulate
the price of the Shares (or any security convertible into or exchangeable for the Shares) or otherwise in violation of the Exchange Act.

(e) Transfer or Assignment.

(i) Counterparty shall have the right to transfer or assign its rights and obligations hereunder with respect
to all, but not less than all, of the Options hereunder (such Options, the Transfer Options); provided that
such transfer or assignment shall be subject to reasonable conditions that Dealer may impose, including but not limited, to the following
conditions:

(A) With respect to any Transfer Options, Counterparty shall not be released from its notice and indemnification
obligations pursuant to Section 9(b) of this Confirmation or any obligations under Section 9(n) or 9(s) of this Confirmation;

(B) Any Transfer Options shall only be transferred or assigned to a third party that is a United States person
(as defined in the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended) (the Code);

(C) Such transfer or assignment shall be effected on terms, including any reasonable undertakings by such
third party (including, but not limited to, an undertaking with respect to compliance with applicable securities laws in a manner that,
in the reasonable judgment of Dealer, will not expose Dealer to material risks under applicable securities laws) and execution of any
documentation and delivery of legal opinions with respect to securities laws and other matters by such third party and Counterparty, as
are reasonably requested by and reasonably satisfactory to Dealer;

(D) Dealer will not, as a result of such transfer or assignment, be required to pay the transferee on any
payment date an amount under Section 2(d)(i)(4) of the Agreement greater than an amount that Dealer would have been required to pay to
Counterparty in the absence of such transfer or assignment;

20 

(E) No Event of Default, Potential Event of Default or Termination Event will occur as a result of such transfer
or assignment;

(F) Without limiting the generality of clause (B), Counterparty shall cause the transferee to make such Payee
Tax Representations and to provide such tax documentation as may be reasonably requested by Dealer to permit Dealer to determine that
results described in clauses (D) and (E) will not occur upon or after such transfer or assignment; and

(G) Counterparty shall be responsible for all reasonable costs and expenses, including reasonable counsel
fees, incurred by Dealer in connection with such transfer or assignment.

(ii) Dealer may transfer or assign all or any part of its rights or obligations under the Transaction (A) without
Counterpartys consent, to any affiliate of Dealer (1) that has a long-term issuer rating that is equal to or better than Dealers
credit rating at the time of such transfer or assignment, or (2) whose obligations hereunder will be guaranteed, pursuant to the terms
of a customary guarantee in a form used by Dealer generally for similar transactions, by Dealer or Dealers ultimate parent or (B)
with Counterpartys prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld) to any other recognized dealer in transactions
of the same type as the Transaction with a long-term issuer rating equal to or better than the lesser of (1) the credit rating of Dealer
at the time of the transfer and (2) A- by Standard & Poors Rating Group, Inc. or its successor (S&P),
or A3 by Moodys Investor Service, Inc. (Moodys) or, if either S&P or Moodys ceases to rate
such debt, at least an equivalent rating or better by a substitute rating agency mutually agreed by Counterparty and Dealer; provided,
however, Dealer may transfer or assign pursuant to this paragraph only if (A) either (i) the transferee is a dealer in securities
within the meaning of Section 475(c)(1) of the Code, or (ii) the transfer or assignment doesnt otherwise constitute a deemed
exchange by Counterparty within the meaning of Section 1001 of the Code, (B) Counterparty will not, as a result of any withholding
or deduction made by the transferee or assignee as a result of any Tax, receive from the transferee or assignee on any payment date or
delivery date (after accounting for amounts paid by the transferee or assignee under Section 2(d)(i)(4) of the Agreement as well as such
withholding or deduction) an amount or a number of Shares, as applicable, lower than the amount or the number of Shares, as applicable,
that Dealer would have been required to pay or deliver to Counterparty in the absence of such transfer or assignment, except to the extent
resulting from a Change in Law occurring after the date of the transfer and/or assignment and (C) no Event of Default, Potential Event
of Default or Termination Event will occur as a result of such transfer or assignment. If at any time at which (A) the Section 16 Percentage
exceeds 8.5%, (B) the Option Equity Percentage exceeds 14.5%, or (C) the Share Amount exceeds the Applicable Share Limit (if any applies)
(any such condition described in clauses (A), (B) or (C), an Excess Ownership Position), Dealer is unable after using
its commercially reasonable efforts to effect a transfer or assignment of Options to a third party on pricing terms reasonably acceptable
to Dealer and within a time period reasonably acceptable to Dealer such that no Excess Ownership Position exists, then Dealer may designate
any Exchange Business Day as an Early Termination Date with respect to a portion of the Transaction (the Terminated Portion),
such that following such partial termination no Excess Ownership Position exists. In the event that Dealer so designates an Early Termination
Date with respect to a portion of the Transaction, a payment shall be made pursuant to Section 6 of the Agreement as if (1) an Early Termination
Date had been designated in respect of a Transaction having terms identical to the Transaction and a Number of Options equal to the number
of Options underlying the Terminated Portion, (2) Counterparty were the sole Affected Party with respect to such partial termination and
(3) the Terminated Portion were the sole Affected Transaction (and, for the avoidance of doubt, the provisions of Section 9(l) of this
Confirmation shall apply to any amount that is payable by Dealer to Counterparty pursuant to this sentence as if Counterparty was not
the Affected Party). The Section 16 Percentage as of any day is the fraction, expressed as a percentage, (A) the
numerator of which is the number of Shares that Dealer and any of its affiliates or any other person subject to aggregation with Dealer
for purposes of the beneficial ownership test under Section 13 of the Exchange Act, or any group (within the
meaning of Section 13 of the Exchange Act) of which Dealer is or may be deemed to be a part beneficially owns (within the meaning of Section
13 of the Exchange Act), without duplication, on such day (or, to the extent that for any reason the equivalent calculation under Section
16 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder results in a higher number, such higher number) and (B) the denominator
of which is the number of Shares outstanding on such day. The Option Equity Percentage as of any day is the fraction,
expressed as a percentage, (A) the numerator of which is the sum of (1) the product of the Number of Options and the Option Entitlement
and (2) the aggregate number of Shares underlying any other call option transaction sold by Dealer to Counterparty, and (B) the denominator
of which is the number of Shares outstanding. The Share Amount as of any day is the number of Shares that Dealer
and any person whose ownership position would be aggregated with that of Dealer (Dealer or any such person, a Dealer Person)
under any law, rule, regulation, regulatory order or organizational documents or contracts of Counterparty that are, in each case, applicable
to ownership of Shares (Applicable Restrictions), owns, beneficially owns, constructively owns, controls, holds the
power to vote or otherwise meets a relevant definition of ownership under any Applicable Restriction, as determined by Dealer in its reasonable
discretion. The Applicable Share Limit means a number of Shares equal to (A) the minimum number of Shares that, in
Dealers reasonable judgment based on advice of counsel, could give rise to reporting or registration obligations (except for filings
on Form 13F, Schedule 13D or Schedule 13G, in each case, as in effect on the Trade Date) or other requirements (including obtaining prior
approval from any person or entity) of a Dealer Person, or could result in an adverse effect on a Dealer Person, under any Applicable
Restriction, as determined by Dealer in its reasonable discretion, minus (B) 1% of the number of Shares outstanding. Dealer shall
provide Counterparty with written notice of any transfer or assignment on the date of or as promptly as practicable after the date of
such transfer or assignment.

21 

(iii) Notwithstanding any other provision in this Confirmation to the contrary requiring or allowing Dealer
to purchase, sell, receive or deliver any Shares or other securities, or make or receive any payment in cash, to or from Counterparty,
Dealer may designate any of its affiliates to purchase, sell, receive or deliver such Shares or other securities, or to make or receive
such payment in cash, and otherwise to perform Dealers obligations in respect of the Transaction and any such designee may assume
such obligations. Dealer shall be discharged of its obligations to Counterparty to the extent of any such performance.

(f) Staggered Settlement. If upon advice of counsel with respect to applicable legal and regulatory
requirements, including any requirements relating to Dealers commercially reasonable hedging activities hereunder, Dealer reasonably
determines, based on the advice of counsel, that it would not be practicable or advisable to deliver, or to acquire Shares to deliver,
any or all of the Shares to be delivered by Dealer on any Settlement Date for the Transaction, Dealer may, by notice to Counterparty on
or prior to any Settlement Date (a Nominal Settlement Date), elect to deliver the Shares on two or more dates (each,
a Staggered Settlement Date) as follows:

(i) in such notice, Dealer will specify to Counterparty the related Staggered Settlement Dates (the first
of which will be such Nominal Settlement Date and the last of which will be no later than the twentieth (20th) Exchange Business
Day following such Nominal Settlement Date) and the number of Shares that it will deliver on each Staggered Settlement Date;

22 

(ii) the aggregate number of Shares that Dealer will deliver to Counterparty hereunder on all such Staggered
Settlement Dates will equal the number of Shares that Dealer would otherwise be required to deliver on such Nominal Settlement Date; and

(iii) if the Net Share Settlement terms or the Combination Settlement terms set forth above were to apply on
the Nominal Settlement Date, then the Net Share Settlement terms or the Combination Settlement terms, as the case may be, will apply on
each Staggered Settlement Date, except that the Shares otherwise deliverable on such Nominal Settlement Date will be allocated among such
Staggered Settlement Dates as specified by Dealer in the notice referred to in clause (i) above.

(g) [Reserved.]

(h) [Conduct Rules. Each party acknowledges and agrees to be bound by the Conduct Rules of the
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority applicable to transactions in options, and further agrees not to violate the position and exercise
limits set forth therein.] [Reserved.]

(i) Additional Termination Events.

(i) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Confirmation, upon any Early Conversion in respect of
which a Notice of Conversion that is effective as to Counterparty has been delivered by the relevant converting Holder (as
such term is defined in the Indenture):

(A) Counterparty shall, within five Scheduled Trading Days of the Conversion Date for such Early Conversion,
provide written notice (an Early Conversion Notice) to Dealer specifying the number of Convertible Notes surrendered
for conversion on such Conversion Date (such Convertible Notes, the Affected Convertible Notes); provided that,
any Early Conversion Notice delivered to Dealer pursuant to the Base Call Option Confirmation shall deemed to be an Early
Conversion Notice pursuant to this Confirmation and the terms of such Early Conversion Notice shall apply, mutatis mutandis, to
this Confirmation.

(B) Upon receipt of any such Early Conversion Notice, Dealer shall designate an Exchange Business Day as an
Early Termination Date (which Exchange Business Day shall be on or as promptly as reasonably practicable after the related settlement
date for the conversion of such Affected Convertible Notes) with respect to the portion of the Transaction corresponding to a number of
Options (the Affected Number of Options) equal to the lesser of (x) the number of Affected Convertible Notes minus
the Affected Number of Options (as defined in the Base Call Option Confirmation), if any, that relate to such Affected
Convertible Notes (and for the purposes of determining whether any Options under this Confirmation or under the Base Call Option Confirmation
will be among the Affected Number of Options hereunder or under, and as defined in, the Base Call Option Confirmation, the Affected Convertible
Notes specified in such Early Conversion Notice shall be allocated first to the Base Call Option Confirmation until all Options thereunder
are exercised or terminated) and (y) the Number of Options as of the Conversion Date for such Early Conversion.

(C) Any payment hereunder with respect to such termination pursuant to this Section 9(i)(i) shall be calculated
pursuant to Section 6 of the Agreement as if (x) an Early Termination Date had been designated in respect of a Transaction having terms
identical to the Transaction and a Number of Options equal to the Affected Number of Options, (y) Counterparty were the sole Affected
Party with respect to such Additional Termination Event and (z) the terminated portion of the Transaction were the sole Affected Transaction;
provided that the amount payable with respect to such termination shall not be greater than (1) the Applicable Percentage, multiplied
by (2) the Affected Number of Options, multiplied by (3) (x) the sum of (i) the amount of cash paid to the Holder
(as such term is defined in the Indenture) of an Affected Convertible Note upon conversion of such Affected Convertible Note and (ii)
the number of Shares delivered (if any) to the Holder (as such term is defined in the Indenture) of an Affected Convertible
Note upon conversion of such Affected Convertible Note, multiplied by the Applicable Limit Price on the relevant date of payment,
minus (y) the Synthetic Instrument Adjusted Issue Price per Convertible Note, as determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith
and in a commercially reasonable manner. Synthetic Instrument Adjusted Issue Price per Convertible Note shall
mean the amount determined by the Calculation Agent utilizing the numbers in the table set forth below (the Synthetic Instrument
AIP Table) based on the date of payment of the amount due with respect to the relevant Affected Number of Options (the Affected
Unwind Date). If the Affected Unwind Date is not listed in the Synthetic Instrument AIP Table, the amount in the preceding
sentence shall be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the Synthetic Instrument AIP Table using a linear interpolation
between the lower and higher Synthetic Instrument Adjusted Issue Prices per Convertible Note for the Affected Unwind Dates immediately
preceding and immediately following the relevant Affected Unwind Date. For the avoidance of doubt, any payment pursuant to this paragraph
shall be subject to Section 9(l) of this Confirmation.

23 

Affected Unwind Date Synthetic Instrument Adjusted 

Issue Price per Convertible Note

March 18, 2025 USD [______]

September 15, 2025 USD [______]

March 15, 2026 USD [______]

September 15, 2026 USD [______]

March 15, 2027 USD [______]

September 15, 2027 USD [______]

March 15, 2028 USD [______]

September 15, 2028 USD [______]

March 15, 2029 USD [______]

September 15, 2029 USD [______]

March 15, 2030 USD [______]

(D) For the avoidance of doubt, in respect of any termination pursuant to
this Section 9(i)(i), in determining the amount payable in respect of the relevant Affected Transaction pursuant to Section 6 of the Agreement,
the Calculation Agent shall assume that (x) the relevant Early Conversion and any conversions, adjustments, agreements, payments, deliveries
or acquisitions by or on behalf of Counterparty leading thereto had not occurred, (y) no adjustments to the Conversion Rate
(as such term is defined in the Indenture) have occurred pursuant to any Excluded Provision and (z) the corresponding Convertible Notes
remain outstanding.

24 

(E) Following any termination pursuant to this Section 9(i)(i), the Transaction shall remain in full force
and effect, except that, as of the Conversion Date for such Early Conversion, the Number of Options shall be reduced by the Affected Number
of Options.

(ii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Confirmation, if an event of default with respect to
Counterparty occurs under the terms of the Convertible Notes as set forth in Section 6.01 of the Indenture and the Convertible Notes are
declared due and payable as a result thereof, then such event of default shall constitute an Additional Termination Event applicable to
the Transaction and, with respect to such Additional Termination Event, (A) Counterparty shall be deemed to be the sole Affected Party,
(B) the Transaction shall be the sole Affected Transaction and (C) Dealer shall be the party entitled to designate an Early Termination
Date pursuant to Section 6(b) of the Agreement.

(iii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Confirmation, the occurrence of an Amendment Event shall
constitute an Additional Termination Event applicable to the Transaction and, with respect to such Additional Termination Event, (A) Counterparty
shall be deemed to be the sole Affected Party, (B) the Transaction shall be the sole Affected Transaction and (C) Dealer shall be the
party entitled to designate an Early Termination Date pursuant to Section 6(b) of the Agreement. Amendment Event
means that Counterparty amends, modifies, supplements, waives or obtains a waiver in respect of any term of the Indenture or the Convertible
Notes governing the principal amount, coupon, maturity, repurchase obligation of Counterparty, redemption right of Counterparty, any term
relating to conversion of the Convertible Notes (including changes to the conversion rate, conversion rate adjustment provisions, conversion
settlement dates or conversion conditions), or any term that would require consent of the holders of not less than 100% of the principal
amount of the Convertible Notes to amend (other than, in each case, any amendment or supplement (x) pursuant to Section 10.01(h) of the
Indenture that, as determined by the Calculation Agent, conforms the Indenture to the description of Convertible Notes in the Offering
Memorandum or (y) pursuant to Section 10.01(a) or Section 14.07 of the Indenture), in each case, without the consent of Dealer.

25 

(iv) Within five Scheduled Trading Days following any Repayment Event (as defined below), Counterparty (i)
shall (solely to the extent that such Repayment Event results directly from a Fundamental Change (as such term is defined
in the Indenture) or an Optional Redemption (as such term is defined in the Indenture)), and (ii) otherwise may, but shall
not be obligated to, notify Dealer of such Repayment Event and the aggregate principal amount of Convertible Notes subject to such Repayment
Event (any such notice, a Repayment Notice); provided that in the case of (ii) only, such Repayment Notice
shall contain the representation and warranty that Counterparty is not, on the date thereof, aware of any material non-public information
with respect to Counterparty or the Shares; provided, further, that any Repayment Notice delivered to Dealer pursuant
to the Base Call Option Confirmation shall deemed to be a Repayment Notice pursuant to this Confirmation and the terms of such Repayment
Notice shall apply, mutatis mutandis, to this Confirmation. The receipt by Dealer from Counterparty of any Repayment Notice, within
the applicable time period set forth in the preceding sentence, shall constitute an Additional Termination Event as provided in this paragraph,
it being understood that no Repayment Event shall constitute an Additional Termination Event hereunder unless Dealer has so received such
Repayment Notice. Upon receipt of any such Repayment Notice, Dealer shall designate an Exchange Business Day following receipt of such
Repayment Notice (which in no event shall be earlier than the date on which the relevant Repayment Event occurs or is consummated) as
an Early Termination Date with respect to the portion of the Transaction corresponding to a number of Options (the Repayment
Options) equal to the lesser of (A) (x) the aggregate principal amount of such Convertible Notes specified in such Repayment
Notice, divided by USD 1,000, minus (y) the number of Repayment Options (as defined in the Base Call Option
Confirmation), if any, that relate to such Convertible Notes (and for the purposes of determining whether any Options under this Confirmation
or under the Base Call Option Confirmation will be among the Repayment Options hereunder or under, and as defined in, the Base Call Option
Confirmation, the Convertible Notes specified in such Repayment Notice shall be allocated first to the Base Call Option Confirmation until
all Options thereunder are exercised or terminated), and (B) the Number of Options as of the date Dealer designates such Early Termination
Date and, as of such date, the Number of Options shall be reduced by the number of Repayment Options. Any payment hereunder with respect
to such termination (the Repayment Unwind Payment) shall be calculated pursuant to Section 6 of the Agreement as
if (1) an Early Termination Date had been designated in respect of a Transaction having terms identical to the Transaction and a Number
of Options equal to the number of Repayment Options, (2) Counterparty were the sole Affected Party with respect to such Additional Termination
Event and (3) the terminated portion of the Transaction was the sole Affected Transaction, provided that, in the event of a Repayment
Event resulting from a Fundamental Change (as such term is defined in the Indenture) or in connection with an Optional
Redemption (as such term is defined in the Indenture), the Repayment Unwind Payment shall not be greater than (x) the number of
Repurchase Options multiplied by (y) the product of (A) the Applicable Percentage and (B) (x) the amount paid by Counterparty per
Convertible Note in connection with the relevant Repayment Event pursuant to the relevant sections of the Indenture minus (y) the
Synthetic Instrument Adjusted Issue Price per Convertible Note, as determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially
reasonable manner by reference to the Synthetic Instrument AIP Table based on the date of payment of the relevant amount (the Repayment
Date) as if such Repayment Date were the Affected Unwind Date. If the relevant Repayment Date is not listed in
the Synthetic Instrument AIP Table, the amount in the preceding sentence shall be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to
the Synthetic Instrument AIP Table using a linear interpolation between the lower and higher Synthetic Instrument Adjusted Issue Prices
per Convertible Note for the Affected Unwind Dates immediately preceding and immediately following the relevant Repayment Date. For the
avoidance of doubt, any payment pursuant to this paragraph shall be subject to Section 9(l) of this Confirmation. For the avoidance of
doubt, solely for purposes of calculating the amount payable pursuant to Section 6 of the Agreement pursuant to the immediately preceding
sentence, Dealer shall assume that the relevant Repayment Event (and, if applicable, the related Fundamental Change (as
such term is defined in the Indenture) and the announcement of such Fundamental Change (as such term is defined in the Indenture))
had not occurred. Repayment Event means that (i) any Convertible Notes are repurchased and cancelled in accordance
with the Indenture (whether in connection with or as a result of a Fundamental Change (as such term is defined in the Indenture),
upon an Optional Redemption (as such term is defined in the Indenture) or for any other reason) by Counterparty or any of
its subsidiaries, (ii) any Convertible Notes are delivered to Counterparty or any of its subsidiaries in exchange for delivery of any
property or assets of such party (howsoever described), (iii) any principal of any of the Convertible Notes is repaid prior to the final
maturity date of the Convertible Notes (for any reason other than as a result of an acceleration of the Convertible Notes that results
in an Additional Termination Event pursuant to the preceding Section 9(i)(ii)), or (iv) any Convertible Notes are exchanged by or for
the benefit of the holders thereof for any other securities of Counterparty or any of its subsidiaries (or any other property, or any
combination thereof) pursuant to any exchange offer or similar transaction. For the avoidance of doubt, any conversion of Convertible
Notes (whether into cash, Shares, reference property or any combination thereof) pursuant to the terms of the Indenture shall not constitute
a Repayment Event. In addition, Counterparty acknowledges, based on advice of outside counsel, its responsibilities under applicable securities
laws, including, in particular, Sections 9 and 10(b) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder in respect of the Repayment
Event, including, without limitation, the delivery of a Repayment Notice hereunder.

26 

(j) Amendments to Equity Definitions.

(i) Section 11.2(e)(vii) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by deleting the words that may
have a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Shares and replacing them with the words that
is the result of a corporate event involving the Issuer or its securities that has, in the commercially reasonable judgment of the Calculation
Agent, a material economic effect on the Shares or the Options.

(ii) Section 12.9(b)(i) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by (1) replacing either party may
elect with Dealer may elect and (2) replacing notice to the other party with notice to Counterparty
in the first sentence of such section.

(k) Setoff. Notwithstanding any provision of the Agreement and this Confirmation (including
without limitation this Section 9(k)) or any other agreement between the parties to the contrary, each party waives any and all rights
it may have to set off obligations arising under the Agreement and the Transaction against other obligations between the parties, whether
arising under any other agreement, applicable law or otherwise.

(l) Alternative Calculations and Payment on Early Termination and on Certain Extraordinary Events.
If (a) an Early Termination Date (whether as a result of an Event of Default or a Termination Event) occurs or is designated with respect
to the Transaction or (b) the Transaction is cancelled or terminated upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event (except as a result
of (i) a Nationalization, Insolvency or Merger Event in which the consideration to be paid to all holders of Shares consists solely of
cash, (ii) an Announcement Event, Merger Event or Tender Offer that is within Counterpartys control, or (iii) an Event of Default
in which Counterparty is the Defaulting Party or a Termination Event in which Counterparty is the sole Affected Party other than an Event
of Default of the type described in Section 5(a)(iii), (v), (vi), (vii) or (viii) of the Agreement or a Termination Event of the type
described in Section 5(b) of the Agreement, in each case that resulted from an event or events outside Counterpartys control),
and if Dealer would owe any amount to Counterparty pursuant to Section 6(d)(ii) of the Agreement or any Cancellation Amount pursuant to
Article 12 of the Equity Definitions (any such amount, a Payment Obligation), then Dealer shall satisfy the Payment
Obligation by the Share Termination Alternative (as defined below), unless (a) Counterparty gives irrevocable telephonic notice to
Dealer, confirmed in writing within one Scheduled Trading Day, no later than 12:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date of the Announcement
Event, Merger Date, Tender Offer Date, Announcement Date (in the case of a Nationalization, Insolvency or Delisting), Early Termination
Date or date of cancellation, as applicable, of its election that the Share Termination Alternative shall not apply, (b) Counterparty
remakes the representation set forth in Section 8(c) of this Confirmation as of the date of such election and (c) Dealer agrees, in its
sole discretion, to such election, in which case the provisions of Section 12.7 or Section 12.9 of the Equity Definitions, or the provisions
of Section 6(d)(ii) of the Agreement, as the case may be, shall apply.

Share Termination Alternative: If applicable, Dealer shall deliver to Counterparty the Share Termination Delivery Property on, or within a commercially reasonable period of time after, the date when the relevant Payment Obligation would otherwise be due pursuant to Section 12.7 or 12.9 of the Equity Definitions or Section 6(d)(ii) and 6(e) of the Agreement, as applicable, in satisfaction of such Payment Obligation in the manner reasonably requested by Counterparty free of payment.

27 

Share Termination Delivery Property: A number of Share Termination Delivery Units, as calculated by the Calculation Agent, equal to the Payment Obligation divided by the Share Termination Unit Price. The Calculation Agent shall adjust the Share Termination Delivery Property by replacing any fractional portion of a security therein with an amount of cash equal to the value of such fractional security based on the values used to calculate the Share Termination Unit Price.

Share Termination Delivery Unit: One Share or, if the Shares have changed into cash or any other property or the right to receive cash or any other property as the result of a Nationalization, Insolvency or Merger Event (any such cash or other property, the Exchange Property), a unit consisting of the type and amount of such Exchange Property received by a holder of one Share (without consideration of any requirement to pay cash or other consideration in lieu of fractional amounts of any securities) in such Nationalization, Insolvency or Merger Event, as determined by the Calculation Agent.

Share Termination Unit Price: The value to Dealer of property contained in one Share Termination Delivery Unit, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion by commercially reasonable means and notified by the Calculation Agent to Dealer at the time of notification of the Payment Obligation. For the avoidance of doubt, the parties agree that in determining the Share Termination Delivery Unit Price the Calculation Agent may consider the purchase price paid in connection with the purchase of Share Termination Delivery Property that was purchased in connection with the delivery of the Share Termination Delivery Units.

Failure to Deliver: Applicable

Other applicable provisions: If Share Termination Alternative is applicable, the provisions of Sections 9.8, 9.9 and 9.11 (as modified above) of the Equity Definitions and the provisions set forth opposite the caption Representation and Agreement in Section 2 of this Confirmation will be applicable, except that all references in such provisions to Physically-settled shall be read as references to Share Termination Settled and all references to Shares shall be read as references to Share Termination Delivery Units. Share Termination Settled in relation to the Transaction means that Share Termination Alternative is applicable to the Transaction.

(m) Waiver of Jury Trial. Each party waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law,
any right it may have to a trial by jury in respect of any suit, action or proceeding relating to the Transaction. Each party (i) certifies
that no representative, agent or attorney of either party has represented, expressly or otherwise, that such other party would not, in
the event of such a suit, action or proceeding, seek to enforce the foregoing waiver and (ii) acknowledges that it and the other party
have been induced to enter into the Transaction, as applicable, by, among other things, the mutual waivers and certifications provided
herein.

28 

(n) Registration. Counterparty hereby agrees that if, in the good faith and commercially reasonable
judgment of Dealer, based on the advice of counsel, the Shares acquired and held by Dealer for the purpose of effecting a commercially
reasonable hedge of its obligations pursuant to the Transaction (Hedge Shares) cannot be sold in the public market
by Dealer without registration under the Securities Act (other than any such Hedge Shares that were, at the time of acquisition by Dealer,
restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act)), Counterparty shall, at its election, either (i)
in order to allow Dealer to sell the Hedge Shares in a registered offering, make available to Dealer an effective registration statement
under the Securities Act and enter into an agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Dealer, substantially in the form
of an underwriting agreement for a registered secondary offering of substantially similar size and in a similar industry; provided,
however, that if Dealer, in its sole reasonable discretion, is not satisfied with access to due diligence materials, the results
of its due diligence investigation, or the procedures and documentation for the registered offering referred to above, then clause (ii)
or clause (iii) of this paragraph shall apply at the election of Counterparty, (ii) in order to allow Dealer to sell the Hedge Shares
in a private placement, enter into a private placement agreement substantially similar to private placement purchase agreements customary
for private placements of equity securities of similar size and industry, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Dealer (in
which case, the Calculation Agent shall make any adjustments to the terms of the Transaction that are necessary, in its commercially reasonable
judgment, to compensate Dealer for any commercially reasonable discount from the public market price of the Shares incurred on the sale
of Hedge Shares in a private placement), or (iii) purchase the Hedge Shares from Dealer at the then-current market price on such Exchange
Business Days, and in the amounts and at such time(s), requested by Dealer.

(o) Tax Disclosure. Effective from the date of commencement of discussions concerning the Transaction,
Counterparty and each of its employees, representatives, or other agents may disclose to any and all persons, without limitation of any
kind, the tax treatment and tax structure of the Transaction and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses)
that are provided to Counterparty relating to such tax treatment and tax structure.

(p) Right to Extend. Dealer may postpone or add, in whole or in part, any Valid Day or Valid
Days during the Settlement Averaging Period or any other date of valuation, payment or delivery by Dealer, with respect to some or all
of the Options hereunder, to the extent Dealer determines in its commercially reasonable discretion (and in the case of clause (ii) below,
based on the advice of counsel), that such action is reasonably necessary or appropriate (i) to preserve Dealers commercially reasonable
hedging or hedge unwind activity hereunder in light of existing liquidity conditions (but only if there is a material decrease in liquidity
relative to Dealers expectations on the Trade Date) or (ii) to enable Dealer to effect purchases or sales of Shares in connection
with its commercially reasonable hedging, hedge unwind or settlement activity hereunder in a manner that would, if Dealer were Counterparty
or an affiliated purchaser of Counterparty, be in compliance with applicable legal, regulatory or self-regulatory requirements, or with
related policies and procedures applicable to Dealer (so long as such policies or procedures are consistently applied to transactions
similar to the Transaction); provided that no such Valid Day or other date of valuation, payment or delivery may be postponed or
added more than 50 Valid Days after the original Valid Day or other date of valuation, payment or delivery, as the case may be.

(q) Status of Claims in Bankruptcy. Dealer acknowledges and agrees that this Confirmation is
not intended to convey to Dealer rights against Counterparty with respect to the Transaction that are senior to the claims of common stockholders
of Counterparty in any United States bankruptcy proceedings of Counterparty; provided that nothing herein shall limit or shall
be deemed to limit Dealers right to pursue remedies in the event of a breach by Counterparty of its obligations and agreements
with respect to the Transaction; provided further that nothing herein shall limit or shall be deemed to limit Dealers rights
in respect of any transactions other than the Transaction.

29 

(r) Securities Contract; Swap Agreement. The parties hereto intend for (i) the Transaction to
be a securities contract and a swap agreement as defined in the Bankruptcy Code, and the parties hereto to
be entitled to the protections afforded by, among other Sections, Sections 362(b)(6), 362(b)(17), 546(e), 546(g), 555 and 560 of the Bankruptcy
Code, (ii) a partys right to liquidate the Transaction and to exercise any other remedies upon the occurrence of any Event of Default
under the Agreement with respect to the other party to constitute a contractual right as described in the Bankruptcy Code,
and (iii) each payment and delivery of cash, securities or other property hereunder to constitute a margin payment or settlement
payment and a transfer as defined in the Bankruptcy Code.

(s) Notice of Certain Other Events. Counterparty covenants and agrees that:

(i) promptly following the public announcement of the results of any election by the holders of Shares with
respect to the consideration due upon consummation of any Merger Event, Counterparty shall give Dealer written notice of the types and
amounts of consideration actually received by holders of Shares pursuant to such Merger Event (the date of such notification, the Consideration
Notification Date); provided that in no event shall the Consideration Notification Date be later than the date on which
such Merger Event is consummated; and

(ii) (A) Counterparty shall give Dealer commercially reasonable advance (but in no event less than one Exchange
Business Day) written notice of the section or sections of the Indenture and, if applicable, the formula therein, pursuant to which any
adjustment will be made to the Convertible Notes in connection with any Potential Adjustment Event, Merger Event or Tender Offer and (B)
promptly following any such adjustment, Counterparty shall give Dealer written notice of the details of such adjustment.

(t) Wall Street Transparency and Accountability Act. In connection with Section 739 of the Wall
Street Transparency and Accountability Act of 2010 (WSTAA), the parties hereby agree that neither the enactment of
WSTAA or any regulation under the WSTAA, nor any requirement under WSTAA or an amendment made by WSTAA, shall limit or otherwise impair
either partys otherwise applicable rights to terminate, renegotiate, modify, amend or supplement this Confirmation or the Agreement,
as applicable, arising from a termination event, force majeure, illegality, increased costs, regulatory change or similar event under
this Confirmation, the Equity Definitions incorporated herein, or the Agreement (including, but not limited to, rights arising from Change
in Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging, an Excess Ownership Position, or Illegality (as defined in the Agreement)).

(u) Agreements and Acknowledgements Regarding Hedging. Counterparty understands, acknowledges
and agrees that: (A) at any time on and prior to the Expiration Date, Dealer and its affiliates may buy or sell Shares or other securities
or buy or sell options or futures contracts or enter into swaps or other derivative securities in order to adjust its hedge position with
respect to the Transaction; (B) Dealer and its affiliates also may be active in the market for Shares other than in connection with hedging
activities in relation to the Transaction; (C) Dealer shall make its own determination as to whether, when or in what manner any hedging
or market activities in securities of Issuer shall be conducted and shall do so in a manner that it deems appropriate to hedge its price
and market risk with respect to the Relevant Prices; and (D) any market activities of Dealer and its affiliates with respect to Shares
may affect the market price and volatility of Shares, as well as the Relevant Prices, each in a manner that may be adverse to Counterparty.

30 

(v) Early Unwind. In the event the sale of the Option Securities (as defined in
the Purchase Agreement) is not consummated with the Initial Purchasers for any reason, or Counterparty fails to deliver to Dealer opinions
of counsel as required pursuant to Section 9(a) of this Confirmation, in each case by 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Premium Payment
Date, or such later date as agreed upon by the parties (the Premium Payment Date or such later date, the Early Unwind Date),
the Transaction shall automatically terminate (the Early Unwind) on the Early Unwind Date and (i) the Transaction
and all of the respective rights and obligations of Dealer and Counterparty under the Transaction shall be cancelled and terminated and
(ii) each party shall be released and discharged by the other party from and agrees not to make any claim against the other party with
respect to any obligations or liabilities of the other party arising out of and to be performed in connection with the Transaction either
prior to or after the Early Unwind Date. Each of Dealer and Counterparty represents and acknowledges to the other that upon an Early Unwind,
all obligations with respect to the Transaction shall be deemed fully and finally discharged.

(w) Tax Matters.

(i) Withholding Tax imposed on payments to
non-U.S. counterparties under the United States Foreign Account Tax Compliance provisions of the HIRE Act. The parties hereto agree
that for the Transaction the terms Tax and Indemnifiable Tax as defined in Section 14 of the Agreement, shall
not include any Tax imposed pursuant to Section 1471 or 1472 of the Code, as amended, any current or future regulations or official interpretations
thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices
adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Code (a
FATCA Withholding Tax). For the avoidance of doubt, a FATCA Withholding Tax is a Tax the deduction or withholding
of which is required by applicable law for the purposes of Section 2(d)(i) of the Agreement.

(ii) Tax Documentation. For purposes of
Section 4(a)(i) and (ii) of the Agreement, (i) Counterparty agrees to deliver to Dealer one duly executed and completed United States
Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 (or successor thereto) and (ii) Dealer agrees to deliver to Counterparty [one duly executed and completed
United States Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 (or successor thereto)], in each case, (A) or before the date of execution of this Confirmation
and (B) promptly upon learning that any such tax form previously provided by it has become obsolete or incorrect. Additionally, each party
shall, promptly upon request by the other party, provide such other tax forms and documents reasonably requested by the other party.

(iii) Payee Tax Representations. Counterparty
is a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes and is organized under the laws of the State of Delaware. Counterparty is a U.S.
person (as that term is used in section 1.1441-4(a)(3)(ii) of United States Treasury Regulations) for U.S. federal income tax purposes
and an exempt recipient under Treasury Regulation Section 1.6049-4(c)(1)(ii). [Dealer is a U.S. person (as that term is
used in section 1.1441-4(a)(3)(ii) of United States Treasury Regulations) for U.S. federal income tax purposes and an exempt recipient
under Treasury Regulation Section 1.6049-4(c)(1)(ii).] Each party agrees to give notice of any failure of a representation made by it
under this Section 9(w)(iii) to be accurate and true promptly upon learning of such failure.

(iv) Section 871(m). The parties hereto
agree that for the Transaction the terms Tax and Indemnifiable Tax as defined in Section 14 of the Agreement
shall not include any tax imposed on payments treated as dividends from sources within the United States under Section 871(m) of the Code
or any regulations issued thereunder.

(x) Payment by Counterparty. In the event that, following payment of the Premium, (i) an Early
Termination Date occurs or is designated with respect to the Transaction as a result of a Termination Event or an Event of Default (other
than an Event of Default arising under Section 5(a)(ii) or 5(a)(iv) of the Agreement) and, as a result, Counterparty owes to Dealer an
amount calculated under Section 6(e) of the Agreement, or (ii) Counterparty owes to Dealer, pursuant to Section 12.7 or Section 12.9 of
the Equity Definitions, an amount calculated under Section 12.8 of the Equity Definitions, such amount shall be deemed to be zero.

31 

(y) Other Adjustments Pursuant to the Equity Definitions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
in the Agreement, the Equity Definitions or this Confirmation, upon the occurrence of a Merger Date, the occurrence of a Tender Offer
Date, or declaration by Counterparty of the terms of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent shall determine in good faith
and in a commercially reasonable manner whether such occurrence or declaration, as applicable, has had a material economic effect on the
Transaction, and if so, shall, in its good faith and commercially reasonable discretion, adjust the Cap Price to account for the economic
effect on the Transaction of such occurrence or declaration (provided that in no event shall the Cap Price be less than the Strike
Price; and provided further that any adjustment to the Cap Price made pursuant to this section shall be made without duplication
of any other adjustment hereunder and that such adjustments may be made to account solely for changes in stock price volatility, expected
dividends, interest rates, stock loan rate, value of any commercially reasonable hedge positions in connection with the Transaction and
liquidity relevant to the Shares or to such Transaction). Solely for purposes of this Section 9(y): (x) the terms Potential
Adjustment Event, Merger Event, and Tender Offer shall each have the meanings assigned to each such
term in the Equity Definitions (in the case of the definition of Potential Adjustment Event, as amended by Section 9(j)(i)
of this Confirmation, and in the case of the definition of Tender Offer, as amended by the provisions opposite the caption
Announcement Event in Section 3 of this Confirmation) and (y) Extraordinary Dividend means any cash
dividend on the Shares.

(z) CARES Act. Counterparty acknowledges that the Transaction may constitute a purchase of its
equity securities or a capital distribution. Counterparty further acknowledges that, pursuant to the provisions of the Coronavirus Aid,
Relief and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act), Counterparty will be required to agree to certain time-bound restrictions
on its ability to purchase its equity securities or make capital distributions if it receives loans, loan guarantees or direct loans (as
that term is defined in the CARES Act) under section 4003(b) of the CARES Act. Counterparty further acknowledges that it may be required
to agree to certain time-bound restrictions on its ability to purchase its equity securities or make capital distributions if it receives
loans, loan guarantees or direct loans (as that term is defined in the CARES Act) under programs or facilities established by the Board
of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the U.S. Department of Treasury or similar governmental entity for the purpose of providing
liquidity to the financial system. Accordingly, Counterparty represents and warrants that neither it, nor any of its subsidiaries have
applied, and have no present intention to apply, for a loan, loan guarantee, direct loan (as that term is defined in the CARES
Act) or other investment, or to receive any financial assistance or relief (howsoever defined) under any program or facility that (a)
is established under applicable law (whether in existence as of the Trade Date or subsequently enacted, adopted or amended), including
without limitation the CARES Act and the Federal Reserve Act, as amended, and (b) requires under applicable law (or any regulation, guidance,
interpretation or other pronouncement thereunder), as a condition of such loan, loan guarantee, direct loan (as that term is defined in
the CARES Act), investment, financial assistance or relief, that Counterparty comply with any requirement to, or otherwise agree, attest,
certify or warrant that it has not, as of the date specified in such condition, repurchased, or will not repurchase, any equity security
of Counterparty; provided that Counterparty may apply for any such governmental assistance if Counterparty determines
based on the advice of nationally recognized outside counsel that the terms of the Transaction would not cause Counterparty to fail to
satisfy any condition for application for or receipt or retention of such governmental assistance based on the terms of the relevant program
or facility as of the date of such advice. Counterparty further represents and warrants that the Premium is not being paid, in whole or
in part, directly or indirectly, with funds received under or pursuant to any program or facility, including the U.S. Small Business Administrations
Paycheck Protection Program, that (a) is established under applicable law, including without limitation the CARES Act and
the Federal Reserve Act, as amended, and (b) requires under such applicable law (or any regulation, guidance, interpretation or other
pronouncement of a governmental authority with jurisdiction for such program or facility) that such funds be used for specified or enumerated
purposes that do not include the purchase of this Transaction (either by specific reference to this Transaction or by general reference
to transactions with the attributes of this Transaction in all relevant respects).

32 

(aa) [Insert Dealer agency boilerplate, if applicable.]

(bb) [Insert preferred form of US QFC Stay Rule language for each Dealer, as applicable.]

(cc) [Insert additional Dealer boilerplate, if applicable.]

[Signature Pages Follow]

33 

Please confirm that the foregoing correctly sets forth
the terms of our agreement by executing this Confirmation and returning it to Dealer.

Very truly yours,

[Dealer]

By: 

Name: 

Title:

[Signature Page to the Additional Capped Call Confirmation]

Accepted and confirmed

as of the Trade Date:

INTEGER HOLDINGS CORPORATION 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature Page to the Additional Capped Call Confirmation]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>exh_103.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

CALL OPTION TERMINATION AGREEMENT 

dated as of March 13, 2025

Between INTEGER HOLDINGS CORPORATION and [DEALER]

THIS CALL OPTION TERMINATION AGREEMENT (this Agreement)
with respect to the Call Option Confirmations (as defined below) is made as of March 13, 2025 between Integer Holdings Corporation
(Company) and [DEALER] (Dealer).

WHEREAS, Company issued $500,000,000 principal amount
of 2.125% Convertible Senior Notes due 2028 (the Convertible Notes) pursuant to an Indenture dated as of February
3, 2023 between Company and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee;

WHEREAS, in connection with the pricing of the Convertible
Notes, Company and Dealer entered into a Base Call Option Transaction (the Base Call Option Transaction) pursuant
to an ISDA confirmation dated as of January 31, 2023, which supplements, forms a part of, and is subject to an agreement in the form of
the 2002 ISDA Master Agreement, pursuant to which Company purchased from Dealer [_______] call options (as amended, modified, terminated
or unwound from time to time, the Base Call Option Confirmation);

WHEREAS, in connection with the exercise of the initial
purchasers option to purchase additional Convertible Notes, Company and Dealer entered into an Additional Call Option Transaction
(the Additional Call Option Transaction and, together with the Base Call Option Transaction, the Call Option
Transactions) pursuant to an ISDA confirmation dated as of February 1, 2023, which supplements, forms a part of, and is subject
to an agreement in the form of the 2002 ISDA Master Agreement, pursuant to which Company purchased from Dealer [_______] call options
(as amended, modified, terminated or unwound from time to time, the Additional Call Option Confirmation and, together
with the Base Call Option Confirmation, the Call Option Confirmations);

WHEREAS, in connection with the Early Conversions of
$[_______] aggregate principal amount of Convertible Notes, [_______] Options were terminated pursuant to Section 9(i)(i) of the Call
Option Confirmations and the Number of Options under the Base Call Option Transaction was reduced to [_______]; and

WHEREAS, in connection with an exchange by Company
of a portion of the outstanding Convertible Notes for cash and Shares through one or more separate and individually negotiated transactions
with certain of the holders of the Convertible Notes (the Convertible Note Exchanges), Company has requested full
termination of the Additional Call Option Transaction and partial termination of the Base Call Option Transaction;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of their mutual covenants
herein contained, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby mutually covenant and agree as follows:

1. Defined
Terms. Any capitalized term not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning set forth for such term in the Call Option Confirmations.

2. Termination.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Call Option Confirmations, Company and Dealer agree that, effective on the date hereof,
but subject to Dealers delivery of the Share Settlement Amount (as defined below) to Company and subject to Section 14 of this
Agreement, (i) the Additional Call Option Transaction shall automatically terminate and all of the respective rights and obligations of
the parties under the Additional Call Option Confirmation shall be terminated, cancelled and extinguished, (ii) the Number of Options
under the Base Call Option Transaction shall be reduced to [_______] and (iii) in connection therewith, Dealer shall be required to deliver
to Company a number of Shares equal to the Share Settlement Amount on the Delivery Date pursuant to Section 4 below.

3. [Reserved.]

4. Delivery.
On March 18, 2025 or, if such day is not a Clearance System Business Day, on the next Clearance System Business Day immediately following
such day (the Delivery Date), Dealer shall deliver to Company, to the account specified in Section 7 hereof, [___]
Shares (the Share Settlement Amount).

5. Representations
and Warranties of Company. Company represents and warrants to Dealer on the date hereof that:

(a) it has the power to execute this Agreement
and any other documentation relating to this Agreement to which it is a party, to deliver this Agreement and to perform its obligations
under this Agreement and has taken all necessary action to authorize such execution, delivery and performance;

(b) such execution, delivery and performance
do not violate or conflict with any law applicable to it, any provision of its constitutional documents, any order or judgment of any
court or other agency of government applicable to it or any of its assets or any material contractual restriction binding on or affecting
it or any of its assets;

(c) all governmental and other consents that
are required to have been obtained by it with respect to this Agreement have been obtained and are in full force and effect and all conditions
of any such consents have been complied with;

(d) its obligations under this Agreement constitute
its legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms (subject to applicable bankruptcy, reorganization,
insolvency, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject, as to enforceability, to equitable principles
of general application (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding in equity or at law));

(e) it is not in possession of any material nonpublic
information regarding Company or the Shares;

(f) it is not entering into this Agreement to
create actual or apparent trading activity in the Shares (or any security convertible into or exchangeable for the Shares) or to raise
or depress or otherwise manipulate the price of the Shares (or any security convertible into or exchangeable for the Shares) or otherwise
in violation of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act);

(g) it is not and, after consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby, will not be required to register as an investment company as such term is defined in the
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended;

(h) it understands that notwithstanding any other
relationship between Company and Dealer and its affiliates, in connection with the Call Option Transactions and this Agreement, Dealer
is acting as principal and is not a fiduciary or advisor in respect of any such transactions, including any entry, exercise, amendment,
unwind or termination thereof;

(i) it is an eligible contract participant
(as such term is defined in Section 1a(18) of the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended, other than a person that is an eligible contract
participant under Section 1a(18)(C) of the Commodity Exchange Act); and

(j) it (A) is capable of evaluating investment
risks independently, both in general and with regard to all transactions and investment strategies involving a security or securities;
(B) will exercise independent judgment in evaluating the recommendations of any broker-dealer or its associated persons, unless it has
otherwise notified the broker-dealer in writing; and (C) has total assets of at least $50 million.

6. Representations
and Warranties of Dealer. Dealer represents and warrants to Company on the date hereof that:

(a) it has the power to execute this Agreement
and any other documentation relating to this Agreement to which it is a party, to deliver this Agreement and to perform its obligations
under this Agreement and has taken all necessary action to authorize such execution, delivery and performance;

(b) such execution, delivery and performance
do not violate or conflict with any law applicable to it, any provision of its constitutional documents, any order or judgment of any
court or other agency of government applicable to it or any of its assets or any material contractual restriction binding on or affecting
it or any of its assets;

(c) all governmental and other consents that
are required to have been obtained by it with respect to this Agreement have been obtained and are in full force and effect and all conditions
of any such consents have been complied with; and

(d) its obligations under this Agreement constitute
its legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms (subject to applicable bankruptcy, reorganization,
insolvency, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject, as to enforceability, to equitable principles
of general application (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding in equity or at law)).

2 

7. Account
for Delivery to Company:

Computer Share TA #: 50237

Cusip: 45826H109

Company Contact: Mark Zawodzinski, [_______]

8. Governing
Law. This Agreement and any dispute arising hereunder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State
of New York (without reference to choice of law doctrine).

9. Counterparts.
This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if all of the
signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. Any signature page executed by facsimile or electronic transmission (e.g.,
pdf or tif), or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic
Transactions Act or other applicable law, e.g., www.docusign.com, shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof.

10. No
Reliance, etc. Company confirms that it has relied on the advice of its own counsel and other advisors (to the extent it deems appropriate)
with respect to any legal, tax, accounting, or regulatory consequences of this Agreement, that it has not relied on Dealer or its affiliates
in any respect in connection therewith, and that it will not hold Dealer or its affiliates accountable for any such consequences.

11. Designation
by Dealer. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement to the contrary requiring or allowing Dealer to purchase, sell, receive
or deliver any Shares or other securities to or from Company, Dealer may designate any of its affiliates to purchase, sell, receive or
deliver such Shares or other securities and otherwise to perform Dealer obligations in respect of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement and any such designee may assume such obligations. Dealer shall be discharged of its obligations to Company to the extent of
any such performance.

12. No
Other Changes. Except as expressly set forth herein, all of the terms and conditions of the Call Option Confirmations shall remain
in full force and effect and are hereby confirmed in all respects.

13. Additional
Acknowledgements and Agreements. Company understands, acknowledges and agrees that (A) Company does not have, and shall not attempt
to exercise, any influence over how, when or whether Dealer effects any hedge unwind and/or purchasing activity in connection with this
Agreement, (B) Dealer and its affiliates may buy or sell Shares or other securities or buy or sell options or futures contracts or enter
into or unwind swaps or other derivative securities for its own account in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
(C) Dealer and its affiliates also may be active in the market for Shares or other securities other than in connection with hedging activities
in relation to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (D) Dealer shall make its own determination as to whether, when or in
what manner any hedging or market activities in securities of Company shall be conducted and shall do so in a manner that it deems appropriate
to hedge its price and market risk with respect to the delivery required under this Agreement, (E) any market activities of Dealer and
its affiliates with respect to Shares or other securities may affect the market price and volatility of Shares, each in a manner that
may be adverse to Company and (F) Dealer may purchase or sell Shares or unwind other hedge positions for its own account at an average
price that may be greater than, or less than, any price paid by or to Company in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.

14. Unwind
Termination Effectiveness. In the event the sale of the Initial Securities (as defined in the Purchase Agreement (the
Purchase Agreement) dated as of March 13, 2025 between Company and BofA Securities, Inc., Citigroup Global Markets
Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as representatives of the Initial Purchasers party thereto (the Initial Purchasers))
is not consummated with the Initial Purchasers for any reason by 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on March 18, 2025, or such later date
as agreed upon by Company and Dealer (March 18, 2025 or such later date, the Unwind Termination Date), this Agreement
shall automatically terminate (the Unwind Termination) on the Unwind Termination Date and (i) this Agreement and
all of the respective rights and obligations of Dealer and Company under this Agreement shall be cancelled and terminated and (ii) each
party shall be released and discharged by the other party from and agrees not to make any claim against the other party with respect to
any obligations or liabilities of the other party arising out of and to be performed in connection with this Agreement either prior to
or after the Unwind Termination Date. Each of Dealer and Company represents and acknowledges to the other that upon an Unwind Termination,
all obligations with respect to this Agreement shall be deemed fully and finally discharged, and all of the terms and conditions of the
Call Option Confirmations as in effect prior to execution of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.

3 

15. [Insert
Dealer agency language, if any.]

16. [Insert additional Dealer
boilerplate language, if any.]

[Signature Pages Follow]

4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be
duly executed as of the date first written above.

[Dealer]

By: 

Name:

Title:

[Signature Page to Call Option Termination Agreement]

Integer Holdings Corporation

By: 

Name:

Title:

[Signature Page to Call Option Termination Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>exh_991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE
<TEXT>
EdgarFiling

EXHIBIT 99.1

Integer Holdings Corporation Enhances Capitalization Structure with the Closing of $1.0 Billion Convertible Senior Notes Offering

~ Strategic transaction to create revolver capacity ~

~ Immediately accretive to 2025 adjusted earnings on meaningfully lower interest expense ~

PLANO, Texas, March 18, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Integer Holdings Corporation (the Company) (NYSE: ITGR), a leading medical device contract development and manufacturing organization, announces the closing of its offering of $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of 1.875% convertible senior notes due 2030 (the Notes). In response to strong investor demand at attractive terms, the Company upsized the initial offering of $750 million aggregate principal amount of the Notes to $875 million and the initial purchasers fully exercised their option to purchase an additional $125 million aggregate principal amount of the Notes.

This transaction creates revolver capacity to enable us to continue executing our strategy while reducing our interest costs by meaningfully increasing the percentage of our debt at substantially lower interest rates, said Joe Dziedzic, president and CEO. We believe the strong demand from investors for this convertible bond offering demonstrates investors confidence in Integers strategy and financial strength.

This transaction is expected to be immediately accretive to 2025 adjusted earnings from lower interest expense of approximately $12 million, based on todays outstanding debt and current interest rates, said Diron Smith, executive vice president and CFO. We accomplished our strategic objective of enhancing our capitalization structure by creating revolver capacity to continue our tuck-in acquisition strategy. We remain committed to our targeted leverage range of 2.5 to 3.5 times adjusted EBITDA. In addition, the structure of the Notes and the associated capped calls also protect investors by mitigating potential dilution in the future.

The Company estimates that the aggregate net proceeds from this offering will be $976.1 million after deducting the initial purchasers discounts and estimated offering expenses payable by the Company. The net proceeds from the transaction will be used to pay costs associated with capped call transactions related to the Notes, exchange a portion of the Companys outstanding 2.125% convertible senior notes due 2028 (the Existing Convertible Notes), and to fully repay outstanding borrowings and accrued interest under the Companys revolving credit facility. The Company intends to use the remainder of the net proceeds to repay outstanding borrowings and accrued interest under the Companys term A loan.

Upon conversion, the principal amount of the Notes will be paid in cash. As a result of the related capped call transactions, dilution upon a conversion of the Notes will be mitigated by the increased effective conversion price of the Notes to $189.44, a premium of 60% over the closing sale price of the Companys common stock of $118.40 per share on March 13, 2025. The Company will have the option to further minimize dilution in the future by electing to deliver the value of any conversion obligation owed in excess of the principal amount of the Notes in cash, or a combination of cash and shares.

About Integer 

Integer Holdings Corporation (NYSE: ITGR) is one of the largest medical device contract development and manufacturing organizations (CDMO) in the world, serving the cardiac rhythm management, neuromodulation, and cardio and vascular markets. As a strategic partner of choice to medical device companies and OEMs, the Company is committed to enhancing the lives of patients worldwide by providing innovative, high-quality products and solutions. The Company's brands include Greatbatch Medical and Lake Region Medical. 

Investor Relations:

Kristen Stewart

551.337.3973

kristen.stewart@integer.net

Media Relations:

Kelly Butler

469.731.6617

kelly.butler@integer.net

Forward-Looking Statements 

Some of the statements contained in this press release are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and are subject to the safe harbor created thereby under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The Company has based these forward-looking statements on its current expectations, and these statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding expected impact of the offering on 2025 adjusted earnings, relating to the offering, the use of net proceeds from the offering, the capped call transactions, and the note exchange transactions.

You can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, will, should, could, expects, intends, plans, anticipates, believes, estimates, predicts, projects, forecast, outlook, assume, potential or continue or variations or the negative counterparts of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions and are no guarantee of future performance, and investors should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as predictive of future results. Actual events or results may differ materially from those stated or implied by these forward-looking statements. In evaluating these statements and the Companys prospects, you should carefully consider the factors set forth below. All forward-looking statements attributable to the Company or persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by these cautionary factors. The Company disclaims any obligation to publicly update or revise the forward-looking statements made in this press release as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law.

While it is not possible to create a comprehensive list of all factors that may cause actual results to differ from results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements or that may affect the Companys future results, some of these factors and other risks and uncertainties that arise from time to time are described in Item 1A Risk Factors of the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K and in its other periodic filings with the SEC and include the following:

operational risks, such as the Companys dependence upon a limited number of customers; pricing pressures and contractual pricing restraints the Company faces from customers; its reliance on third-party suppliers for raw materials, key products and subcomponents; interruptions in its manufacturing operations; its ability to attract, train and retain a sufficient number of qualified associates to maintain and grow its business; the potential for harm to its reputation and competitive advantage caused by quality problems related to its products; its dependence upon its information technology systems and its ability to prevent cyber-attacks and other failures; global climate change and the emphasis on environmental, social and governance matters by various stakeholders; its dependence upon its senior management team and key technical personnel; and consolidation in the healthcare industry resulting in greater competition;

strategic risks, such as the intense competition the Company faces and its ability to successfully market its products; its ability to respond to changes in technology; its ability to develop new products and expand into new geographic and product markets; and its ability to successfully identify, make and integrate acquisitions to expand and develop its business in accordance with expectations;

financial and indebtedness risks, such as the Companys ability to accurately forecast future performance based on operating results that often fluctuate; its significant amount of outstanding indebtedness and its ability to remain in compliance with financial and other covenants under the credit agreement governing its senior secured credit facilities;

economic and credit market uncertainties that could interrupt the Companys access to capital markets, borrowings or financial transactions; the conditional conversion feature of the Existing Convertible Notes or the Notes adversely impacting its liquidity; the conversion of the Existing Convertible Notes or the Notes diluting ownership interests of existing holders of the Companys common stock; the counterparty risk associated with the capped call transactions and the existing option transactions entered into in connection with the Existing Convertible Notes; the financial and market risks related to its international operations and sales; its complex international tax profile; and its ability to realize the full value of its intangible assets;

legal and compliance risks, such as regulatory issues resulting from product complaints, recalls or regulatory audits; the potential of becoming subject to product liability or intellectual property claims; the Companys ability to protect its intellectual property and proprietary rights; its ability to comply with customer-driven policies and third-party standards or certification requirements; its ability to obtain and/or retain necessary licenses from third parties for new technologies; its ability and the cost to comply with environmental regulations; legal and regulatory risks from its international operations; the fact that the healthcare industry is highly regulated and subject to various regulatory changes; and its business being indirectly subject to healthcare industry cost containment measures that could result in reduced sales of its products.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>gnw-20190101.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>gnw-20190101_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>gnw-20190101_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>gnw-20190101_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>logo.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>exh41_p69.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>exh41_p70.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>exh41_p71.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>exh41_p72.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>exh41_p74.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>exh41_p75.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 13, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 13, 2025

Entity File Number 1-16137

Entity Registrant Name INTEGER
HOLDINGS CORPORATION

Entity Central Index Key 0001114483

Entity Tax Identification Number 16-1531026

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 5830
Granite Parkway, Suite 1150

Entity Address, City or Town Plano

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 75024

City Area Code 214

Local Phone Number 618-5243

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, $0.001 par value per share

Trading Symbol ITGR

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://globenewswire.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

f8k_031925.htm 
gnw-20190101.xsd 
gnw-20190101_def.xml 
gnw-20190101_lab.xml 
gnw-20190101_pre.xml 

logo.jpg 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>0001171843-25-001541-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>f8k_031925_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001114483 

2025-03-13 
2025-03-13 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

0001114483 
false 
8-K 
2025-03-13 
INTEGER HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
DE 
1-16137 
16-1531026 
5830 Granite Parkway, Suite 1150 
Plano 
TX 
75024 
214 
618-5243 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share 
ITGR 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>