<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-023587.txt : 20250210
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-023587.hdr.sgml : 20250210
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250210161523
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-023587
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		23
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250210
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250210
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250210

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			STRYKER CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000310764
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				381239739
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MI
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13149
		FILM NUMBER:		25605920

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1941 STRYKER WAY
		CITY:			PORTAGE
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			49002
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2693852600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1941 STRYKER WAY
		CITY:			PORTAGE
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			49002
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d907608d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

STRYKER CORPfalse000031076400003107642025-02-102025-02-100000310764us-gaap:CommonStockMember2025-02-102025-02-100000310764syk:SeniorUnsecuredNotes2.125Due2027Member2025-02-102025-02-100000310764syk:SeniorUnsecuredNotes3.375Due2028Member2025-02-102025-02-100000310764syk:SeniorUnsecuredNotes0.750Due2029Member2025-02-102025-02-100000310764syk:SeniorUnsecuredNotes2.625Due2030Member2025-02-102025-02-100000310764syk:SeniorUnsecuredNotes1.000Due2031Member2025-02-102025-02-100000310764syk:SeniorUnsecuredNotes3.375Due2032Member2025-02-102025-02-100000310764syk:SeniorUnsecuredNotes3.625Due2036Member2025-02-102025-02-10

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 10, 2025

STRYKER CORPORATION

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Michigan 001-13149 38-1239739

(State of

incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employee

Identification No.)

1941 Stryker WayPortage, Michigan 49002

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(269)385-2600

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, $.10 Par Value SYK New York Stock Exchange

2.125% Notes due 2027 SYK27 New York Stock Exchange

3.375% Notes due 2028 SYK28 New York Stock Exchange

0.750% Notes due 2029 SYK29 New York Stock Exchange

2.625% Notes due 2030 SYK30 New York Stock Exchange

1.000% Notes due 2031 SYK31 New York Stock Exchange

3.375% Notes due 2032 SYK32 New York Stock Exchange

3.625% Notes due 2036 SYK36 New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

ITEM 1.01 

ENTRY INTO A MATERIAL DEFINITIVE AGREEMENT 

On February 10, 2025, Stryker Corporation (the Company) completed a public offering (the Offering) of $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 4.550% Notes due 2027 (the 2027 Notes), $700,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 4.700% Notes due 2028 (the 2028 Notes), $800,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 4.850% Notes due 2030 (the 2030 Notes) and $1,000,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 5.200% Notes due 2035 (the 2035 Notes and, together with the 2027 Notes, the 2028 Notes and the 2030 Notes, the Notes). 

The Notes were sold pursuant to an Underwriting Agreement, dated January 30, 2025 (the Underwriting Agreement), between the Company and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Barclays Capital Inc., BNP Paribas Securities Corp. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as representatives of the underwriters. The Offering was made pursuant to the Companys Automatic Shelf Registration Statement on Form S-3 (FileNo. 333-275853) and the Prospectus included therein, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 1, 2023, and supplemented by the Prospectus Supplement dated January 30, 2025 relating to the Notes. 

The Notes were issued under an Indenture, dated January 15, 2010 (the Base Indenture), between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as successor in interest to U.S. Bank, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee), as supplemented by the Thirty-Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 10, 2025, the Thirty-Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 10, 2025, the Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 10, 2025, and the Thirty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 10, 2025, each between the Company and the Trustee (collectively, the Supplemental Indentures and, the Base Indenture as so supplemented, the Indenture). 

The 2027 Notes will bear interest at a rate of 4.550% per year, the 2028 Notes will bear interest at a rate of 4.700% per year, the 2030 Notes will bear interest at a rate of 4.850% per year and the 2035 Notes will bear interest at a rate of 5.200% per year. Interest on the Notes is payable on each February 10 and August 10, commencing on August 10, 2025. The 2027 Notes will mature on February 10, 2027, the 2028 Notes will mature on February 10, 2028, the 2030 Notes will mature on February 10, 2030 and the 2035 Notes will mature on February 10, 2035. 

If (i) the Company does not satisfy the minimum tender and other conditions in the merger agreement for the acquisition of Inari Medical, Inc. (Inari) and does not consummate the tender offer in connection with the acquisition of Inari on or prior to the later of (x) July 7, 2025 (as such date may be extended in accordance with the merger agreement to October 6, 2025) and (y) the date that is five business days after any later date to which the Company and Inari may agree to extend the End Date in the merger agreement (the Special Mandatory Redemption End Date), or (ii) at any time prior to the Special Mandatory Redemption End Date, the Company notifies the Trustee in writing that the merger agreement has been terminated, the Company will be required to redeem the 2030 Notes and the 2035 Notes in whole and not in part for cash at a special mandatory redemption price equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the 2030 Notes and the 2035 Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the special mandatory redemption date. The 2027 Notes and the 2028 Notes are not subject to the special mandatory redemption and will remain outstanding (unless otherwise redeemed) even if the tender offer in connection with the acquisition of Inari is not consummated on or prior to the Special Mandatory Redemption End Date. 

Prior to February 10, 2027, the Company may redeem the 2027 Notes, prior to January 10, 2028, the Company may redeem the 2028 Notes, prior to January 10, 2030, the Company may redeem the 2030 Notes and, prior to November 10, 2034, the Company may redeem the 2035 Notes, at the Companys option for cash, any time in whole or from time to time in part, at a redemption price that includes accrued and unpaid interest and the applicable make-whole premium, as specified in the Indenture. However, no make-whole premium will be paid for redemption of the 2028 Notes on or after January 10, 2028, of the 2030 Notes on or after January 10, 2030 or of the 2035 Notes on or after November 10, 2034. 

The Company expects to receive net proceeds of approximately $2.973 billion, after deducting the underwriting discount and the Companys estimated expenses related to the Offering. 

The Company may issue additional debt from time to time pursuant to the Indenture. The Indenture contains covenants that limit the Companys ability to, among other things, incur certain liens securing indebtedness, engage in certain sale and leaseback transactions, and enter into certain consolidations, mergers, conveyances, transfers or leases of all or substantially all of the Companys assets. Subject to certain limitations, in the event of the occurrence of both (1) a change of control of the Company and (2) a downgrade of the Notes below investment grade rating by both Moodys Investors Services, Inc. and Standard & Poors Ratings Services within a specified time period, the Company will be required to make an offer to purchase the Notes at a price equal to 101% of the principal amount of the Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the date of repurchase. 

The foregoing description of the Underwriting Agreement, the Base Indenture and the Supplemental Indentures does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of such documents, which are filed as Exhibits 1.1, 4.1, 4.2, 4.3, 4.4 and 4.5 hereto, respectively, and incorporated herein by reference. 

The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the offering of the 2030 Notes and 2035 Notes, together with cash on hand or other immediately available funds, to consummate the tender offer in connection with the acquisition of Inari and to pay related fees and expenses. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the offering of the 2027 Notes and 2028 Notes for general corporate purposes, which may include working capital, other acquisitions and other business opportunities and repayment at maturity, redemption or retirement of indebtedness. 

ITEM 2.03 

CREATION OF A DIRECT FINANCIAL OBLIGATION OR AN OBLIGATION UNDER AN OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENT OF A REGISTRANT 

The information set forth in Item 1.01 above with respect to the Notes is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03, insofar as it relates to the creation of a direct financial obligation. 

ITEM 9.01 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS 

Exhibit

No. Description

1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated January 30, 2025, between Stryker Corporation and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Barclays Capital Inc., BNP Paribas Securities Corp. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as representatives of the underwriters. 

4.1 Indenture, dated January 15, 2010, between Stryker Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K, dated January 15, 2010 (Commission File No. 000-09165)).

4.2 Thirty-Second Supplemental Indenture (including the form of the note), dated as of February 10, 2025, between Stryker Corporation and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee. 

4.3 Thirty-Third Supplemental Indenture (including the form of the note), dated as of February 10, 2025, between Stryker Corporation and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee. 

4.4 Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture (including the form of the note), dated as of February 10, 2025, between Stryker Corporation and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee. 

4.5 Thirty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture (including the form of the note), dated as of February 10, 2025, between Stryker Corporation and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee. 

5.1 Opinion of Sullivan & Cromwell LLP regarding the validity of the Notes. 

5.2 Opinion of Warner Norcross + Judd LLP regarding the validity of the Notes. 

23.1 Consent of Sullivan & Cromwell LLP (included as part of Exhibit 5.1). 

23.2 Consent of Warner Norcross + Judd LLP (included as part of Exhibit 5.2). 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

Stryker Corporation

(Registrant)

Dated: February 10, 2025 By: 

/s/ Glenn S. Boehnlein

Name: Glenn S. Boehnlein

Title: Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d907608dex11.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-1.1
<TEXT>
EX-1.1

Exhibit 1.1 

Execution Version 

STRYKER CORPORATION 

$500,000,000 4.550% Notes due 2027 

$700,000,000 4.700% Notes due 2028 

$800,000,000 4.850% Notes due 2030 

$1,000,000,000 5.200% Notes due 2035 

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT 

January 30, 2025 

Citigroup Global Markets Inc. 

Barclays Capital Inc. 

BNP Paribas Securities Corp. 

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC 

Underwriting Agreement 

January 30, 2025 

CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC. 

BARCLAYS CAPITAL INC. 

BNP PARIBAS SECURITIES CORP. 

WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC 

As Representatives of the several
Underwriters 

CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC. 

388 Greenwich
Street 

New York, New York 10013 

BARCLAYS CAPITAL INC. 

745 Seventh Avenue 

New York, New York 10019 

BNP PARIBAS SECURITIES CORP. 

787 Seventh Avenue 

New York, New York 10019 

WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC 

550 South Tryon Street, 5th Floor 

Charlotte, North Carolina
28202 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

Introductory. Stryker Corporation, a Michigan corporation (the Company), proposes to issue and sell to the several
underwriters named in Schedule A (the Underwriters), acting severally and not jointly, the respective amounts set forth in such Schedule A of $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Companys 4.550% Notes due
2027 (the 2027 Notes), $700,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Companys 4.700% Notes due 2028 (the 2028 Notes), $800,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Companys 4.850%
Notes due 2030 (the 2030 Notes) and $1,000,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Companys 5.200% Notes due 2035 (the 2035 Notes and, together with the 2027 Notes, the 2028 Notes and the 2030
Notes, the Notes). Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Barclays Capital Inc., BNP Paribas Securities Corp. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC have agreed to act as representatives of the several Underwriters (in such capacity, the
Representatives) in connection with the offering and sale of the Notes. If the Representatives are the sole Underwriters, all references to Representatives shall be to the Underwriters. 

The Notes will be issued pursuant to an indenture, dated January 15, 2010 (the BaseIndenture), between the
Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (successor to U.S. Bank National Association), as trustee (the Trustee). Certain terms of the Notes will be established pursuant to one or more supplemental indentures to
the Base Indenture 

2 

(such supplemental indenture(s), together with the Base Indenture, the Indenture). The Notes will be issued in book-entry form in the name of Cede & Co., as nominee of
The Depository Trust Company (the Depositary), pursuant to a Letter of Representations with the Depositary, dated on or before the Closing Date (as defined in Section 2 below) (the DTC Agreement). 

The Company has prepared and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) a registration statement on
Form S-3 (File No. 333-275853), which contains a base prospectus (the Base Prospectus) to be used in connection with the public offering and sale of debt securities, including the
Notes, and other securities of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively, the Securities Act), and the offering thereof from time to time in
accordance with Rule 415 under the Securities Act. Such registration statement, including the financial statements, exhibits and schedules thereto, in the form in which it became effective under the Securities Act, including any required
information deemed to be a part thereof at the time of effectiveness pursuant to Rule 430B under the Securities Act, is called the RegistrationStatement. The term Prospectus shall mean the final
prospectus supplement relating to the Notes, together with the Base Prospectus, that is first filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act after the date and time that this Underwriting Agreement (this Agreement) is
executed (the Execution Time) by the parties hereto. The term Preliminary Prospectus shall mean any preliminary prospectus supplement relating to the Notes, together with the Base Prospectus, that is first filed
with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act. Any reference herein to the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include the documents that are or are deemed
to be incorporated by reference therein pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 under the Securities Act prior to 3:00 p.m. Eastern Time on January 30, 2025 (the Initial Sale Time). All references in this Agreement to the
Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus, or any amendments or supplements to any of the foregoing, shall include any copy thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to its Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval
System (EDGAR). 

All references in this Agreement to financial statements and schedules and other information which is
contained, included or stated (or other references of like import) in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus shall be deemed to mean and include all such financial statements and
schedules and other information which is or is deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, as the case may be, prior to the Initial Sale Time; and all references in this
Agreement to amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus shall be deemed to include the filing of any document under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively, the Exchange Act), which is or is deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, as the case may be, after the
Initial Sale Time. 

3 

The Company hereby confirms its agreements with the Underwriters as follows: 

Section 1. Representations and Warranties of the Company. 

The Company hereby represents and warrants to and agrees with each of the Underwriters as of the date hereof, as of the Initial Sale Time and
as of the Closing Date (in each case, a Representation Date), as follows: 

a) Compliance with Registration
Requirements. The Company meets the requirements for use of Form S-3 under the Securities Act. The Registration Statement has become effective under the Securities Act and no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration
Statement has been issued under the Securities Act and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or are pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened by the Commission, and any request on the part of the Commission for
additional information has been complied with. In addition, the Base Indenture has been duly qualified under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the Trust Indenture
Act). 

At the respective times the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendments thereto became effective and at each
Representation Date, the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto (i) complied and will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Trust Indenture Act, and (ii) did not and will not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. At the date of the Prospectus and at the Closing Date, neither the Prospectus nor any
amendments or supplements thereto included or will include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or will omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they
were made, not misleading. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the representations and warranties in this subsection shall not apply (A) to statements in or omissions from the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment or the Prospectus
or any amendments or supplements thereto made in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished to the Company in writing by any of the Underwriters through the Representatives expressly for use therein, it being understood and agreed
that the only such information furnished by any Underwriter through the Representatives consists of the information described as such in Section 8 hereof, or (B) to the Statement of Eligibility under the Trust Indenture Act of the Trustee.

Each of the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, at the time each was filed with the Commission, complied in all material respects
with the Securities Act, and the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus delivered to the Underwriters for use in connection with the offering of the Notes will, at the time of such delivery, be identical to any electronically transmitted copies
thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

b) Disclosure Package. The term Disclosure Package shall mean (i) the Preliminary Prospectus dated
January 30, 2025, (ii) the issuer free writing prospectuses as defined in Rule 433 of the Securities Act (each, an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus), if any, identified in Annex I hereto and (iii) any other
free writing prospectus that the parties hereto shall hereafter expressly agree in writing to treat as part of the Disclosure Package. As of the Initial Sale Time, the Disclosure Package did not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The preceding sentence does not 

4 

apply to statements in or omissions from the Disclosure Package based upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by any Underwriter through the Representatives
specifically for use therein, it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by any Underwriter through the Representatives consists of the information described as such in Section 8 hereof. 

c) Incorporated Documents. The documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the
Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus (i) at the time they were or hereafter are filed with the Commission, complied or will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and (ii) when read together with the
other information in the Disclosure Package, at the Initial Sale Time, and when read together with the other information in the Prospectus, at the date of the Prospectus and at the Closing Date, did not or will not include an untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 

d) Company is a Well-Known Seasoned Issuer. (i) At the time of filing the Registration Statement, (ii) at the time of the
most recent amendment thereto for the purposes of complying with Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act (whether such amendment was by post- effective amendment, incorporated report filed pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act
or form of prospectus), (iii) at the time the Company or any person acting on its behalf (within the meaning, for this clause only, of Rule 163(c) of the Securities Act) made any offer relating to the Notes in reliance on the exemption of
Rule 163 of the Securities Act, and (iv) as of the Execution Time, the Company was and is a well known seasoned issuer as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. The Registration Statement is an automatic shelf
registration statement, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act, that automatically became effective not more than three years prior to the Execution Time; the Company has not received from the Commission any notice pursuant to
Rule 401(g)(2) of the Securities Act objecting to use of the automatic shelf registration statement form and the Company has not otherwise ceased to be eligible to use the automatic shelf registration form. 

e) Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses. Each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, as of its issue date and at all subsequent times through the
completion of the offering of Notes under this Agreement or until any earlier date that the Company notified or notifies the Representatives as described in the next sentence, did not, does not and will not include any information that conflicted,
conflicts or will conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus. If at any time following issuance of an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus there occurred or occurs an event or
development as a result of which such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus conflicted or would conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, the Company has promptly notified or will
promptly notify the Representatives and has promptly amended or supplemented or will promptly amend or supplement, at its own expense, such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus to eliminate or correct such conflict. The foregoing two sentences do not
apply to statements in or omissions from any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus based upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by any Underwriter through the Representatives specifically for use therein, it being
understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by any Underwriter through the Representatives consists of the information described as such in Section 8 hereof. 

5 

f) Distribution of Offering Material By the Company. The Company has
not distributed and will not distribute, prior to the later of the Closing Date and the completion of the Underwriters distribution of the Notes, any offering material in connection with the offering and sale of the Notes other than the
Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus reviewed and consented to by the Representatives and included in Annex I hereto or any electronic road show or other written communications
reviewed and consented to by the Representatives (including any investor presentations reviewed and consented to by the Representatives prior to the use of such investor presentation, and made to investors by the Company on the date, or within eight
days prior to the date, of this Agreement) (collectively, Company Additional Written Communication). Each such Company Additional Written Communication, when taken together with the Disclosure Package, did not, and at the Closing
Date will not, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The preceding sentence
does not apply to statements in or omissions from the Company Additional Written Communication based upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by any Underwriter through the Representatives specifically for use
therein, it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by any Underwriter through the Representatives consists of the information described as such in Section 8 hereof. 

g) No Applicable Registration or Other Similar Rights. There are no persons with registration or other similar rights to have any
equity or debt securities registered for sale under the Registration Statement or included in the offering contemplated by this Agreement. 

h) The Underwriting Agreement. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company. 

i) Authorization of the Indenture. The Indenture has been duly authorized by the Company and, when duly executed and delivered by the
Company and the Trustee, will constitute a valid and binding agreement of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance or
transfer, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws relating to or affecting the rights and remedies of creditors or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding at law or in
equity). 

j) Authorization of the Notes. The Notes to be purchased by the Underwriters from the Company will be, at the Closing
Date, in the form contemplated by the Indenture, have been duly authorized for issuance and sale pursuant to this Agreement and the Indenture and, at the Closing Date, will have been duly executed by the Company and, when authenticated in the manner
provided for in the Indenture and issued and delivered against payment of the purchase price therefor, will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms, except as the
enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance or transfer, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws relating to or affecting the rights and remedies of creditors or by general equitable principles
(regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding at law or in equity), and will be entitled to the benefits of the Indenture. 

6 

k) Accuracy of Statements in Prospectus. The statements in each of the Preliminary
Prospectus and the Prospectus under the captions Description of the Notes, and Description of Debt Securities, in each case insofar as such statements purport to constitute a summary of the terms of the Notes and Indenture,
fairly present and summarize, in all material respects, the matters referred to therein. 

l) No Material Adverse Change. Except as
otherwise disclosed in the Disclosure Package, subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given in the Disclosure Package, (i) neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has sustained any material loss or interference
with its business from fire, explosion, flood or other calamity, whether or not covered by insurance, or from any labor dispute or court or governmental action, order or decree and (ii) there has been no material adverse change, or any
development that would reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse change, in the condition, financial or otherwise, or in the earnings, management, business, properties or results of operations, whether or not arising from transactions
in the ordinary course of business, of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole (any such change is called a Material Adverse Change). 

m) Independent Accountants. Ernst & Young LLP, who have certified certain financial statements of the Company and its
subsidiaries are, to the knowledge of the Company, independent public accountants with respect to the Company as required by the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and are an independent registered public accounting firm with the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board. 

n) Preparation of the Financial Statements. The financial statements together with the related notes
thereto incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company and its subsidiaries as of and at the dates
indicated and the results of their operations and cash flows for the periods specified. Such financial statements comply as to form, in all material respects, with the accounting requirements of the Securities Act, and have been prepared in
conformity with generally accepted accounting principles as applied in the United States applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods involved, except as may be expressly stated in the related notes thereto. No other financial statements are
required to be included in the Registration Statement. The selected financial data and the summary financial information included in the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus present fairly, in all material respects, the information shown
therein and have been compiled on a basis consistent with that of the audited financial statements incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus. The interactive data in eXtensible Business
Reporting Language incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus fairly presents the information called for in all material respects and has been prepared in accordance with the Commissions
rules and guidelines applicable thereto. 

7 

o) Incorporation and Good Standing of the Company. The Company has been duly
incorporated and is validly existing as a corporation in good standing under the laws of the State of Michigan and has the corporate power and authority to own or lease, as the case may be, and operate its properties and to conduct its business as
described in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. The Company is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to transact business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is required, whether by reason of the
ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of business, except for such jurisdictions where the failure to so qualify or to be in good standing would not, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Change. 

p) Incorporation and Good Standing of the Significant Subsidiaries. (i) Howmedica Osteonics Corp., a New Jersey corporation
(HowmedicaOsteonics), has been duly incorporated and is validly existing as a corporation in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of New Jersey, and (ii) each other significant
subsidiary (as such term is defined in Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X) of the Company (together with Howmedica Osteonics, each, a Significant Subsidiary and together, the
Significant Subsidiaries) has been duly incorporated or formed and is validly existing as a corporation or other business entity in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its formation or incorporation to the extent
such concept is applicable in such jurisdiction. Each Significant Subsidiary has the power and authority to own or lease, as the case may be, and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in the Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus. Each Significant Subsidiary is duly qualified as a foreign corporation or other business entity to transact business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is required, whether by reason of the ownership
or leasing of property or the conduct of business, except for such jurisdictions where the failure to so qualify or to be in good standing would not, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Change. All of the issued and
outstanding shares of capital stock or other equity interests of each Significant Subsidiary have been duly authorized and validly issued, are fully paid and non-assessable and are owned by the Company,
directly or through subsidiaries, free and clear of any security interest, mortgage, pledge, lien, encumbrance or claim. Collectively, the Company and Significant Subsidiaries own, directly or indirectly, all of the Principal Properties (as such
term is defined in the Indenture). 

q) Capitalization and Other Capital Stock Matters. The authorized, issued and outstanding
capital stock of the Company is as set forth in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (other than for subsequent issuances, if any, pursuant to employee benefit plans described in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus or upon exercise of
outstanding options or warrants described in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, as the case may be). 

r) Non-Contravention of Existing Instruments; No Further Authorizations or Approvals Required. Neither the Company nor any of its Significant Subsidiaries is (i) in violation or in default (or, with the giving
of notice or lapse of time or both, would be in default) (Default) under its articles of incorporation, charter or by-laws, (ii) in Default under any indenture, mortgage, loan or credit
agreement, deed of trust, note, contract, franchise, lease or other agreement, obligation, condition, covenant or instrument to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which it or any of them may be bound or to which any of the
property or assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is subject (each, an ExistingInstrument) or (iii) in violation of any statute, law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any court, regulatory
body, administrative agency, governmental body, arbitrator or other 

8 

authority having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any of its or their properties, as applicable, except, with respect to clauses (ii) and (iii) only, for such
Defaults or violations as would not, individually or in the aggregate result in a Material Adverse Change. The Companys execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby
(i) have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action and will not result in any Default under the articles of incorporation, charter or by-laws of the Company or any subsidiary, (ii) will
not conflict with or constitute a breach of, or Default or a Debt Repayment Triggering Event (as defined below) under, or result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the Company or any of
its subsidiaries pursuant to, or require the consent of any other party to, any Existing Instrument, and (iii) will not result in any violation of any statute, law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree applicable to the Company or any of
its subsidiaries of any court, regulatory body, administrative agency, governmental body, arbitrator or other authority having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its properties or any of its subsidiaries or any of their properties, except with
respect to clauses (ii) and (iii) above, such conflicts, breaches, Defaults, Debt Repayment Triggering Events, liens, charges, encumbrances, consents or violations that would not individually or in the aggregate result in a Material
Adverse Change or materially adversely affect the Notes or the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. No consent, approval, authorization or other order of, or registration or filing with, any court or other governmental or
regulatory authority or agency having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any of their properties is required for the Companys execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement or consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby, except such as have been obtained or made by the Company and are in full force and effect under the Securities Act and such as may be required by applicable state securities or blue sky laws and from the Financial Industry
Regulatory Authority (the FINRA) and except as would not result in a Material Adverse Change or materially adversely affect the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. As used herein, a 
Debt Repayment Triggering Event means any event or condition which gives, or with the giving of notice or lapse of time or both would give, the holder of any note, debenture or other evidence of indebtedness (or any person acting
on such holders behalf) issued by the Company, the right to require the repurchase, redemption or repayment of all or a portion of such indebtedness by the Company or any of its subsidiaries. 

s) No Material Actions or Proceedings. Except as disclosed in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there are no legal or
governmental actions, suits or proceedings pending or, to the best of the Companys knowledge, threatened (i) against the Company or any of its subsidiaries, (ii) which has as the subject thereof any officer or director of, or
property owned or leased by, the Company or any of its subsidiaries or (iii) relating to the manufacture or sale of the products of the Company or its subsidiaries or to environmental or discrimination matters related to the Company or its
subsidiaries, where any such action, suit or proceeding, if determined adversely, would, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Change or materially adversely affect the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement. 

9 

t) Intellectual Property Rights. Except as set forth in the Disclosure Package and
the Prospectus and as would not result in a Material Adverse Change, the Company or its subsidiaries own, license, possess or have other rights to use, on reasonable terms, all patents, patent applications, trade and service marks, trade and service
mark registrations, trade names, copyrights, patentable inventions, trade secrets, technology, know-how and other intellectual property (collectively, the Intellectual Property) necessary
for the conduct of the Companys or its subsidiaries business as now conducted or as described in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus to be conducted. Except as set forth in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus or as would not
result in a Material Adverse Change (i) no party has been granted an exclusive license to use any portion of such Intellectual Property owned by the Company; (ii) to the Companys knowledge, there is no material infringement by third
parties of any of the Companys Intellectual Property owned or exclusively licensed by the Company; (iii) there is no pending or threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others challenging the Companys rights in or to any
Intellectual Property; (iv) there is no pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others challenging the validity or scope of any such Intellectual Property; and (v) there is no pending
or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others that the Companys business as now conducted infringes or otherwise violates any patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret or other proprietary rights
of others. 

u) All Necessary Permits, etc. The Company and each Significant Subsidiary possess such valid and current certificates,
authorizations, permits, licenses, approvals, consents and other authorizations issued by the appropriate state, federal or foreign regulatory agencies or bodies necessary to conduct their respective businesses, except where the failure to possess
such licenses, certificates, authorizations, permits, approvals, consents or other authorizations would not result in a Material Adverse Change, and neither the Company nor any Significant Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating
to the revocation or modification of, or non-compliance with, any such certificate, authorization, permit, license, approval, consent or other authorization which, singly or in the aggregate, if the subject of
an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding, would result in a Material Adverse Change. 

v) Tax Law Compliance. Except as otherwise
disclosed in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company has filed, in a timely manner, all federal, state, local and foreign tax returns that are required to be filed or has requested and received extensions thereof and has paid all
taxes required to be paid by it and, if due and payable, any related or similar assessment, fine or penalty levied against it, except for any taxes, assessments, fines or penalties as may be being contested in good faith and by appropriate
proceedings, and except in each case where a default to make such filings or payments would not result in a Material Adverse Change. 

w)
Company Not an Investment Company. The Company is not, and after receipt of payment for the Notes and the application of the proceeds thereof as contemplated under the caption Use of Proceeds in the Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus will not be, required to register as an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

x) No Price Stabilization or Manipulation. The Company has not taken and will not take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to
or that would be reasonably expected to cause or result in stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Notes. 

10 

y) No Unlawful Contributions or Other Payments. Except as otherwise disclosed in the
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, none of the Company, any of its subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Company, any director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is aware of or has taken any
action, directly or indirectly, that would result, individually or in the aggregate, in a material violation by such persons of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (the
FCPA), or any applicable law or regulation implementing the OECD Convention on Combating Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in International Business Transactions, or committed an offence under the Bribery Act 2010, as amended,
of the United Kingdom, or any other applicable anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws, including, without limitation, making use of the mails or any means or instrumentality of interstate commerce corruptly in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise
to pay or authorization of the payment of any money, or other property, gift, promise to give, or authorization of the giving of anything of value to any foreign official (as such term is defined in the FCPA) or any foreign political
party or official thereof or any candidate for foreign political office, in contravention of such anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws, and the Company, its subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of the Company, its affiliates have conducted their
businesses in compliance in all material respects with such anti-bribery or anti- corruption laws and have instituted and maintain policies and procedures designed to ensure, and which are reasonably expected to continue to ensure, continued
compliance therewith. 

z) No Conflict with Money Laundering Laws. The operations of the Company and its subsidiaries are and have
been conducted at all times in compliance in all material respects with applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, the money laundering statutes of all
applicable jurisdictions, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines issued, administered or enforced by any governmental agency (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws) and
no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any of its subsidiaries with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the
Company, threatened. 

aa) No Conflict with OFAC Laws. None of the Company, any of its subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the
Company, any director, officer, agent, employee, affiliate or representative of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is an individual or entity (Person) currently the subject or target of any sanctions administered or enforced
by the United States Government (including, without limitation, the U.S. Department of the Treasurys Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) or the U.S. Department of State and including, without limitation, the designation
as a specially designated national or blocked person), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, the United Kingdom, or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions), nor is
the Company located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject or target of comprehensive Sanctions, including, without limitation, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria and the Donetsk, Luhansk and Crimea Regions of Ukraine
(each, a Sanctioned Country); and the Company will not directly or indirectly use the proceeds of the sale of the Notes, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiaries, joint venture partners or
other Person (i) to fund any activities of or business with any Person that, at the time of such funding, is the subject of Sanctions, (ii) to fund any activities of or business in any Sanctioned Country or (iii) in any other manner
that will result in a violation by any Person (including any Person participating in the transaction, whether as underwriter, advisor, investor or otherwise) of Sanctions. 

11 

bb) Compliance with Environmental Laws. Except as otherwise disclosed in the
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company and its subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with any and all applicable foreign, federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of human health and safety, the
environment or hazardous or toxic substances or wastes, pollutants or contaminants (Environmental Laws), (ii) have received and are in compliance with all permits, licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable
Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses and (iii) have not received notice of any actual or potential liability under any environmental law, except where such non-compliance with
Environmental Laws, failure to receive required permits, licenses or other approvals, or liability would not, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Change. 

cc) Cybersecurity. (i)(x) Except as disclosed in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, to the Companys knowledge, there has
been no security breach or other compromise of or relating to any of the Companys or its subsidiaries information technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including the data of their respective customers,
employees, suppliers, vendors and any third party data maintained by or on behalf of them), equipment or technology (collectively, IT Systems and Data) and (y) the Company and its subsidiaries have not been notified of, and
have no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in, any security breach or other compromise to their IT Systems and Data; (ii) the Company and its subsidiaries are presently in compliance with all
applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations, in each case, relating to the privacy and security of IT
Systems and Data, except as would not, in the case of clauses (i) and (ii), individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Change; and (iii) the Company and its subsidiaries have implemented backup and disaster recovery
technology consistent with industry standards and practices, with such standards and practices as determined by the Company in good faith. 

dd) Brokers. Except for the Underwriters, there is no broker, finder or other party that is entitled to receive from the Company any
brokerage or finders fee or other fee or commission as a result of any transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

ee)
Sarbanes-Oxley Compliance. There is and has been no failure on the part of the Company and any of the Companys directors or officers, in their capacities as such, to comply with any provision of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the
rules and regulations promulgated in connection therewith (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act), including Section 402 related to loans and Sections 302 and 906 related to certifications. 

ff) Companys Accounting System. The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as such term
is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act); such disclosure controls and procedures are effective in all material respects. 

12 

gg) Internal Controls and Procedures. The Company and its consolidated subsidiaries
maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that (A) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations; (B) transactions are recorded as
necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles and to maintain asset accountability; (C) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or
specific authorization; and (D) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. 

hh) No Material Weakness in Internal Controls. Except as disclosed in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, since the end of the
Companys most recent audited fiscal year, there has been (i) no material weakness in the Companys internal control over financial reporting (whether or not remediated) and (ii) no change in the Companys internal control
over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Companys internal control over financial reporting. 

Any certificate signed by an officer of the Company and delivered to the Representatives or to counsel for the Underwriters in connection with
the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by the Company to each Underwriter as to the matters set forth therein. 

Section 2. Purchase, Sale and Delivery of the Notes. 

a) The Notes. The Company agrees to issue and sell to the several Underwriters, severally and not jointly, all of the Notes upon the
terms herein set forth. On the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements herein contained, and upon the terms but subject to the conditions herein set forth, the Underwriters agree, severally and not jointly, to purchase from the
Company the aggregate principal amount of Notes set forth opposite their names on Schedule A, plus any additional principal amount of Notes that such Underwriter may become obligated to purchase pursuant to the provisions of Section 10
hereof, at a purchase price of 99.567% of the principal amount of the 2027 Notes, a purchase price of 99.534% of the principal amount of the 2028 Notes, a purchase price of 99.224% of the principal amount of the 2030 Notes and a purchase price of
99.072% of the principal amount of the 2035 Notes, each payable on the Closing Date. The Company will not be obligated to deliver any of the Notes except upon payment for all the Notes to be purchased as provided herein. 

b) The Closing Date. Delivery of certificates for the Notes in global form to be purchased by the Underwriters and payment therefor
shall be made at such place and in such manner as may be agreed to by the Company and the Representatives at 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on February 10, 2025 (unless postponed in accordance with the provisions of Section 10 hereof), or
such other time and date as the Underwriters and the Company shall mutually agree (the time and date of such closing is called the Closing Date). 

c) Public Offering of the Notes. The Representatives hereby advise the Company that the Underwriters intend to offer for sale to the
public, as described in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, their respective portions of the Notes as soon after the Execution Time as the Representatives, in their sole judgment, have determined is advisable and practicable. 

13 

d) Payment for the Notes. Payment for the Notes shall be made at the Closing Date by
wire transfer of immediately available funds to the order of the Company. 

It is understood that the Representatives have been authorized,
for their own accounts and for the accounts of the several Underwriters, to accept delivery of and receipt for, and make payment of the purchase price for, the Notes that the Underwriters have agreed to purchase. The Representatives may (but shall
not be obligated to) make payment for any Notes to be purchased by any Underwriter whose funds shall not have been received by the Representatives by the Closing Date for the account of such Underwriter, but any such payment shall not relieve such
Underwriter from any of its obligations under this Agreement. 

e) Delivery of the Notes. The Company shall deliver, or cause to be
delivered, to the Representatives for the accounts of the several Underwriters certificates for the Notes at the Closing Date, against the irrevocable release of a wire transfer of immediately available funds for the amount of the purchase price
therefor. The certificates for the Notes shall be in such denominations and registered in such names and denominations as the Representatives shall have requested at least two full business days prior to the Closing Date and shall be made available
for inspection on the business day preceding the Closing Date at a location in New York City, as the Representatives may designate. Time shall be of the essence, and delivery at the time and place specified in this Agreement is a further condition
to the obligations of the Underwriters. 

Section 3. Covenants of the Company. 

The Company covenants and agrees with each Underwriter as follows: 

a) Compliance with Securities Regulations and Commission Requests. The Company, subject to Section 3(b), will comply with the
requirements of Rule 430B of the Securities Act, and during the Prospectus Delivery Period (as defined below) will promptly notify the Representatives, and confirm the notice in writing, of (i) the effectiveness of any post-effective
amendment to the Registration Statement or the filing of any supplement or amendment to the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, (ii) the receipt of any comments from the Commission, (iii) any request by the Commission for any
amendment to the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement to the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or for additional information, and (iv) the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the
Registration Statement or of any order preventing or suspending the use of the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, or of the suspension of the qualification of the Notes for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or of the initiation or
threatening of any proceedings for any of such purposes. The Company will promptly effect the filings necessary pursuant to Rule 424 under the Securities Act and will take such steps as it deems necessary to ascertain promptly whether the
Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus transmitted for filing under Rule 424 under the Securities Act was received for filing by the Commission and, in the event that it was not, it will promptly file such document. The Company will use its
reasonable efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order and, if any stop order is issued, to obtain the lifting thereof at the earliest possible moment. 

14 

b) Filing of Amendments. During such period beginning on the date of this Agreement
and ending on the later of the Closing Date or such date as, in the opinion of counsel for the Underwriters, the Prospectus is no longer required by law to be delivered in connection with sales of the Notes by an Underwriter or dealer, including in
circumstances where such requirement may be satisfied pursuant to Rule 172 of the Securities Act (the Prospectus Delivery Period), the Company will give the Representatives notice of its intention to file or prepare any
amendment to the Registration Statement (including any filing under Rule 462(b) of the Securities Act), or any amendment, supplement or revision to the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, whether pursuant to the Securities Act, the Exchange
Act or otherwise (other than filings made by the Company pursuant to its reporting obligations under the Exchange Act that do not relate to the offering of the Notes), will furnish the Representatives with copies of any such documents a reasonable
amount of time prior to such proposed filing or use, as the case may be, and will not file or use any such document to which the Representatives or counsel for the Underwriters shall reasonably object. 

c) Delivery of Registration Statements. The Company has furnished or will deliver, upon request, to the Representatives and counsel for
the Underwriters, without charge, signed copies of the Registration Statement as originally filed and of each amendment thereto (including exhibits filed therewith or incorporated by reference therein and documents incorporated or deemed to be
incorporated by reference therein) and signed copies of all consents and certificates of experts, and will also deliver to the Representatives, without charge, a conformed copy of the Registration Statement as originally filed and of each amendment
thereto (without exhibits) for each of the Underwriters. The Registration Statement and each amendment thereto furnished to the Underwriters will be identical to any electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to
EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

d) Delivery of Prospectuses.
The Company will deliver to each Underwriter, without charge, as many copies of the Preliminary Prospectus as such Underwriter may reasonably request, and the Company hereby consents to the use of such copies for purposes permitted by the Securities
Act. The Company will furnish to each Underwriter, without charge, during the Prospectus Delivery Period, such number of copies of the Prospectus as such Underwriter may reasonably request. The Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus and any
amendments or supplements thereto furnished to the Underwriters will be identical to any electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by
Regulation S-T.

e) Continued Compliance with Securities Laws. The Company will comply
with the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, so as to permit, and until the completion of, the distribution of the Notes as contemplated in this Agreement and in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus. If at any time during the Prospectus Delivery Period, any event shall occur or condition shall exist as a result of which it is necessary, in the opinion of counsel for the Underwriters or for the Company, to amend the
Registration Statement in order that the Registration Statement will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading or to
amend or supplement the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus in order that the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, as 

15 

the case may be, will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
existing at the Initial Sale Time or at the time it is delivered or conveyed to a purchaser, not misleading, or if it shall be necessary, in the opinion of either such counsel, at any such time to amend the Registration Statement or amend or
supplement the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus in order to comply with the requirements of any law, the Company will (1) notify the Representatives of any such event, development or condition and (2) promptly prepare and file with the
Commission, subject to Section 3(b) hereof, such amendment or supplement as may be necessary to correct such statement or omission or to make the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus comply with such law, and the
Company will furnish to the Underwriters, without charge, such number of copies of such amendment or supplement as the Underwriters may reasonably request. 

f) Blue Sky Compliance. The Company shall cooperate with the Representatives and counsel for the Underwriters, as the Underwriters may
reasonably request from time to time, to qualify or register the Notes for sale under (or obtain exemptions from the application of) the state securities or blue sky laws of those jurisdictions designated by the Representatives, shall comply with
such laws and shall continue such qualifications, registrations and exemptions in effect so long as required for the distribution of the Notes. The Company shall not be required to qualify as a foreign corporation or to take any action that would
subject it to general service of process in any such jurisdiction where it is not presently qualified or where it would be subject to taxation as a foreign business. The Company will advise the Representatives promptly after the Company becomes
aware of the suspension of the qualification or registration of (or any such exemption relating to) the Notes for offering, sale or trading in any jurisdiction or any initiation or threat of any proceeding for any such purpose, and in the event of
the issuance of any order suspending such qualification, registration or exemption, the Company shall use its best efforts to obtain the withdrawal thereof at the earliest possible moment. 

g) Use of Proceeds. The Company shall apply the net proceeds from the sale of the Notes sold by it in the manner described under the
caption Use of Proceeds in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. 

h) Depositary. The Company will cooperate with
the Underwriters and use its best efforts to permit the Notes to be eligible for clearance and settlement through the facilities of the Depositary. 

i) Agreement Not to Offer or Sell Additional Securities. During the period commencing on the date hereof and ending on the Closing
Date, the Company will not, without the prior written consent of the Representatives (which consent may be withheld at the sole discretion of the Representatives), directly or indirectly, sell, offer, contract or grant any option to sell, pledge,
transfer or establish an open put equivalent position within the meaning of Rule 16a-1(h) under the Exchange Act, or otherwise dispose of or transfer, or announce the offering of, or file any
registration statement under the Securities Act in respect of, any debt securities of the Company similar to the Notes or securities exchangeable for or convertible into debt securities similar to the Notes (other than as contemplated by this
Agreement with respect to the Notes). 

16 

j) Final Term Sheet. The Company will prepare a final term sheet containing only a
description of the Notes, in the form approved by the Representatives and substantially as attached as Exhibit A hereto, and will file such term sheet pursuant to Rule 433(d) under the Securities Act within the time required by such rule (such
term sheet, the Final Term Sheet). Any such Final Term Sheet is an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus for purposes of this Agreement. 

k) Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses. The Company represents that it has not made, and agrees that, unless it obtains the prior
written consent of the Representatives, and each Underwriter represents and agrees that, unless it obtains the prior consent of the Company and the Representatives, it will not make, any offer relating to the Notes that would constitute an Issuer
Free Writing Prospectus or that would otherwise constitute a free writing prospectus (as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act) required to be filed by the Company with the Commission or retained by the Company under
Rule 433 of the Securities Act; provided that the prior written consent of the Company and the Representatives shall be deemed to have been given in respect of any Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses included in Annex I to this Agreement. Any
such free writing prospectus consented to or deemed to be consented to by the Company and the Representatives is hereinafter referred to as a Permitted Free Writing Prospectus. The Company agrees that (i) it has treated and
will treat, as the case may be, each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus as an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, and (ii) has complied and will comply, as the case may be, with the requirements of Rules 164 and 433 of the Securities Act applicable
to any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, including in respect of timely filing with the Commission where required, legending and record keeping. The Company consents to the use by any Underwriter of a free writing prospectus that (a) is not an
issuer free writing prospectus as defined in Rule 433 under the Securities Act, and (b) contains only (i) information describing the preliminary terms of the Notes or their offering, (ii) information permitted by
Rule 134 under the Securities Act or (iii) information that describes the final terms of the Notes or their offering and that is included in the Final Term Sheet of the Company contemplated in Section 3(j). 

l) Notice of Inability to Use Automatic Shelf Registration Statement Form. If at any time during the Prospectus Delivery Period, the
Company receives from the Commission a notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) under the Securities Act or otherwise ceases to be eligible to use the automatic shelf registration statement form, the Company will (i) promptly notify the
Representatives, (ii) promptly file a new registration statement or post-effective amendment on the proper form relating to the Notes, in a form satisfactory to the Representatives, (iii) use its best efforts to cause such registration
statement or post-effective amendment to be declared effective (if not automatically effective pursuant to the Securities Act upon filing) and (iv) promptly notify the Representatives of such effectiveness. The Company will take all other
action reasonably necessary or appropriate to permit the public offering and sale of the Notes to continue as contemplated in the registration statement that was the subject of the Rule 401(g)(2) under the Securities Act notice or for which the
Company has otherwise become ineligible. References herein to the Registration Statement shall include such new registration statement or post-effective amendment, as the case may be. 

m) Filing Fees. The Company agrees to pay the required Commission filing fees relating to the Notes within the time required by and in
accordance with Rule 456(b)(1) (without giving effect to the proviso therein) and 457(r) of the Securities Act. 

17 

n) No Manipulation of Price. The Company will not take, directly or indirectly, any
action designed to cause or result in, or that has constituted or might reasonably be expected to constitute, under the Exchange Act or otherwise, the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any securities of the Company to facilitate the sale
or resale of the Notes. 

The Representatives, on behalf of the several Underwriters, may, in their sole discretion, waive in writing the
performance by the Company of any one or more of the foregoing covenants or extend the time for their performance. 

Section 4.
Payment of Expenses.The Company agrees to pay all costs, fees and expenses incurred in connection with the performance of its obligations hereunder and in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, including (i) all
expenses incident to the issuance and delivery of the Notes to the Underwriters (including all printing and engraving costs), (ii) all necessary issue, transfer and other stamp taxes in connection with the issuance and sale of the Notes to the
Underwriters, (iii) all fees and expenses of the Companys counsel, independent public or certified public accountants and other advisors to the Company, (iv) all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the preparation,
printing, filing, shipping and distribution of the Registration Statement (including financial statements, exhibits, schedules, consents and certificates of experts), each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus and the
Prospectus, and all amendments and supplements thereto, and this Agreement, the Indenture, the DTC Agreement and the Notes, (v) all filing fees, reasonable attorneys fees and expenses incurred by the Company or the Underwriters in
connection with qualifying or registering (or obtaining exemptions from the qualification or registration of) all or any part of the Notes for offer and sale under the state securities or blue sky laws, and, if requested by the Representatives,
preparing a Blue Sky Survey or memorandum, and any supplements thereto, advising the Underwriters of such qualifications, registrations and exemptions; provided that any attorneys fees and expenses incurred by counsel for the
Underwriters solely in connection with any such qualification or registration of the Note pursuant to this clause will not exceed $15,000, (vi) the filing fees incident to, and the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel to the
Underwriters in connection with, the review, if any, by the FINRA of the terms of the sale of the Notes, with any such fees and disbursements not exceeding $15,000, (vii) the fees and expenses of the Trustee, including the reasonable fees and
disbursements of counsel for the Trustee in connection with the Indenture and the Notes, (viii) any fees payable in connection with the rating of the Notes with the ratings agencies, (ix) all fees and expenses (including reasonable fees
and expenses of counsel) of the Company in connection with approval of the Notes by the Depositary for book-entry transfer, (x) all other fees, costs and expenses referred to in Item 14 of Part II of the Registration
Statement, and (xi) all other fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with the performance of its obligations hereunder for which provision is not otherwise made in this Section. Except as provided in this Section 4 and Sections 6,
8 and 9 hereof, the Underwriters shall pay their own costs and expenses, including the fees and disbursements of their counsel. 

Section 5. Conditions of the Obligations of the Underwriters. The obligations of the several Underwriters to purchase and pay for
the Notes as provided herein on the Closing Date shall be subject to the accuracy of the representations and warranties on the part of the Company set forth in Section 1 hereof as of each Representation Date as though then made and to the
timely performance by the Company of its covenants and other obligations hereunder, and to each of the following additional conditions: 

18 

a) Effectiveness of Registration Statement. The Registration Statement shall have
become effective under the Securities Act and no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall have been issued under the Securities Act and no proceedings for that purpose shall have been instituted or be pending or
threatened by the Commission, any request on the part of the Commission for additional information shall have been complied with to the reasonable satisfaction of counsel to the Underwriters and the Company shall not have received from the
Commission any notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) of the Securities Act objecting to use of the automatic shelf registration statement form. The Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus shall have been filed with the Commission in accordance
with Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act (or any required post-effective amendment providing such information shall have been filed and, if not automatically effective pursuant to the Securities Act upon filing, declared effective in
accordance with the requirements of Rule 430B under the Securities Act). 

b) Accountants Comfort Letter.
On the date hereof, the Representatives shall have received from Ernst & Young LLP, independent registered public accountants for the Company, a letter dated the date hereof addressed to the Underwriters, in form and substance
satisfactory to the Representatives with respect to the audited and unaudited financial statements and certain financial information contained in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus. 

c) Bring-down Comfort Letter. On the Closing Date, the Representatives shall have received from Ernst & Young LLP,
independent public or certified public accountants for the Company, a letter dated such date, in form and substance satisfactory to the Representatives, to the effect that they reaffirm the statements made in the letter furnished by them pursuant to
subsection (b) of this Section 5, except that the specified date referred to therein for the carrying out of procedures shall be no more than three business days prior to the Closing Date. 

d) No Material Adverse Change or Ratings Agency Change. For the period from and after the date of this Agreement and prior to the
Closing Date: 

(i) there shall not have occurred any Material Adverse Change that makes it, in the sole judgment of the
Representatives, impractical or inadvisable to proceed with the offering or delivery of the Notes as contemplated by the Prospectus; and 

(ii) there shall not have occurred any downgrading, nor shall any notice have been given of any intended or potential
downgrading or of any review for a possible change that does not indicate the direction of the possible change, in the rating accorded to the Notes or any other debt securities of the Company or any of its subsidiaries by any nationally
recognized statistical rating organization as such term is defined for purposes of Section 3(a)(62) of the Exchange Act. 

19 

e) Opinion of Counsel for the Company. On the Closing Date, the Representatives shall
have received the opinion and disclosure letter of Sullivan & Cromwell LLP and the opinion of Warner Norcross & Judd LLP, each outside counsel for the Company, and the opinion of Robert F. Pomper, Senior Corporate
Operations Counsel for the Company, each dated as of the Closing Date, in form and substance satisfactory to the Representatives. 

f)
Opinion of Counsel for the Underwriters. On the Closing Date, the Representatives shall have received the favorable opinion of Sidley Austin LLP, counsel for the Underwriters, dated as of the Closing Date, with respect to
such matters as may be reasonably requested by the Underwriters. 

g) Officers Certificate. On the Closing Date,
the Representatives shall have received a written certificate executed by the Chairman of the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer or a Vice President of the Company and the Chief Financial Officer, or Treasurer of the Company, dated as
of the Closing Date, to the effect that: 

(i) the Company has received no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the
Registration Statement, and no proceedings for such purpose have been instituted or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened by the Commission; 

(ii) the Company has not received from the Commission any notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) of the Securities Act
objecting to use of the automatic shelf registration statement form; 

(iii) the representations and warranties of the
Company set forth in Section 1 of this Agreement are true and correct with the same force and effect as though expressly made on and as of the Closing Date; and 

(iv) the Company has complied with all the agreements hereunder and satisfied all the conditions on its part to be performed or
satisfied hereunder at or prior to the Closing Date. 

h) Additional Documents. On or before the Closing Date, the Representatives
and counsel for the Underwriters shall have received such information, documents and opinions as they may reasonably require for the purposes of enabling them to pass upon the issuance and sale of the Notes as contemplated herein, or in order to
evidence the accuracy of any of the representations and warranties, or the satisfaction of any of the conditions or agreements, herein contained. 

If any condition specified in this Section 5 is not satisfied when and as required to be satisfied, this Agreement may be terminated by
the Representatives by notice to the Company at any time on or prior to the Closing Date, which termination shall be without liability on the part of any party to any other party, except that Sections 4, 6, 8, 9 and 19 shall at all times be
effective and shall survive such termination. 

Section 6. Reimbursement of Underwriters Expenses. If this
Agreement is terminated by the Representatives pursuant to Section 5 or 11, or if the sale to the Underwriters of the Notes on the Closing Date is not consummated because of any refusal, inability or failure on the part of the Company to
perform any agreement herein or to comply with any provision 

20 

hereof, the Company agrees to reimburse the Representatives and the other Underwriters (or such Underwriters as have terminated this Agreement with respect to themselves), severally, upon demand
for all out-of-pocket expenses that shall have been reasonably incurred by the Representatives and the Underwriters in connection with the proposed purchase and the
offering and sale of the Notes, including but not limited to fees and disbursements of counsel, printing expenses, travel expenses, postage, facsimile and telephone charges. 

Section 7. Effectiveness of this Agreement. This Agreement shall not become effective until the execution and delivery of this
Agreement by the parties hereto. 

Section 8. Indemnification. 

a) Indemnification of the Underwriters. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter, its directors, officers,
employees, affiliates and agents, and each person, if any, who controls any Underwriter within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act against any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense, as incurred, to which such Underwriter or
such director, officer, employee, agent or controlling person may become subject, under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or other federal or state statutory law or regulation, or at common law or otherwise (including in settlement of any
litigation, if such settlement is effected with the written consent of the Company), insofar as such loss, claim, damage, liability or expense (or actions in respect thereof as contemplated below) arises out of or is based (i) upon any untrue
statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement, or any amendment thereto, or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the
statements therein not misleading; or (ii) upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Company Additional Written Communication, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus or the
Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto) or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading; and to reimburse each Underwriter and each such director, officer, employee, agent and controlling person for any and all expenses (including the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel chosen by the Representatives) as
such expenses are incurred by such Underwriter or such director, officer, employee, agent or controlling person in connection with investigating, defending, settling, compromising or paying any such loss, claim, damage, liability, expense or action;
provided, however, that the foregoing indemnity agreement shall not apply to any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense to the extent, but only to the extent, arising out of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue
statement or omission or alleged omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by any Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use in the Registration Statement, any Company
Additional Written Communication, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by the Underwriter
consists of the information described in Section 8(b) hereof. The indemnity agreement set forth in this Section 8(a) shall be in addition to any liabilities that the Company may otherwise have. 

21 

b) Indemnification of the Company, its Directors and Officers. Each Underwriter,
severally and not jointly, agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, each of its directors, each of its officers who signed the Registration Statement and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of the Securities
Act or the Exchange Act, against any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense, as incurred, to which the Company or any such director, officer or controlling person may become subject, under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, or other federal or
state statutory law or regulation, or at common law or otherwise (including in settlement of any litigation, if such settlement is effected with the written consent of such Underwriter), insofar as such loss, claim, damage, liability or expense (or
actions in respect thereof as contemplated below) arises out of or is based (i) upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement, or any amendment thereto, or the omission or
alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; or (ii) upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Company
Additional Written Communication, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto) or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, in each case to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission
or alleged omission was made in the Registration Statement, any Company Additional Written Communication, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), in reliance upon and
in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by any Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use therein; and to reimburse the Company, or any such director, officer or controlling person for any legal and other
expense reasonably incurred as such expenses are incurred by the Company, or any such director, officer or controlling person in connection with investigating, defending, settling, compromising or paying any such loss, claim, damage, liability,
expense or action. The Company hereby acknowledges that the only information furnished to the Company by any Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use in the Registration Statement, any Company Additional Written Communication, any
Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto) are the statements set forth in: (i) the third paragraph in the text under the caption Underwriting in the
Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus concerning the terms of the offering, including the concession and reallowance to certain dealers, by the Underwriters; (ii) the fifth paragraph of text under the caption Underwriting in the
Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus relating to over-allotment and stabilization by the Underwriters; and (iii) the sixth paragraph of text under the caption Underwriting in the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus
relating to penalty bids which may be imposed by the Underwriters. The indemnity agreement set forth in this Section 8(b) shall be in addition to any liabilities that each Underwriter may otherwise have. 

c) Notifications and Other Indemnification Procedures. Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party under this Section 8 of
notice of the commencement of any action, such indemnified party will, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against an indemnifying party under this Section 8, notify the indemnifying party in writing of the commencement thereof, but the
omission to notify the indemnifying party will not relieve it from any liability which it may 

22 

have to any indemnified party for contribution or otherwise than under the indemnity agreement contained in this Section 8 or to the extent it is not prejudiced as a proximate result of such
failure. In case any such action is brought against any indemnified party and such indemnified party seeks or intends to seek indemnity from an indemnifying party, the indemnifying party will be entitled to participate in, and, to the extent that it
shall elect, jointly with all other indemnifying parties similarly notified, by written notice delivered to the indemnified party, to assume the defense thereof with counsel reasonably satisfactory to such indemnified party; provided, however, such
indemnified party shall have the right to employ its own counsel in any such action and to participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such indemnified party, unless: (i) the
employment of such counsel has been specifically authorized in writing by the indemnifying party; (ii) the indemnifying party has failed promptly to assume the defense and employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party; or
(iii) the named parties to any such action (including any impleaded parties) include both such indemnified party and the indemnifying party or any affiliate of the indemnifying party, and such indemnified party shall have reasonably concluded
that either (x) there may be one or more legal defenses available to it which are different from or additional to those available to the indemnifying party or such affiliate of the indemnifying party or (y) a conflict may exist between
such indemnified party and the indemnifying party or such affiliate of the indemnifying party (it being understood, however, that the indemnifying party shall not, in connection with any one such action or separate but substantially similar or
related actions in the same jurisdiction arising out of the same general allegations or circumstances, be liable for the fees and expenses of more than one separate firm of attorneys (in addition to a single firm of local counsel) for all such
indemnified parties, which firm shall be designated in writing by the indemnified party (or by the Representatives as in the case of Section 8(b)) and that all such reasonable fees and expenses shall be reimbursed as they are incurred). After
notice from the indemnifying party to such indemnified party of such indemnifying partys election so to assume the defense of such action and approval by the indemnified party of counsel, the indemnifying party will not be liable to such
indemnified party under this Section 8 for any legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by such indemnified party in connection with the defense thereof unless the indemnified party shall have employed separate counsel in accordance with
the proviso to the next preceding sentence, in which case the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel shall be at the expense of the indemnifying party. 

d) Settlements. The indemnifying party under this Section 8 shall not be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected
without its written consent, but if settled with such consent or if there be a final judgment for the plaintiff, the indemnifying party agrees to indemnify the indemnified party against any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense by reason of such
settlement or judgment. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of the indemnified party, effect any settlement, compromise or consent to the entry of judgment in any pending or threatened action, suit or proceeding in respect
of which any indemnified party is or could have been a party and indemnity was or could have been sought hereunder by such indemnified party, unless such settlement, compromise or consent (i) includes an unconditional release of such
indemnified party from all liability on claims that are the subject matter of such action, suit or proceeding and (ii) does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act, by or on behalf of any
indemnified party. 

23 

Section 9. Contribution. If the indemnification provided for in Section 8
is for any reason held to be unavailable to or otherwise insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified party in respect of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses referred to therein, then each indemnifying party, in lieu of indemnifying
such indemnified party thereunder, shall contribute to the aggregate amount paid or payable by such indemnified party, as incurred, as a result of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses referred to therein (i) in such proportion
as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, from the offering of the Notes pursuant to this Agreement or (ii) if the allocation provided by
clause (i) above is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause (i) above but also the relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the
Underwriters, on the other hand, in connection with the statements or omissions which resulted in such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative benefits received by the
Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, in connection with the offering of the Notes pursuant to this Agreement shall be deemed to be in the same respective proportions as the total net proceeds from the offering of the
Notes pursuant to this Agreement (before deducting expenses) received by the Company, and the total underwriting discount received by the Underwriters, in each case as set forth on the front cover page of the Prospectus bear to the aggregate initial
public offering price of the Notes as set forth on such cover. The relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any such untrue or alleged
untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company, on the one hand, or the Underwriters, on the other hand, and the parties relative intent, knowledge,
access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission. 

The amount paid or payable by a party as a result
of the losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses referred to above shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth in Section 8(c), any reasonable legal or other fees or expenses reasonably incurred by such party in
connection with investigating or defending any action or claim. 

The Company and the Underwriters agree that it would not be just and
equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 9 were determined by pro rata allocation (even if the Underwriters were treated as one entity for such purpose) or by any other method of allocation which does not take account of the equitable
considerations referred to in this Section 9. 

Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 9, no Underwriter shall be
required to contribute any amount in excess of the underwriting commissions received by such Underwriter in connection with the Notes underwritten by it and distributed to the public. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the
meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. The Underwriters obligations to contribute pursuant to this Section 9 are
several, and not joint, in proportion to their respective underwriting commitments as set forth opposite their names in Schedule A. For purposes of this Section 9, each director, officer, employee and agent of an Underwriter and each
person, if any, who controls an Underwriter within the meaning of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act shall have the same rights to contribution as such Underwriter, and each director of the Company, each officer of the Company who signed the
Registration Statement, and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act shall have the same rights to contribution as the Company. 

24 

Section 10. Default of One or More of the Several Underwriters. If, on the
Closing Date, any one or more of the several Underwriters shall fail or refuse to purchase Notes that it has or they have agreed to purchase hereunder on such date, and the aggregate principal amount of Notes which such defaulting Underwriter or
Underwriters agreed but failed or refused to purchase does not exceed 10% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes to be purchased on such date, the other Underwriters shall be obligated, severally, in the proportion to the aggregate principal
amounts of such Notes set forth opposite their respective names on Schedule A bears to the aggregate principal amount of such Notes set forth opposite the names of all such non-defaulting Underwriters, or
in such other proportions as may be specified by the Representatives with the consent of the non-defaulting Underwriters, to purchase such Notes which such defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters agreed but
failed or refused to purchase on such date. If, on the Closing Date, any one or more of the Underwriters shall fail or refuse to purchase such Notes and the aggregate principal amount of such Notes with respect to which such default occurs exceeds
10% of the aggregate principal amount of Notes to be purchased on such date, and arrangements satisfactory to the Representatives and the Company for the purchase of such Notes are not made within 48 hours after such default, this Agreement shall
terminate without liability of any party to any other party except that the provisions of Sections 4, 8, 9 and 19 shall at all times be effective and shall survive such termination. In any such case, either the Representatives or the Company shall
have the right to postpone the Closing Date, but in no event for longer than seven days in order that the required changes, if any, to the Registration Statement, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or
any other documents or arrangements may be effected. 

As used in this Agreement, the term Underwriter shall be deemed to
include any person substituted for a defaulting Underwriter under this Section 10. Any action taken under this Section 10 shall not relieve any defaulting Underwriter from liability in respect of any default of such Underwriter under this
Agreement. 

Section 11. Termination of this Agreement. Prior to the Closing Date, this Agreement may be terminated by the
Representatives by notice given to the Company if at any time (i) trading or quotation in any of the Companys securities shall have been suspended or limited by the Commission or the New York Stock Exchange, or trading in securities
generally on either the Nasdaq Stock Market or the New York Stock Exchange shall have been suspended or limited, or minimum or maximum prices shall have been generally established on any of such stock exchanges by the Commission or the FINRA;
(ii) a general banking moratorium shall have been declared by any of federal or New York authorities; (iii) there shall have occurred any outbreak or escalation of national or international hostilities or any crisis or calamity involving
the United States, or any change in the United States or international financial markets, or any substantial change or development involving a prospective substantial change in United States or international political, financial or economic
conditions, as in the sole judgment of the Representatives is material and adverse and makes it impracticable or inadvisable to market the 

25 

Notes in the manner and on the terms described in the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus or to enforce contracts for the sale of securities; or (iv) there shall have occurred a material
disruption in commercial banking or securities settlement or clearance services in the United States or a material disruption in the Clearstream Banking, S.A. and/or Euroclear Bank SA/NV settlement systems. Any termination pursuant to this
Section 11 shall be without liability of any party to any other party except as provided in Sections 4 and 6 hereof, and provided further that Sections 4, 6, 8, 9 and 19 shall survive such termination and remain in full force and effect. 

Section 12. No Fiduciary Duty. The Company acknowledges and agrees that: (i) the purchase and sale of the Notes pursuant to
this Agreement, including the determination of the public offering price of the Notes and any related discounts and commissions, is an arms-length commercial transaction between the Company, on the one
hand, and the several Underwriters, on the other hand, and the Company is capable of evaluating and understanding and understands and accepts the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; (ii) in connection
with each transaction contemplated hereby and the process leading to such transaction each Underwriter is and has been acting solely as a principal and is not the financial advisor, agent or fiduciary of the Company or its affiliates, stockholders,
creditors or employees or any other party; (iii) no Underwriter has assumed or will assume an advisory, agency or fiduciary responsibility in favor of the Company with respect to any of the transactions contemplated hereby or the process
leading thereto (irrespective of whether such Underwriter has advised or is currently advising the Company on other matters) and no Underwriter has any obligation to the Company with respect to the offering contemplated hereby except the obligations
expressly set forth in this Agreement; (iv) the several Underwriters and their respective affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Company and that the several Underwriters
have no obligation to disclose any of such interests by virtue of any advisory, agency or fiduciary relationship; and (v) the Underwriters have not provided any legal, accounting, regulatory or tax advice with respect to the offering
contemplated hereby and the Company has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it deemed appropriate. 

Section 13. Entire Agreement. This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements and understandings (whether written or oral) between
the Company and the several Underwriters with respect to the subject matter hereof. The Company hereby waives and releases, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims that the Company may have against the several Underwriters with respect to
any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty. 

Section 14. Representations and Indemnities to Survive Delivery.
The respective indemnities, agreements, representations, warranties and other statements of the Company, of its officers and of the several Underwriters set forth in or made pursuant to this Agreement (i) will remain operative and in full force
and effect, regardless of any (A) investigation, or statement as to the results thereof, made by or on behalf of any Underwriter, the officers or employees of any Underwriter, or any person controlling the Underwriter, the Company, the officers
or employees of the Company, or any person controlling the Company, as the case may be or (B) acceptance of the Notes and payment for them hereunder and (ii) will survive delivery of and payment for the Notes sold hereunder and any
termination of this Agreement. 

26 

Section 15. Notices. All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in
writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if sent by electronic mail or mailed, hand delivered or telecopied and confirmed to the parties hereto as follows: 

If to the Representatives: 

Citigroup Global Markets Inc. 

388 Greenwich Street 

New York, New York 10013 

Attention: General Counsel 

Facsimile: (646) 291-1469

and 

Barclays Capital Inc. 

745 Seventh Avenue 

New York, New York 10019 

Attention: Syndicate Registration 

Facsimile: (646) 834-8133

and 

BNP Paribas Securities Corp. 

787 Seventh Avenue 

New York, New York 10019 

Attention: Debt Syndicate Desk 

Email: DL.US.Syndicate.Support@us.bnpparibas.com 

and 

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC 

550 South Tryon Street, 5th Floor 

Charlotte, North Carolina 28202 

Attention: Transaction Management 

Email: tmgcapitalmarkets@wellsfargo.com 

with a copy to: 

Sidley Austin LLP

787 Seventh Avenue 

New York, New York 10019 

Facsimile: 212-839-5599 

Attention: Samir A. Gandhi 

27 

If to the Company: 

Stryker Corporation 

1941 Stryker Way 

Portage, Michigan 49002 

Facsimile: 269-385-2066

Attention: Tina S. French, Corporate Secretary 

with a copy to: 

Sullivan & Cromwell LLP 

125 Broad Street 

New York, New York 10004 

Attention: Catherine M. Clarkin 

Email: clarkinc@sullcrom.com 

Any party hereto may change the address for receipt of communications by giving written notice to the others. 

Section 16. USA Patriot Act. In accordance with the requirements of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed
into law October 26, 2001)), the Underwriters are required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies their respective clients, including the Company, which information may include the name and address of their respective clients,
as well as other information that will allow the Underwriters to properly identify their respective clients. 

Section 17.
Successors. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto, including any substitute Underwriters pursuant to Section 10 hereof, and to the benefit of the directors, officers, employees, agents and
controlling persons referred to in Sections 8 and 9, and in each case their respective successors, and no other person will have any right or obligation hereunder. The term successors shall not include any purchaser of the Notes as such
from any of the Underwriters merely by reason of such purchase. 

Section 18. Partial Unenforceability. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any Section, paragraph or provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other Section, paragraph or provision hereof. If any Section, paragraph or provision of this Agreement is for any reason
determined to be invalid or unenforceable, there shall be deemed to be made such minor changes (and only such minor changes) as are necessary to make it valid and enforceable. 

Section 19. Governing Law Provisions. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE
INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO AGREEMENTS MADE AND TO BE PERFORMED IN THAT STATE. 

Section 20. General
Provisions. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each one of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. This Agreement may not be amended or
modified unless in writing by all of the parties hereto, and no condition herein (express or implied) may be waived unless waived in writing by each party whom the condition is meant to benefit. The Section headings herein are for the convenience of
the parties only and shall not affect the construction or interpretation of this Agreement. 

28 

Each of the parties hereto acknowledges that it is a sophisticated business person who was
adequately represented by counsel during negotiations regarding the provisions hereof, including, without limitation, the indemnification provisions of Section 8 and the contribution provisions of Section 9, and is fully informed regarding
said provisions. Each of the parties hereto further acknowledges that the provisions of Sections 8 and 9 hereto fairly allocate the risks in light of the ability of the parties to investigate the Company, its affairs and its business in order to
assure that adequate disclosure has been made in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (and any amendments and supplements thereto), as required by the Securities Act and the Exchange Act. 

Section 21. Recognition of the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes. (i) In the event that any Underwriter that is a Covered
Entity becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer from such Underwriter of this Agreement, and any interest and obligation in or under this Agreement, will be effective to the same extent as the transfer
would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement, and any such interest and obligation, were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. (ii) In the event that any Underwriter that is
a Covered Entity or a BHC Act Affiliate of such party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under this Agreement that may be exercised against such party are permitted to be exercised to no greater
extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. 

For purposes of this Section 21 a BHC Act Affiliate has the meaning assigned to the term affiliate in, and shall
be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k). Covered Entity means any of the following: (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b);
(ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 
382.2(b). Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. U.S. Special Resolution Regime means each of
(i) the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder and (ii) Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Section 22. Electronic Execution of Assignments and Certain Other Documents. The words execution, execute,
signed, signature, and words of like import in or related to any document to be signed in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby (including without limitation assignment and assumptions,
amendments, waivers and consents) shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, the electronic matching of assignment terms and contract formations on electronic platforms approved by the Representatives, or the keeping of records in electronic
form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law,
including the 

29 

Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic
Transactions Act. 

[Signature pages follow] 

30 

If the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding of our agreement, kindly sign and
return to the Company the enclosed copies hereof, whereupon this instrument, along with all counterparts hereof, shall become a binding agreement in accordance with its terms. 

Very truly yours,

STRYKER CORPORATION

By: /s/ Lindsay Gardner

Name: Lindsay Gardner

Title: Vice President, Treasurer

[Signature Page to
Underwriting Agreement]

The foregoing Underwriting Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted by the Representatives
as of the date first above written. 

CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC.

BARCLAYS CAPITAL INC.

BNP PARIBAS SECURITIES CORP.

WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC

Acting as Representatives of the several

Underwriters named in the attached

Schedule A.

CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC.

By: /s/ Adam D. Bordner

Name: Adam D. Bordner

Title: Managing Director

BARCLAYS CAPITAL INC.

By: /s/ James Gutow

Name: James Gutow

Title: Managing Director

BNP PARIBAS SECURITIES CORP.

By: /s/ Christian J. Stewart

Name: Christian J. Stewart

Title: Managing Director

WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC

By: /s/ Carolyn Hurley

Name: Carolyn Hurley

Title: Managing Director

[Signature Page to
Underwriting Agreement]

SCHEDULE A 

Underwriters Aggregate

Principal Amount

of 2027 Notes to be

Purchased Aggregate Principal

Amount of 2028

Notes to be

Purchased Aggregate Principal

Amount of 2030

Notes to be

Purchased Aggregate

Principal Amount

of 2035 Notes to be

Purchased 

Citigroup Global Markets Inc. 100,000,000 140,000,000 160,000,000 200,000,000 

Barclays Capital Inc. 61,667,000 86,334,000 98,666,000 123,333,000 

BNP Paribas Securities Corp. 61,667,000 86,333,000 98,667,000 123,333,000 

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC 61,666,000 86,333,000 98,667,000 123,334,000 

BofA Securities, Inc. 45,000,000 63,000,000 72,000,000 90,000,000 

Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 45,000,000 63,000,000 72,000,000 90,000,000 

Mizuho Securities USA LLC 45,000,000 63,000,000 72,000,000 90,000,000 

Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 16,667,000 23,334,000 26,666,000 33,333,000 

HSBC Securities (USA) Inc. 16,667,000 23,333,000 26,667,000 33,333,000 

MUFG Securities Americas Inc. 16,666,000 23,333,000 26,667,000 33,334,000 

PNC Capital Markets LLC 10,000,000 14,000,000 16,000,000 20,000,000 

Siebert Williams Shank & Co., LLC 10,000,000 14,000,000 16,000,000 20,000,000 

U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. 10,000,000 14,000,000 16,000,000 20,000,000 

Total 500,000,000 700,000,000 800,000,000 1,000,000,000 

Sch-A 

ANNEX I 

Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses 

Final
Term Sheet dated January 30, 2025 

Annex I 

EXHIBIT A 

Form of Final Term Sheet 

Exhibit A-1

Filed Pursuant to Rule 433

Registration
Statement No. 333-275853

January 30, 2025

Final Term Sheet 

$500,000,000 4.550% Notes due 2027 

$700,000,000 4.700% Notes due 2028 

$800,000,000 4.850% Notes due 2030 

$1,000,000,000 5.200% Notes due 2035 

Issuer: Stryker Corporation 

2027 Notes 2028 Notes 2030 Notes 2035 Notes

Security Type: 

4.550% Notes

due 2027 

4.700% Notes

due 2028 

4.850% Notes

due 2030 

5.200% Notes

due 2035

Principal Amount: $500,000,000 $700,000,000 $800,000,000 $1,000,000,000

Maturity Date: 

February 10,

2027 

February 10,

2028 

February 10,

2030 

February 10,

2035

Interest Payment Dates: Each February 10 and August 10, commencing August 10, 2025 Each February 10 and August 10, commencing August 10, 2025 Each February 10 and August 10, commencing August 10, 2025 Each February 10 and August 10, commencing August 10, 2025

Coupon (Interest Rate): 4.550% per year 4.700% per year 4.850% per year 5.200% per year

Price to Public: 99.917% of the Principal Amount 99.934% of the Principal Amount 99.824% of the Principal Amount 99.722% of the Principal Amount

Benchmark Treasury: 

4.250% due December 31,

2026 4.250% due January 15, 2028 

4.375% due December 31,

2029 

4.250% due November 15,

2034

Spread to Benchmark Treasury: T+38 bps T+48 bps T+58 bps T+73 bps

Benchmark Treasury Yield: 4.214% 4.244% 4.310% 4.506%

Exhibit A-2

Yield to Maturity: 4.594% 4.724% 4.890% 5.236%

Optional Redemption Provisions: 

Make-Whole Call: 

Prior to February 10, 2027, T+10

bps 

Prior to January 10, 2028, T+10

bps 

Prior to January 10, 2030, T+10

bps Prior to November 10, 2034, T+15 bps

Par Call: On or after January 10, 2028, at par On or after January 10, 2030, at par On or after November 10, 2034, at par

CUSIP / ISIN: 863667 BJ9 / US863667BJ94 863667 BK6 / US863667BK67 863667 BL4 / US863667BL41 863667 BM2 / US863667BM24

Special Mandatory Redemption: In the event that (i) the Issuer does not satisfy the minimum tender and other conditions in the Merger Agreement and does not consummate the Inari Tender Offer on or prior to the Special Mandatory Redemption End Date, or
(ii) at any time prior to the Special Mandatory Redemption End Date, the Issuer notifies the trustee in writing that the Merger Agreement has been terminated, the Issuer will be required to redeem the 2030 Notes and the 2035 Notes (but not the
2027 Notes or the 2028 Notes) in whole and not in part for cash at a Special Mandatory Redemption Price equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the 2030 Notes and the 2035 Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but
excluding, the Special Mandatory Redemption Date. The 2027 Notes and the 2028 Notes will not be subject to the special mandatory redemption and will remain outstanding (unless otherwise redeemed) even if the Inari Tender Offer is not consummated on
or prior to the Special Mandatory Redemption End Date. Capitalized terms used but not defined here shall have the meaning assigned to them in the preliminary prospectus supplement.

Trade Date: January 30, 2025

Settlement Date*: February 10, 2025 (T+7)

Joint Book-Running Managers: 

Citigroup Global Markets Inc.

Barclays Capital
Inc.

BNP Paribas Securities Corp.

Wells Fargo Securities,
LLC

BofA Securities, Inc.

Goldman Sachs & Co.
LLC

Mizuho Securities USA LLC

Exhibit A-3

Co-Managers: 

Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.

HSBC Securities
(USA) Inc.

MUFG Securities Americas Inc.

PNC Capital Markets
LLC

Siebert Williams Shank & Co., LLC

U.S. Bancorp
Investments, Inc.

* 

Pursuant to Rule 15c6-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, trades in the secondary
market generally are required to settle in one business day unless the parties to any such trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, purchasers of the notes who wish to trade the notes prior to the business day before delivery of the notes will
be required, by virtue of the fact that the notes initially will settle in T+7, to specify an alternative settlement cycle at the time of any such trade to prevent failed settlement. 

The issuer has filed a registration statement (including a prospectus) with the SEC for the offering to which this communication relates. Before you
invest, you should read the prospectus in that registration statement and other documents the issuer has filed with the SEC for more complete information about the issuer and this offering. You may get these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on
the SEC Web site at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, the issuer, any underwriter or any dealer participating in the offering will arrange to send you the prospectus if you request it by calling Citigroup Global Markets Inc. toll-free at 1-800-831-9146, Barclays Capital Inc. toll-free at
1-888-603-5847, BNP Paribas Securities Corp. toll-free at 1-800-854-5674 or Wells Fargo Securities, LLC toll-free at 1-800-645-3751.

Exhibit A-4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d907608dex42.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.2
<TEXT>
EX-4.2

Exhibit 4.2 

Execution Version 

Stryker Corporation 

and 

U.S. Bank Trust
Company, National Association, 

as Trustee 

Thirty-Second Supplemental Indenture 

Dated as of February 10, 2025 

to Senior Debt Indenture 

Dated as
of January 15, 2010 

Establishing a series of Securities designated 

4.550% Notes due 2027 

Table of Contents 

Page 

ARTICLE I 

DEFINITIONS AND INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE 

Section 1.01 Relation to Base Indenture 1 

Section 1.02 Definitions 2 

ARTICLE II 

CREATION, FORMS, TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 

Section 2.01 Creation of the Notes 9 

Section 2.02 Form of the Notes 9 

Section 2.03 Terms and Conditions of the Notes 10 

Section 2.04 Ranking 11 

Section 2.05 Sinking Fund 11 

Section 2.06 Place of Payment 11 

Section 2.07 Transfer and Exchange 11 

Section 2.08 Cancellation and/or Adjustment of Global Notes 12 

ARTICLE III 

REDEMPTION OF THE NOTES 

Section 3.01 Optional Redemption by the Company 12 

ARTICLE IV 

CHANGE OF CONTROL 

Section 4.01 Repurchase at the Option of Holders Upon Change of Control Repurchase Event 13 

ARTICLE V 

COVENANTS 

Section 5.01 Limitation on Liens 15 

Section 5.02 

Limitations on Sale and Leaseback Transactions 15 

-i- 

ARTICLE VI 

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 

Section 6.01 Ratification of Base Indenture 16 

Section 6.02 

Conflict with Trust Indenture Act 16 

Section 6.03 

Effect of Headings 16 

Section 6.04 

Successors and Assigns 17 

Section 6.05 

Separability Clause 17 

Section 6.06 

Governing Law 17 

Section 6.07 

Counterparts 17 

-ii- 

THIRTY-SECOND SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, dated as of February 10, 2025 (this
Thirty-Second Supplemental Indenture), between Stryker Corporation, a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the State of Michigan (herein called the Company), having its principal office at 1941 Stryker
Way, Portage, Michigan, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, a nationally chartered banking association, as trustee (herein called the Trustee). 

RECITALS OF THE COMPANY 

WHEREAS, the Company and the Trustee have heretofore executed and delivered an Indenture, dated as of January 15, 2010 (the Base
Indenture and, together with this Thirty-Second Supplemental Indenture, the Indenture), providing for the issuance from time to time of the Companys debentures, notes or other evidences of indebtedness (herein and therein
called the Securities), to be issued in one or more series as provided in the Base Indenture; 

WHEREAS, Section 901 of
the Base Indenture permits the Company and the Trustee to enter into a supplemental indenture to the Base Indenture to establish the form and terms of any series of Securities; 

WHEREAS, Section 201 of the Base Indenture permits the form of Securities of any series to be established in a supplemental indenture to
the Base Indenture; 

WHEREAS, Section 301 of the Base Indenture permits certain terms of any series of Securities to be established
pursuant to a supplemental indenture to the Base Indenture; 

WHEREAS, pursuant to Sections 201 and 301 of the Base Indenture, the Company
desires to provide for the establishment of a new series of Securities in an aggregate principal amount of $500,000,000 to be designated the 4.550% Notes due 2027 (hereinafter called the Notes) under the Base Indenture, the
form and substance of such Notes and the terms, provisions and conditions thereof to be set forth as provided in the Base Indenture and this Thirty-Second Supplemental Indenture; and 

WHEREAS, all things necessary to make this Thirty-Second Supplemental Indenture a valid agreement of the Company, in accordance with its
terms, have been done; 

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the foregoing and the purchase of the Notes established by this
Thirty-Second Supplemental Indenture by the holders thereof (the Holders), it is mutually agreed, for the equal and proportionate benefit of all such Holders, as follows: 

ARTICLE I 

DEFINITIONS AND INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE 

Section 1.01 Relation to Base Indenture. This Thirty-Second Supplemental Indenture constitutes a part of the Base Indenture (the
provisions of which, as modified by this Thirty-Second Supplemental Indenture, shall apply to the Notes) in respect of the Notes but shall not modify, amend or otherwise affect the Base Indenture insofar as it relates to any other series of
Securities or modify, amend or otherwise affect in any manner the terms and conditions of the Securities of any other series. 

Section 1.02 Definitions. For all purposes of this Thirty-Second Supplemental
Indenture, the capitalized terms used herein (i) which are defined in this Section 1.02 have the respective meanings assigned hereto in this Section 1.02 and (ii) which are defined in the Base Indenture (and which are not defined
in this Section 1.02) have the respective meanings assigned thereto in the Base Indenture. For all purposes of this Thirty-Second Supplemental Indenture: 

(a) Unless the context otherwise requires, any reference to an Article or Section refers to an Article or Section, as the case may be, of
this Thirty-Second Supplemental Indenture; 

(b) The words herein, hereof and hereunder and words of
similar import refer to this Thirty-Second Supplemental Indenture as a whole and not to any particular Article, Section or other subdivision; 

(c) Headings are for convenience or reference only and do not affect interpretations; and 

(d) The terms defined in this Section 1.02(d) have the meanings assigned to them in this Section and include the plural as well as
the singular: 

Applicable Procedures has the meaning set forth in Section 2.07(a). 

Attributable Debt in respect of a Sale and Leaseback Transaction means, at the time of determination, the present value
(discounted at the imputed rate of interest of such transaction as determined in good faith by the Company) of the obligation of the lessee for net rental payments during the remaining term of the lease included in such Sale and Leaseback
Transaction (including any period for which such lease has been extended or may, at the option of the lessor, be extended). The term net rental payments under any lease for any period means the sum of the rental and other payments
required to be paid in such period by the lessee thereunder, not including any amounts required to be paid by such lessee (whether or not designated as rental or additional rent) on account of maintenance and repairs, insurance, taxes, assessments,
water rates or similar charges required to be paid by such lessee thereunder or any amount required to be paid by lessee thereunder contingent upon the amount of maintenance and repairs, insurance, taxes, assessments, water rates or similar charges.
In the case of any lease that is terminable by the lessee upon the payment of a penalty, such net amount shall be the lesser of (x) the net amount determined assuming termination upon the first date such lease may be terminated (in which case
the net amount shall also include the amount of the penalty, but shall not include any rent that would be required to be paid under such lease subsequent to the first date upon which it may be so terminated) or (y) the net amount determined
assuming no such termination. 

Base Indenture has the meaning given to such term in the recitals hereof. 

-2- 

Below Investment Grade Rating Event means the Notes are rated below Investment
Grade by each of the Rating Agencies on any date during the period commencing upon the first public notice of the occurrence of a Change of Control or the Companys intention to effect a Change of Control and ending 60 days following public
notice of the occurrence of the related Change of Control (which period shall be extended so long as the rating of the Notes is under publicly announced consideration for possible downgrade by any of the Rating Agencies, provided that no such
extension shall occur if on such 60th day the Notes are rated Investment Grade by at least one of such Rating Agency and are not subject to review for possible downgrade by such Rating Agency);
provided further that a Below Investment Grade Rating Event otherwise arising by virtue of a particular reduction in rating shall not be deemed to have occurred in respect of a particular Change of Control (and thus shall not be deemed a Below
Investment Grade Rating Event for purposes of the definition of Change of Control Repurchase Event hereunder) if the Rating Agencies making the reduction in rating to which this definition would otherwise apply do not announce or publicly confirm or
inform the Trustee in writing at its request that the reduction was the result, in whole or in part, of any event or circumstance comprised of or arising as a result of, or in respect of, the applicable Change of Control (whether or not the
applicable Change of Control shall have occurred at the time of the Below Investment Grade Rating Event). 

Business Day means
any day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, that is neither a legal holiday nor a day on which the Trustee or banking institutions in The City of New York are authorized or required by law or regulation to close. 

Change of Control means the occurrence of any of the following: 

1. the direct or indirect sale, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger or consolidation), in
one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the Companys assets and those of the Companys Subsidiaries taken as a whole to any person (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange
Act), other than the Company or one of the Companys Subsidiaries; 

2. the adoption of a plan relating to the
Companys liquidation or dissolution; 

3. the consummation of any transaction (including, without limitation, any
merger or consolidation) the result of which is that any person (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), other than the Company or one or more of its Subsidiaries, becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in
Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the then outstanding number of shares of the Companys Voting Stock. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction shall not be considered to be a Change of Control if (a) the Company becomes a direct or
indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of a holding company and (b)(i) immediately following that transaction, the direct or indirect holders of the Voting Stock of the holding company are substantially the same as the holders of the Companys Voting
Stock immediately prior to that transaction or (ii) immediately following that transaction, no person is the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the Voting Stock of such holding company. 

Change of Control Repurchase Event means the occurrence of both a Change of Control and a Below Investment Grade Rating Event.

-3- 

Company has the meaning given to such term in the preamble hereof. 

Consolidated Net Tangible Assets means the total amounts of assets (less depreciation and valuation reserves and other reserves
and items deductible from gross book value of specific asset accounts under generally accepted accounting principles) that under generally accepted accounting principles would be included on a consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its
consolidated Restricted Subsidiaries after deducting (1) all current liabilities, excluding current liabilities that could be classified as long-term debt under generally accepted accounting principles and current liabilities that are by their
terms extendable or renewable at the obligors option to a time more than 12 months after the time as of which the amount of current liabilities is being computed; (2) Investments in Unrestricted Subsidiaries; and (3) all trade names,
trademarks, licenses, patents, copyrights and goodwill, organizational and development costs, deferred charges, other than prepaid items such as insurance, taxes, interest, commissions, rents and similar items and tangible assets being amortized,
and amortized debt discount and expense, less unamortized premium. 

Definitive Notes means certificated Notes registered in
the name of the Holder thereof and issued in accordance with Section 2.02 hereof, substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto, except that such Security shall not bear the Global Note Legend. 

Depositary means, with respect to Global Notes issued under this Thirty-Second Supplemental Indenture, DTC. 

Dollar and $ means the lawful currency of the United States of America. 

DTC means The Depository Trust Company, its nominees and their successors and assigns. 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time. 

Exempted Debt means the sum of the following items outstanding as of the date Exempted Debt is being determined
(1) Indebtedness of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries secured by a Mortgage and not permitted to exist under the Indenture and (2) Attributable Debt of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries in respect of all Sale and
Leaseback Transactions not permitted under the Indenture. 

Funded Debt means Indebtedness that matures more than one year from
the date of creation, or that is extendable or renewable at the sole option of the obligor so that it may become payable more than one year from such date. Funded Debt does not include (1) obligations created pursuant to leases, (2) any
Indebtedness or portion thereof maturing by its terms within one year from the time of any computation of the amount of outstanding Funded Debt unless such Indebtedness shall be extendable or renewable at the sole option of the obligor in such
manner that it may become payable more than one year from such time, or (3) any Indebtedness for the payment or redemption of which money in the necessary amount shall have been deposited in trust either at or before the maturity date thereof.

-4- 

Global Note means a single permanent fully-registered global note in book-entry
form, without coupons, substantially in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto. 

Global Note Legend means the legend set
forth in Section 202 of the Base Indenture. 

Holders has the meaning given to such term in the recitals hereof. 

Indebtedness means any and all of the obligations of a Person for money borrowed that in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles would be reflected on the balance sheet of such Person as a liability as of the date of which the Indebtedness is to be determined. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a change in generally accepted accounting principles subsequent
to November 30, 2018 shall not be deemed an incurrence of Indebtedness. 

Indenture has the meaning given to such term in
the recitals hereof. 

Indirect Participant means a Person who holds a beneficial interest in a Global Note through a
Participant. 

Interest Payment Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(c). 

Investment means any investment in stock, evidences of Indebtedness, loans or advances, however made or acquired, but does not
include the Companys account receivable or the accounts receivable of any Restricted Subsidiary arising from transactions in the ordinary course of business, or any evidences of Indebtedness, loans or advance made in connection with the sale
to any Subsidiary of the Companys accounts receivable or the accounts receivable of any Restricted Subsidiary arising from transactions in the ordinary course of business. 

Investment Grade means a rating of Baa3 or better by Moodys (or its equivalent under any successor rating categories of
Moodys) and a rating of BBB- or better by S&P (or its equivalent under any successor rating categories of S&P) or the equivalent investment grade credit rating from any additional Rating Agency
or Rating Agencies selected by the Company. 

Maturity Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(b) hereof. 

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service Inc., a subsidiary of Moodys Corporation, and its successors. 

Mortgage means any mortgage, security interest, pledge, lien or other encumbrance. 

Notes has the meaning given to such term in the recitals hereof. 

Participant means, with respect to the Depositary, a Person who has an account with the Depositary. 

Permitted Mortgage means (a) any purchase money mortgage on such Principal Property prior to, simultaneously with or within
180 days after the later of (1) the acquisition or completion of construction or completion of substantial reconstruction, renovation, remodeling, expansion or improvement (each, a substantial improvement) of such Principal Property
or 

-5- 

(2) the placing in operation of such property after the acquisition or completion of any such construction or substantial improvement; (b) Mortgages on a Principal Property existing at
the time of acquisition, including acquisition through merger or consolidation; (c) Mortgages existing on the date of the initial issuance of the Notes, Mortgages on assets of a corporation or other business entity existing on the date it
becomes a Restricted Subsidiary or is merged or consolidated with the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary or at the time the corporation or other business entity sells, leases or otherwise disposes of its property as an entirety or substantially as
an entirety to the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary or Mortgages on the assets of a Subsidiary that is newly designated as a Restricted Subsidiary if the Mortgage would have been permitted under the provisions of this paragraph if such Mortgage
was created while the Subsidiary was a Restricted Subsidiary; (d) Mortgages in favor of the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary; (e) Mortgages for taxes, assessments or governmental charges or levies that are not delinquent or that are
being contested in good faith; (f) carriers, warehousemens, materialmens, repairmens, mechanics, landlords and other similar Mortgages arising in ordinary course of business that are not delinquent or remain
payable without penalty or that are being contested in good faith; (g) Mortgages (other than any Mortgage imposed by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974) consisting of pledges or deposits required in the ordinary course of
business in connection with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security legislation; (h) easements, rights-of-way, restrictions,
encroachments, imperfections and other similar encumbrances affecting real property that, in the aggregate, are not substantial in amount and do not in any case materially detract from the value of the Principal Property subject thereto or
materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the Company and its Subsidiaries business, taken as a whole; (i) Mortgages arising by reason of deposits with, or the giving of any form of security to, any governmental agency or any body
created or approved by law or governmental regulation, including any zoning or similar law or right reserved to or vested in any governmental office or agency to control or regulate the use of any real property; (j) Mortgages arising from
filing Uniform Commercial Code financing statements relating solely to leases; and (k) Mortgages to secure Indebtedness incurred to extend, renew, refinance or replace Indebtedness secured by any Mortgages referred to above, provided that the
principal amount of the extended, renewed, refinanced or replaced Indebtedness does not exceed the principal amount of Indebtedness so extended, renewed, refinanced or replaced, plus transaction costs and fees, and that any such Mortgage applies
only to the same property or assets subject to the prior permitted Mortgage (and, in the case of real property, improvements). 

Principal Property means all real property and improvements thereon owned by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary, including,
without limitation, any manufacturing, warehouse, distribution or research facility, and improvements therein, having a net book value in excess of 2% of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets that is located within the United States, excluding its
territories and possessions and Puerto Rico. This term does not include any real property and improvements thereon that the Companys Board of Directors declares by resolution not to be of material importance to the total business conducted by
the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole. 

Rating Agency means (1) each of Moodys and S&P;
and (2) if any of Moodys or S&P ceases to rate the Notes or fails to make a rating of the Notes publicly available for reasons outside of the Companys control, a nationally recognized statistical rating organization
within the meaning of Section 3(a)(62) under the Exchange Act, selected by the Company as a replacement agency for Moodys or S&P, or both of them, as the case may be. 

-6- 

Redemption Date means the Business Day on which Notes are redeemed by the
Company pursuant to Section 3.01 hereof. 

Redemption Price has the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(a). 

Registered Securities means any Securities which are registered in the Security Register. 

Regular Record Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(c). 

Restricted Subsidiary means a Subsidiary that owns a Principal Property. 

S&P means S&P Global Ratings Inc., a division of S&P Global Inc. and its successors. 

Sale and Leaseback Transaction means an arrangement with any Person providing for the leasing by the Company or any Restricted
Subsidiary of any Principal Property owned or acquired thereafter that has been or is to be sold or transferred by the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary to such Person with the intention of taking back a lease of such Principal Property. 

Securities has the meaning given to such term in the recitals hereof. 

Senior Funded Debt means all Funded Debt (except Funded Debt, the payment of which is subordinated to the payment of the Notes).

Subsidiary means a corporation, partnership or other legal entity of which, in the case of a corporation, more than 50% of
the outstanding voting stock is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company or by one or more other Subsidiaries, or by the Company and one or more other Subsidiaries or, in the case of any partnership or other legal entity, more than 50% of the
ordinary capital interests is, at the time, directly or indirectly owned or controlled by the Company or by one or more other Subsidiaries. For the purposes of this definition, voting stock means the equity interest that ordinarily has
voting power for the election of directors, managers or trustees of an entity, or persons performing similar functions, whether at all times or only so long as no senior class of equity interest has such voting power by reason of any contingency.

Treasury Rate means, with respect to any Redemption Date, the yield determined by the Company in accordance with the
following two paragraphs: 

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Company after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or
after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third business day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that
appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest 

-7- 

Rates (Daily) - H.15 (or any successor designation or publication) (H.15) under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal
(or any successor caption or heading) (H.15 TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Company shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption
date to the Maturity Date (the Remaining Life); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on
H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Life and shall interpolate to the Maturity Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of
days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15
closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury
constant maturity from the redemption date. 

If on the third business day preceding the redemption date H.15 TCM is no
longer published, the Company shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second business day preceding such redemption date of the
United States Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the Maturity Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the Maturity Date but there are two or more United States Treasury
securities with a maturity date equally distant from the Maturity Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Maturity Date and one with a maturity date following the Maturity Date, the Company shall select the United States Treasury security with
a maturity date preceding the Maturity Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Maturity Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Company shall
select from among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New
York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices
(expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. 

Trustee has the meaning given to such term in the preamble hereof. 

Unrestricted Subsidiary means any Subsidiary other than a Restricted Subsidiary. 

Voting Stock of any specified Person as of any date means the capital stock of such Person that is at the time entitled to vote
generally in the election of the board of directors of such Person. 

-8- 

ARTICLE II 

CREATION, FORMS, TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 

Section 2.01 Creation of the Notes. In accordance with Section 301 of the Base Indenture, the Company hereby creates the
Notes as a separate series of its securities issued pursuant to the Indenture. The Notes shall be issued initially in an aggregate principal amount of $500,000,000, except as permitted by Sections 304, 305 or 306 of the Base Indenture. 

Section 2.02 Form of the Notes. The Notes shall each be issued in the form of a Global Note, duly executed by the Company and
authenticated by the Trustee, which shall be deposited with the Trustee as custodian for DTC and registered in the name of Cede & Co., as the nominee of DTC. The Notes shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A
attached hereto (including the Global Note Legend thereon). Notes issued in definitive certificated form in accordance with the terms of the Base Indenture and this Thirty-Second Supplemental Indenture, if any, shall be substantially in the form of
Exhibit A attached hereto (but without the Global Note Legend thereon). So long as DTC, or its nominee, is the registered owner of a Global Note, DTC or its nominee, as the case may be, shall be considered the sole owner or Holder of the Notes
represented by such Global Note for all purposes under the Indenture. Ownership of beneficial interests in such Global Note shall be shown on, and transfers thereof shall be effected only through, records maintained by DTC (with respect to
beneficial interests of Participants) or by Participants or Persons that hold interests through Participants (with respect to beneficial interests of beneficial owners). In addition, the following provisions of clauses (1), (2), and (3) below
shall apply only to Global Notes: 

1. Notwithstanding any other provision in the Indenture, no Global Note may be exchanged
in whole or in part for Securities registered, and no transfer of a Global Note in whole or in part may be registered, in the name of any Person other than the Depositary for such Global Note or a nominee thereof unless (A) such Depositary has
notified the Company that it is unwilling or unable or no longer permitted under applicable law to continue as Depositary for such Global Note and the Company has not appointed a successor Depositary within 90 days of receipt of such notice or has
ceased to be a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act, (B) there shall have occurred and be continuing an Event of Default with respect to such Global Note or (C) the Company (subject to the procedures of the Depositary) so
directs the Trustee by Company Order. Beneficial interests in Global Notes may be exchanged for Definitive Notes of the same series upon request but only upon at least 30 days prior written notice given to the Trustee by or on behalf of the
Depositary in accordance with customary procedures. 

2. Subject to clause (1) above, any exchange of a Global Note for
other Securities may be made in whole or in part, and all Securities issued in exchange for a Global Note or any portion thereof shall be registered in such names as the Depositary for such Global Note shall direct. 

-9- 

3. Every Security authenticated and delivered upon registration of transfer
of, or in exchange for or in lieu of, a Global Note or any portion thereof, shall be authenticated and delivered in the form of, and shall be, a Global Note, unless such note is registered in the name of a Person other than the Depositary for such
Global Note or a nominee thereof. 

Section 2.03 Terms and Conditions of the Notes. The Notes shall be governed by all the
terms and conditions of the Base Indenture, as supplemented by this Thirty-Second Supplemental Indenture. In particular, the following provisions shall be terms of the Notes: 

(a) Title and Aggregate Principal Amount. The title of the Notes shall be as specified in the Recitals of the Company; and the
aggregate principal amount of the Notes shall be as specified in Section 2.01 of this Article II, except as permitted by Sections 304, 305 or 306 of the Base Indenture. 

(b) Stated Maturity. The Notes shall mature, and the unpaid principal thereon shall be payable, on February 10, 2027 (the
Maturity Date), subject to the provisions of the Base Indenture and Articles III and IV below. 

(c) Interest. The rate
per annum at which interest shall be payable on the Notes shall be 4.550%. Interest on the Notes shall be payable semi-annually in arrears on each February 10 and August 10, commencing on August 10, 2025 (each, an Interest
Payment Date), to the Persons in whose names the applicable Notes are registered in the Security Register applicable to the Notes at the close of business on the immediately preceding January 27 or July 27, respectively, prior to the
applicable Interest Payment Date regardless of whether such day is a Business Day (each, a Regular Record Date). Interest on the Notes shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of
twelve 30-day months. Interest on the Notes shall accrue from and including February 10, 2025. If an Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the payment shall
be made on the next Business Day as if it were made on the date the payment was due, and no interest shall accrue on the amount so payable for the period from and after that Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date, as the case may be, to the date
the payment is made. Interest payments shall include accrued interest from and including the date of issue or from and including the last date in respect of which interest has been paid, as the case may be, to, but excluding, the Interest Payment
Date or the Maturity Date, as the case may be. 

(d) Registration and Form. The Notes shall be issuable as Registered Securities as
provided in Section 2.02 of this Article II. The Notes shall be issued and may be transferred only in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. Principal of and interest on the Notes will be payable,
and the Notes will be transferable or exchangeable, at the office or offices or agency maintained by the Company for these purposes. Payment of interest on the Notes may be made at the Companys option by check mailed to the registered holders
thereof. 

(e) Defeasance and Covenant Defeasance. The provisions for defeasance in Section 1302 of the Base Indenture, and the
provisions for covenant defeasance in Section 1303 of the Base Indenture, shall be applicable to the Notes. 

-10- 

(f) Further Issues. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in
the Base Indenture, the Company may, from time to time, without notice to, or the consent of, the Holders, create and issue additional Notes of this series having the same ranking and terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects, except for the
issue date, the public offering price and, in some cases, the first Interest Payment Date (the Additional Notes). Any Additional Notes having similar terms, together with the Notes of this series, shall be consolidated with and shall
form a single series with the previously outstanding Notes. If the Additional Notes are not fungible with the previously outstanding Notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Additional Notes will have a separate CUSIP number. Notice of any
such issuance shall be given to the Trustee and a new supplemental indenture shall be executed in connection with the issuance of such Additional Notes. 

(g) Other Terms and Conditions. The Notes shall have such other terms and conditions as provided in the form thereof attached as
Exhibit A. 

Section 2.04 Ranking. The Notes shall be general unsecured obligations of the Company. The Notes shall rank
pari passu in right of payment with all unsecured and unsubordinated Indebtedness, including, without limitation, any unsecured senior Indebtedness, of the Company and senior in right of payment to all subordinated Indebtedness of the Company. 

Section 2.05 Sinking Fund. The Notes shall not be entitled to any sinking fund. 

Section 2.06 Place of Payment. The Place of Payment in respect of the Notes will be at the office or agency of the Company in The
City of New York, State of New York or at the office or agency of the Paying Agent in The City of New York, State of New York. 

Section 2.07 Transfer and Exchange. 

(a) The transfer and exchange of beneficial interests in the Global Notes shall be effected through the Depositary, in accordance with the
provisions of the Base Indenture, this Thirty-Second Supplemental Indenture and the then applicable procedures of the Depositary (the Applicable Procedures). In connection with all transfers and exchanges of beneficial interests, the
transferor of such beneficial interest must deliver to the Trustee either (A)(1) a written order from a Participant or an Indirect Participant given to the Depositary in accordance with the Applicable Procedures directing the Depositary to credit or
cause to be credited a beneficial interest in another Global Note in an amount equal to the beneficial interest to be transferred or exchanged and (2) instructions given in accordance with the Applicable Procedures containing information
regarding the Participant account to be credited with such increase or, if Definitive Notes are at such time permitted to be issued pursuant to this Thirty-Second Supplemental Indenture and the Base Indenture, (B)(1) a written order from a
Participant or an Indirect Participant given to the Depositary in accordance with the Applicable Procedures directing the Depositary to cause to be issued a Definitive Note in an amount equal to the beneficial interest to be transferred or exchanged
and (2) instructions given by the Depositary to the Security Registrar containing information regarding the Person in whose name such Definitive Note shall be registered to effect the transfer or exchange referred to in (1) above. Upon
satisfaction of all of the requirements for transfer or exchange of beneficial interests in Global Notes contained in the Base Indenture, this Thirty-Second Supplemental Indenture and the Notes or otherwise applicable under the Securities Act, the
Security Registrar shall adjust the principal amount of the relevant Global Notes pursuant to Section 2.08 hereof. 

-11- 

(b) Upon request by a Holder of Definitive Notes and such Holders compliance with the
provisions of this Section 2.07(b), the Security Registrar shall register the transfer or exchange of Definitive Notes. Prior to such registration of transfer or exchange, the requesting Holder shall present or surrender to the Trustee the
Definitive Notes duly endorsed or accompanied by a written instruction of transfer in form satisfactory to the Security Registrar duly executed by such Holder or by its attorney, duly authorized in writing. The Trustee shall cancel any such
Definitive Notes so surrendered, and the Company shall execute and, upon receipt of a Company Order pursuant to Section 303 of the Base Indenture, the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver to the Person designated in the instructions a new
Definitive Note in the appropriate principal amount. Any Definitive Note issued pursuant to this Section 2.07(b) shall be registered in such name or names and in such authorized denomination or denominations as the Holder of such beneficial
interest shall instruct the Security Registrar through instructions from the Depositary and the Participant or Indirect Participant. The Trustee shall deliver such Definitive Notes to the Persons in whose names such Definitive Notes are so
registered. In addition, the requesting Holder shall provide any additional certifications, documents and information, as applicable, required pursuant to Section 305 of the Base Indenture. 

Section 2.08 Cancellation and/or Adjustment of Global Notes. At such time as all beneficial interests in a particular Global Note
have been exchanged for Definitive Notes or a particular Global Note has been redeemed, repurchased or cancelled in whole and not in part, each such Global Note shall be returned to or retained and cancelled by the Trustee in accordance with
Section 309 of the Base Indenture. At any time prior to such cancellation, if any beneficial interest in a Global Note is exchanged for or transferred to a Person who will take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in another
Global Note or for Definitive Notes, the principal amount of Securities represented by such Global Note shall be reduced accordingly and an endorsement shall be made on such Global Note by the Trustee or by the Depositary at the direction of the
Trustee to reflect such reduction; and if the beneficial interest is being exchanged for or transferred to a Person who will take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in another Global Note, such other Global Note shall be increased
accordingly and an endorsement shall be made on such Global Note by the Security Registrar or by the Depositary at the direction of the Security Registrar to reflect such increase. 

ARTICLE III 

REDEMPTION OF THE NOTES 

Section 3.01 Optional Redemption by the Company. 

(a) Prior to the Maturity Date, the Company shall have the right to redeem the Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from
time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of: 

(i) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to
the Redemption Date (assuming the Notes matured on the Maturity Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury
Rate plus 10 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the Redemption Date; and 

-12- 

(ii) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed; 

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the Redemption Date. 

(b) Unless the Company defaults in payment of the Redemption Price, on and after the Redemption Date, interest shall cease to accrue on any
Notes or portions thereof that are called for redemption. 

(c) Notices of redemption pursuant to this Section 3.01 shall be mailed
(or, in the case of Notes held in book-entry form, be transmitted electronically) at least ten (10) but not more than sixty (60) days before the Redemption Date to each Holder of the Notes to be redeemed at its registered address. The
Company shall calculate the Redemption Price and shall deliver an Officers Certificate to the Trustee setting forth the Redemption Price no later than two Business Days prior to the Redemption Date. 

(d) If less than all of the Notes are to be redeemed at any time, the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by lot by DTC, in the case of
Global Notes, or by the Trustee by a method the Trustee deems to be fair and appropriate, in the case of Notes that are not represented by a Global Note. 

(e) Notice of any redemption may, at the Companys discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, including, but not limited
to, completion of an equity offering, a financing, or other corporate transaction. In addition, if such redemption or notice is subject to satisfaction of one or more conditions precedent, such notice shall state that, in the Companys
discretion, such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied by the Redemption Date. 

ARTICLE IV 

CHANGE
OF CONTROL 

Section 4.01 Repurchase at the Option of Holders Upon Change of Control Repurchase Event. 

(a) If a Change of Control Repurchase Event occurs, unless the Company has exercised its right to redeem the Notes pursuant to the Indenture,
the Company shall be required to make an offer (a Change of Control Offer) to each Holder of the Notes to repurchase all or any part (in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof) of that
Holders Notes at a repurchase price in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes repurchased plus any accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes repurchased to, but not including, the date of such repurchase. 

-13- 

(b) Within thirty (30) days following any Change of Control Repurchase Event or, at the
option of the Company, prior to any Change of Control, but after the public announcement of an impending Change of Control, the Company shall mail a notice to each Holder, with a copy to the Trustee, describing the transaction or transactions that
constitute or may constitute the Change of Control Repurchase Event and offering to repurchase the Notes on the payment date specified in the notice, which date shall be no earlier than thirty (30) days and no later than sixty (60) days
from the date such notice is mailed. The notice shall, if mailed prior to the date of consummation of the Change of Control, state that the offer to purchase is conditioned on the Change of Control Repurchase Event occurring on or prior to the
payment date specified in the notice. 

(c) The Company shall comply with the requirements of Rule
14e-1 under the Exchange Act, and any other securities laws and regulations thereunder, to the extent those laws and regulations are applicable in connection with the repurchase of the Notes as a result of a
Change of Control Repurchase Event. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with the Change of Control Repurchase Event provisions of the Notes, the Company shall comply with the applicable securities laws
and regulations and shall not be deemed to have breached its obligations under the Change of Control Repurchase Event provisions of the Notes or the Indenture by virtue of such conflict. 

(d) On the Change of Control Repurchase Event payment date, the Company shall, to the extent lawful: 

(i) accept for payment all the Notes or portions of the Notes (in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of
$1,000 in excess thereof) properly tendered pursuant to its offer; 

(ii) deposit with the Paying Agent an amount equal to
the aggregate purchase price in respect of all the Notes or portions of the Notes properly tendered; and 

(iii) deliver or
cause to be delivered to the Trustee for cancellation the Notes properly accepted, together with an Officers Certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of Notes being repurchased by the Company. 

(e) The Paying Agent shall promptly mail to each Holder of Notes properly tendered the purchase price for the Notes, and the Trustee shall
promptly authenticate and mail (or, if a Global Note, to be adjusted on the Schedule of Exchanges attached thereto) to each Holder a new Note equal in principal amount to any unpurchased portion of any Notes surrendered; provided, that each new
Note shall be in minimum denominations of $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof. 

(f) The Company shall not be
required to make a Change of Control Offer upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event if (i) a third party makes such an offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for a Change of Control Offer made by
the Company and such third party purchases all Notes properly tendered and not withdrawn under its offer or (ii) the Company has previously or concurrently mailed a redemption notice with respect to all of the outstanding Notes pursuant to
Section 3.01(c). 

-14- 

(g) If Holders of not less than 90% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes
validly tender and do not withdraw such Notes in a Change of Control Offer and the Company, or any third party making such an offer in lieu of the Company pursuant to subsection (f) of this Section 4.01, purchases all of the Notes validly
tendered and not withdrawn by such Holders, the Company or such third party will have the right, upon not less than ten (10) days nor more than sixty (60) days prior notice, provided that such notice is given not more than thirty
(30) days following such repurchase pursuant to subsection (b) of this Section 4.01, to redeem all Notes that remain outstanding following such purchase on a date specified in such notice (the Second Change of Control Payment
Date) and at a price in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of Notes repurchased plus any accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes repurchased to, but not including, the Second Change of Control Payment Date. 

ARTICLE V 

COVENANTS 

Section 5.01 Limitation on Liens. 

(a) The Company shall not, and shall not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, issue, assume or guarantee any Indebtedness secured by any
Mortgage upon any Principal Property of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary without equally and ratably securing the Notes (and, if the Company so determines, any other Indebtedness ranking equally with the Notes) with such Indebtedness;
provided, however, that the foregoing restrictions shall not prevent the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary from issuing, assuming or guaranteeing any Indebtedness secured by a Permitted Mortgage. 

(b) Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection (a) of this Section 5.01, the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary may, in addition
to Mortgages permitted by subsection (a) of this Section 5.01 and without equally and ratably securing the Notes, create or assume and renew, extend or replace Mortgages which would otherwise be subject to such subsection (a), provided
that at the time of such creation, assumption, renewal, extension or replacement, and after giving effect thereto, Exempted Debt does not exceed 15% of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets. 

Section 5.02 Limitations on Sale and Leaseback Transactions. 

(a) The Company shall not, and shall not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, enter into any Sale and Leaseback Transaction without equally
and ratably securing the Notes (and, if the Company so determines, any other Indebtedness ranking equally with the Notes) unless: 

(i) within 180 days after the receipt of the proceeds of such sale or transfer, the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary
applies an amount equal to the greater of the net proceeds of such sale or transfer or the fair value of such Principal Property at the time of such sale or transfer to any (or a combination) of (1) the prepayment or retirement (other than any
mandatory prepayment or retirement) of Senior Funded Debt of the Company or (2) the purchase, construction, development, expansion or improvement of other comparable property, subject in each case to credits for voluntary retirements of Senior
Funded Debt of the Company; or 

-15- 

(ii) the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary would be entitled, at the
effective date of such sale or transfer, to incur Indebtedness secured by a Mortgage on such Principal Property, in an amount at least equal to the Attributable Debt in respect of the Sale and Leaseback Transaction, without equally and ratably
securing the Notes pursuant to the provisions of Section 5.01 above. 

The foregoing restriction shall not apply to any Sale and
Leaseback Transaction (w) for a term of not more than three years including renewals, (x) with respect to a Principal Property if a binding commitment is entered into with respect to such Sale and Leaseback Transaction within three years
after the later of (1) February 10, 2025 or (2) the date when the applicable Principal Property was acquired, (y) with respect to a Principal Property if a binding commitment with respect thereto is entered into within 180 days
after the later of the date such property was acquired and, if applicable, the date such property was first placed in operation, or (z) between the Company and any Restricted Subsidiary or between Restricted Subsidiaries. 

(b) Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection (a) of this Section 5.02, the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary may, in addition
to Sale and Leaseback Transactions permitted by subsection (a) of this Section 5.02 and without equally and ratably securing the Notes, create or assume and renew, extend or replace Mortgages, or enter into any Sale and Leaseback
Transaction without any obligation to retire any Senior Funded Debt of the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary, provided that, at the time of such creation, assumption, renewal, extension or replacement of a Mortgage or at the time of entering into
such Sale and Leaseback Transaction, and after giving effect thereto, Exempted Debt does not exceed 15% of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets. 

ARTICLE VI 

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 

Section 6.01 Ratification of Base Indenture. This Thirty-Second Supplemental Indenture is executed and shall be construed as an
indenture supplemental to the Base Indenture, and as supplemented and modified hereby, the Base Indenture is in all respects ratified and confirmed, and the Base Indenture and this Thirty-Second Supplemental Indenture shall be read, taken and
construed as one and the same instrument. 

Section 6.02 Conflict with Trust Indenture Act. If any provision hereof limits,
qualifies or conflicts with another provision hereof, or with a provision of the Base Indenture, which is required to be included in this Thirty-Second Supplemental Indenture, or in the Base Indenture, respectively, by any of the provisions of the
Trust Indenture Act, such required provision shall control to the extent it is applicable. 

Section 6.03 Effect of Headings.
The Article and Section headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof. 

-16- 

Section 6.04 Successors and Assigns. All covenants and agreements in this
Thirty-Second Supplemental Indenture by the Company shall bind its successors and assigns, whether so expressed or not. 

Section 6.05
Separability Clause. In case any one or more of the provisions contained in this Thirty-Second Supplemental Indenture or in the Notes shall for any reason be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality
and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 

Section 6.06 Governing
Law. THIS THIRTY-SECOND SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE AND THE NOTES SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. WITHOUT REGARD TO ITS PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAWS (OTHER THAN SECTION 5-1401 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK), EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT THE TRUST INDENTURE ACT IS APPLICABLE, IN WHICH CASE THE TRUST INDENTURE ACT WILL GOVERN. 

Section 6.07 Counterparts. This Thirty-Second Supplemental Indenture shall be valid, binding, and enforceable against a party when
executed and delivered by an authorized individual on behalf of the party by means of (i) an original manual signature; (ii) a faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature; or (iii) any other electronic signature permitted by the
Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, state enactments of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, and/or any other relevant electronic signatures law, including any relevant provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code, in
each case to the extent applicable. Each faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or other electronic signature, shall for all purposes have the same validity, legal effect, and admissibility in evidence as an original manual signature. Each
party hereto shall be entitled to conclusively rely upon, and shall have no liability with respect to, any faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or other electronic signature, of any other party and shall have no duty to investigate,
confirm or otherwise verify the validity or authenticity thereof. This Thirty-Second Supplemental Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts, and each of such counterparts shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original, but all such
counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument. 

[Signature page follows] 

-17- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Thirty-Second Supplemental Indenture
to be duly executed, all as of the day and year first above written. 

STRYKER CORPORATION

By: /s/ Lindsay Gardner

Name: Lindsay Gardner

Title: Vice President, Treasurer

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY,

NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

By: /s/ James Kowalski

Name: James Kowalski

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to Thirty-Second Supplemental Indenture]

EXHIBIT A 

[Form of Face of 2027 Note] 

THIS
SECURITY IS A GLOBAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE THEREOF. THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE EXCHANGED IN WHOLE OR IN PART FOR A SECURITY REGISTERED, AND NO
TRANSFER OF THIS SECURITY IN WHOLE OR IN PART MAY BE REGISTERED, IN THE NAME OF ANY PERSON OTHER THAN SUCH DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE THEREOF, EXCEPT IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED IN THE INDENTURE. 

UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION
(DTC), TO THE COMPANY OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE, OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF
DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE
REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 

STRYKER CORPORATION 

4.550% Notes due 2027 

No. CUSIP NO. 863667 BJ9

$ 

Stryker Corporation, a Michigan corporation (herein called the Company, which term includes any
successor Person under the Indenture hereinafter referred to), for value received, hereby promises to pay to Cede & Co., or registered assigns, the principal sum of Dollars on February 10, 2027 and to pay
interest thereon from February 10, 2025 or from the most recent Interest Payment Date to which interest has been paid or duly provided for, semi-annually on February 10 and August 10 in each year, commencing on August 10, 2025,
at the rate of 4.550% per annum, until the principal hereof is paid or made available for payment. The interest so payable, and punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date will, as provided in such Indenture, be paid to the
Person in whose name this Security is registered at the close of business on the Regular Record Date for such interest, which shall be the January 27 or July 27 (whether or not a Business Day), as the case may be, next preceding such
Interest Payment Date. Any such interest not so punctually paid or duly provided for will forthwith cease to be payable to the Holder on such Regular Record Date and may either be paid to the Person in whose name this Security is registered at the
close of business on a Special Record Date for the payment of such Defaulted Interest to be fixed by the Trustee, notice whereof shall be given to Holders of Securities of this series not less than 10 days prior to such Special Record Date, or be
paid at any time in any other lawful manner not inconsistent with the requirements of any securities exchange on which the Securities of this series may be listed, and upon such notice as may be required by such exchange, all as more fully provided
in said Indenture. 

A-1 

Payment of the principal of (and premium, if any) and any such interest on this Security
will be made at the office or agency of the Company maintained for that purpose in The City of New York, State of New York or at the office or agency of the Paying Agent in The City of New York, State of New York, in such coin or currency of the
United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts; provided, however, that at the option of the Company payment of interest may be made by (i) check mailed to the address of the Person
entitled thereto as such address shall appear in the Security Register or (ii) wire transfer in immediately available funds to the place and account designated in writing by the Person entitled to such payment as specified in the Security
Register; and provided further, that if this Security is a Global Note, payment may be made pursuant to the Applicable Procedures of the Depositary as permitted in the Indenture. 

Reference is hereby made to the further provisions of this Security set forth on the reverse hereof, which further provisions shall for all
purposes have the same effect as if set forth at this place. 

Unless the certificate of authentication hereof has been executed by the
Trustee referred to on the reverse hereof by manual, facsimile or electronic signature, this Security shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed under its corporate seal. 

STRYKER CORPORATION

By: 

Name:

Title:

Attest:

By: 

Name:

Title:

A-2 

CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION 

This is one of the Securities of the series designated therein referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture. 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

As Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signatory

Dated:

A-3 

[Form of Reverse of 2027 Note] 

This Security is one of a duly authorized issue of securities of the Company (herein called the Securities), issued and to be
issued in one or more series under an Indenture, dated as of January 15, 2010 (the Base Indenture), as supplemented by the Thirty-Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 10, 2025 (the Supplemental
Indenture and, together with the Base Indenture, the Indenture), between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, a nationally chartered banking association, as Trustee (herein called the Trustee,
which term includes any successor trustee under the Indenture), and reference is hereby made to the Indenture for a statement of the respective rights, limitations of rights, duties and immunities thereunder of the Company, the Trustee and the
Holders of the Securities and of the terms upon which the Securities are, and are to be, authenticated and delivered. This Security is one of the series designated on the face hereof, initially limited in aggregate principal amount to $500,000,000,
provided that the Company may, without the consent of any Holder, at any time and from time to time increase the initial principal amount. 

The Securities of this series are subject to redemption as provided in Section 3.01 of the Supplemental Indenture and Article XI of the
Base Indenture. 

This Security will not be subject to any sinking fund. 

The Indenture contains provisions for defeasance at any time of the entire indebtedness of this Security or certain restrictive covenants and
Events of Default with respect to this Security, in each case upon compliance with certain conditions set forth in the Indenture. 

If an
Event of Default with respect to Securities of this series shall occur and be continuing, the principal of the Securities of this series may be declared due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture. 

The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations
of the Company and the rights of the Holders of the Securities of each series to be affected under the Indenture at any time by the Company and the Trustee with the consent of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Securities at the
time Outstanding of each series to be affected. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the Holders of specified percentages in principal amount of the Securities of each series at the time Outstanding, on behalf of the Holders of all
Securities of such series, to waive compliance by the Company with certain provisions of the Indenture and certain past defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or waiver by the Holder of this Security shall be
conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Security and of any Security issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange herefor or in lieu hereof, whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is
made upon this Security. 

As provided in and subject to the provisions of the Indenture, the Holder of this Security shall not have the
right to institute any proceeding with respect to the Indenture or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee or for any other remedy thereunder, unless such Holder shall have previously given the Trustee written notice of a continuing Event of
Default with respect to 

R-1 

the Securities of this series, the Holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of the Securities of this series at the time Outstanding shall have made written request to the Trustee to
institute proceedings in respect of such Event of Default as Trustee and offered the Trustee reasonable indemnity, and the Trustee shall not have received from the Holders of a majority in principal amount of Securities of this series at the time
Outstanding a direction inconsistent with such request, and shall have failed to institute any such proceeding, for 60 days after receipt of such notice, request and offer of indemnity. The foregoing shall not apply to any suit instituted by the
Holder of this Security for the enforcement of any payment of principal hereof or any premium or interest hereon on or after the respective due dates expressed herein. 

No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Security or of the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the
Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of and any premium and interest on this Security at the times, place and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed. 

As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, the transfer of this Security is registrable in the
Security Register, upon surrender of this Security for registration of transfer at the office or agency of the Company in any place where the principal of and any premium and interest on this Security are payable, duly endorsed by, or accompanied by
a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Security Registrar duly executed by, the Holder hereof or his attorney duly authorized in writing, and thereupon one or more new Securities of this series and of like
tenor, of authorized denominations and for the same aggregate principal amount, will be issued to the designated transferee or transferees. 

The Securities of this series are issuable only in registered form without coupons in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral amounts of
$1,000 in excess thereof. As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, Securities of this series are exchangeable for a like aggregate principal amount of Securities of this series and of like tenor of a
different authorized denomination, as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. 

No service charge shall be made for any such
registration of transfer or exchange, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge payable in connection therewith. 

Prior to due presentment of this Security for registration of transfer, the Company, the Trustee and any agent of the Company or the Trustee
may treat the Person in whose name this Security is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether or not this Security be overdue, and neither the Company, the Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary. 

THE SECURITIES OF THIS SERIES SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. WITHOUT REGARD
TO ITS PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAWS (OTHER THAN SECTION 5-1401 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK), EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT THE TRUST INDENTURE ACT IS APPLICABLE, IN WHICH CASE THE
TRUST INDENTURE ACT WILL GOVERN. 

R-2 

This Security shall be valid, binding, and enforceable against a party when executed,
delivered and/or authenticated, as applicable, by an authorized individual on behalf of the party by means of (i) an original manual signature; (ii) a faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature; or (iii) any other electronic
signature permitted by the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, state enactments of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, and/or any other relevant electronic signatures law, including any relevant provisions of the
Uniform Commercial Code, in each case to the extent applicable. Each faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or other electronic signature, shall for all purposes have the same validity, legal effect, and admissibility in evidence as an
original manual signature. Each party hereto shall be entitled to conclusively rely upon, and shall have no liability with respect to, any faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or other electronic signature, of any other party and shall
have no duty to investigate, confirm or otherwise verify the validity or authenticity thereof. 

All terms used in this Security which are
defined in the Indenture shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture. 

R-3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d907608dex43.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.3
<TEXT>
EX-4.3

Exhibit 4.3 

Execution Version 

Stryker Corporation 

and 

U.S. Bank Trust
Company, National Association, 

as Trustee 

Thirty-Third Supplemental Indenture 

Dated as of February 10, 2025 

to Senior Debt Indenture 

Dated as
of January 15, 2010 

Establishing a series of Securities designated 

4.700% Notes due 2028 

Table of Contents 

Page 

ARTICLE I 

DEFINITIONS AND INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE 

Section 1.01 Relation to Base Indenture 1 

Section 1.02 Definitions 2 

ARTICLE II 

CREATION, FORMS, TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 

Section 2.01 Creation of the Notes 9 

Section 2.02 Form of the Notes 9 

Section 2.03 Terms and Conditions of the Notes 10 

Section 2.04 Ranking 11 

Section 2.05 Sinking Fund 11 

Section 2.06 Place of Payment 11 

Section 2.07 Transfer and Exchange 11 

Section 2.08 Cancellation and/or Adjustment of Global Notes 12 

ARTICLE III 

REDEMPTION OF THE NOTES 

Section 3.01 Optional Redemption by the Company 12 

ARTICLE IV 

CHANGE OF CONTROL 

Section 4.01 Repurchase at the Option of Holders Upon Change of Control Repurchase Event 13 

ARTICLE V 

COVENANTS 

Section 5.01 

Limitation on Liens 15 

Section 5.02 

Limitations on Sale and Leaseback Transactions 15 

-i- 

ARTICLE VI 

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 

Section 6.01 

Ratification of Base Indenture 16 

Section 6.02 

Conflict with Trust Indenture Act 16 

Section 6.03 

Effect of Headings 17 

Section 6.04 

Successors and Assigns 17 

Section 6.05 

Separability Clause 17 

Section 6.06 

Governing Law 17 

Section 6.07 

Counterparts 17 

-ii- 

THIRTY-THIRD SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, dated as of February 10, 2025 (this
Thirty-Third Supplemental Indenture), between Stryker Corporation, a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the State of Michigan (herein called the Company), having its principal office at 1941 Stryker
Way, Portage, Michigan, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, a nationally chartered banking association, as trustee (herein called the Trustee). 

RECITALS OF THE COMPANY 

WHEREAS, the Company and the Trustee have heretofore executed and delivered an Indenture, dated as of January 15, 2010 (the Base
Indenture and, together with this Thirty-Third Supplemental Indenture, the Indenture), providing for the issuance from time to time of the Companys debentures, notes or other evidences of indebtedness (herein and therein
called the Securities), to be issued in one or more series as provided in the Base Indenture; 

WHEREAS, Section 901 of
the Base Indenture permits the Company and the Trustee to enter into a supplemental indenture to the Base Indenture to establish the form and terms of any series of Securities; 

WHEREAS, Section 201 of the Base Indenture permits the form of Securities of any series to be established in a supplemental indenture to
the Base Indenture; 

WHEREAS, Section 301 of the Base Indenture permits certain terms of any series of Securities to be established
pursuant to a supplemental indenture to the Base Indenture; 

WHEREAS, pursuant to Sections 201 and 301 of the Base Indenture, the Company
desires to provide for the establishment of a new series of Securities in an aggregate principal amount of $700,000,000 to be designated the 4.700% Notes due 2028 (hereinafter called the Notes) under the Base Indenture, the
form and substance of such Notes and the terms, provisions and conditions thereof to be set forth as provided in the Base Indenture and this Thirty-Third Supplemental Indenture; and 

WHEREAS, all things necessary to make this Thirty-Third Supplemental Indenture a valid agreement of the Company, in accordance with its
terms, have been done; 

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the foregoing and the purchase of the Notes established by this
Thirty-Third Supplemental Indenture by the holders thereof (the Holders), it is mutually agreed, for the equal and proportionate benefit of all such Holders, as follows: 

ARTICLE I 

DEFINITIONS AND INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE 

Section 1.01 Relation to Base Indenture. This Thirty-Third Supplemental Indenture constitutes a part of the Base Indenture (the
provisions of which, as modified by this Thirty-Third Supplemental Indenture, shall apply to the Notes) in respect of the Notes but shall not modify, amend or otherwise affect the Base Indenture insofar as it relates to any other series of
Securities or modify, amend or otherwise affect in any manner the terms and conditions of the Securities of any other series. 

Section 1.02 Definitions. For all purposes of this Thirty-Third Supplemental
Indenture, the capitalized terms used herein (i) which are defined in this Section 1.02 have the respective meanings assigned hereto in this Section 1.02 and (ii) which are defined in the Base Indenture (and which are not defined
in this Section 1.02) have the respective meanings assigned thereto in the Base Indenture. For all purposes of this Thirty-Third Supplemental Indenture: 

(a) Unless the context otherwise requires, any reference to an Article or Section refers to an Article or Section, as the case may be, of
this Thirty-Third Supplemental Indenture; 

(b) The words herein, hereof and hereunder and words of
similar import refer to this Thirty-Third Supplemental Indenture as a whole and not to any particular Article, Section or other subdivision; 

(c) Headings are for convenience or reference only and do not affect interpretations; and 

(d) The terms defined in this Section 1.02(d) have the meanings assigned to them in this Section and include the plural as well as
the singular: 

Applicable Procedures has the meaning set forth in Section 2.07(a). 

Attributable Debt in respect of a Sale and Leaseback Transaction means, at the time of determination, the present value
(discounted at the imputed rate of interest of such transaction as determined in good faith by the Company) of the obligation of the lessee for net rental payments during the remaining term of the lease included in such Sale and Leaseback
Transaction (including any period for which such lease has been extended or may, at the option of the lessor, be extended). The term net rental payments under any lease for any period means the sum of the rental and other payments
required to be paid in such period by the lessee thereunder, not including any amounts required to be paid by such lessee (whether or not designated as rental or additional rent) on account of maintenance and repairs, insurance, taxes, assessments,
water rates or similar charges required to be paid by such lessee thereunder or any amount required to be paid by lessee thereunder contingent upon the amount of maintenance and repairs, insurance, taxes, assessments, water rates or similar charges.
In the case of any lease that is terminable by the lessee upon the payment of a penalty, such net amount shall be the lesser of (x) the net amount determined assuming termination upon the first date such lease may be terminated (in which case
the net amount shall also include the amount of the penalty, but shall not include any rent that would be required to be paid under such lease subsequent to the first date upon which it may be so terminated) or (y) the net amount determined
assuming no such termination. 

Base Indenture has the meaning given to such term in the recitals hereof. 

-2- 

Below Investment Grade Rating Event means the Notes are rated below Investment
Grade by each of the Rating Agencies on any date during the period commencing upon the first public notice of the occurrence of a Change of Control or the Companys intention to effect a Change of Control and ending 60 days following public
notice of the occurrence of the related Change of Control (which period shall be extended so long as the rating of the Notes is under publicly announced consideration for possible downgrade by any of the Rating Agencies, provided that no such
extension shall occur if on such 60th day the Notes are rated Investment Grade by at least one of such Rating Agency and are not subject to review for possible downgrade by such Rating Agency);
provided further that a Below Investment Grade Rating Event otherwise arising by virtue of a particular reduction in rating shall not be deemed to have occurred in respect of a particular Change of Control (and thus shall not be deemed a Below
Investment Grade Rating Event for purposes of the definition of Change of Control Repurchase Event hereunder) if the Rating Agencies making the reduction in rating to which this definition would otherwise apply do not announce or publicly confirm or
inform the Trustee in writing at its request that the reduction was the result, in whole or in part, of any event or circumstance comprised of or arising as a result of, or in respect of, the applicable Change of Control (whether or not the
applicable Change of Control shall have occurred at the time of the Below Investment Grade Rating Event). 

Business Day means
any day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, that is neither a legal holiday nor a day on which the Trustee or banking institutions in The City of New York are authorized or required by law or regulation to close. 

Change of Control means the occurrence of any of the following: 

1. the direct or indirect sale, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger or consolidation), in
one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the Companys assets and those of the Companys Subsidiaries taken as a whole to any person (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange
Act), other than the Company or one of the Companys Subsidiaries; 

2. the adoption of a plan relating to the
Companys liquidation or dissolution; 

3. the consummation of any transaction (including, without limitation, any
merger or consolidation) the result of which is that any person (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), other than the Company or one or more of its Subsidiaries, becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in
Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the then outstanding number of shares of the Companys Voting Stock. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction shall not be considered to be a Change of Control if (a) the Company becomes a direct or
indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of a holding company and (b)(i) immediately following that transaction, the direct or indirect holders of the Voting Stock of the holding company are substantially the same as the holders of the Companys Voting
Stock immediately prior to that transaction or (ii) immediately following that transaction, no person is the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the Voting Stock of such holding company. 

Change of Control Repurchase Event means the occurrence of both a Change of Control and a Below Investment Grade Rating Event.

-3- 

Company has the meaning given to such term in the preamble hereof. 

Consolidated Net Tangible Assets means the total amounts of assets (less depreciation and valuation reserves and other reserves
and items deductible from gross book value of specific asset accounts under generally accepted accounting principles) that under generally accepted accounting principles would be included on a consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its
consolidated Restricted Subsidiaries after deducting (1) all current liabilities, excluding current liabilities that could be classified as long-term debt under generally accepted accounting principles and current liabilities that are by their
terms extendable or renewable at the obligors option to a time more than 12 months after the time as of which the amount of current liabilities is being computed; (2) Investments in Unrestricted Subsidiaries; and (3) all trade names,
trademarks, licenses, patents, copyrights and goodwill, organizational and development costs, deferred charges, other than prepaid items such as insurance, taxes, interest, commissions, rents and similar items and tangible assets being amortized,
and amortized debt discount and expense, less unamortized premium. 

Definitive Notes means certificated Notes registered in
the name of the Holder thereof and issued in accordance with Section 2.02 hereof, substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto, except that such Security shall not bear the Global Note Legend. 

Depositary means, with respect to Global Notes issued under this Thirty-Third Supplemental Indenture, DTC. 

Dollar and $ means the lawful currency of the United States of America. 

DTC means The Depository Trust Company, its nominees and their successors and assigns. 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time. 

Exempted Debt means the sum of the following items outstanding as of the date Exempted Debt is being determined
(1) Indebtedness of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries secured by a Mortgage and not permitted to exist under the Indenture and (2) Attributable Debt of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries in respect of all Sale and
Leaseback Transactions not permitted under the Indenture. 

Funded Debt means Indebtedness that matures more than one year from
the date of creation, or that is extendable or renewable at the sole option of the obligor so that it may become payable more than one year from such date. Funded Debt does not include (1) obligations created pursuant to leases, (2) any
Indebtedness or portion thereof maturing by its terms within one year from the time of any computation of the amount of outstanding Funded Debt unless such Indebtedness shall be extendable or renewable at the sole option of the obligor in such
manner that it may become payable more than one year from such time, or (3) any Indebtedness for the payment or redemption of which money in the necessary amount shall have been deposited in trust either at or before the maturity date thereof.

-4- 

Global Note means a single permanent fully-registered global note in book-entry
form, without coupons, substantially in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto. 

Global Note Legend means the legend set
forth in Section 202 of the Base Indenture. 

Holders has the meaning given to such term in the recitals hereof. 

Indebtedness means any and all of the obligations of a Person for money borrowed that in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles would be reflected on the balance sheet of such Person as a liability as of the date of which the Indebtedness is to be determined. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a change in generally accepted accounting principles subsequent
to November 30, 2018 shall not be deemed an incurrence of Indebtedness. 

Indenture has the meaning given to such term in
the recitals hereof. 

Indirect Participant means a Person who holds a beneficial interest in a Global Note through a
Participant. 

Interest Payment Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(c). 

Investment means any investment in stock, evidences of Indebtedness, loans or advances, however made or acquired, but does not
include the Companys account receivable or the accounts receivable of any Restricted Subsidiary arising from transactions in the ordinary course of business, or any evidences of Indebtedness, loans or advance made in connection with the sale
to any Subsidiary of the Companys accounts receivable or the accounts receivable of any Restricted Subsidiary arising from transactions in the ordinary course of business. 

Investment Grade means a rating of Baa3 or better by Moodys (or its equivalent under any successor rating categories of
Moodys) and a rating of BBB- or better by S&P (or its equivalent under any successor rating categories of S&P) or the equivalent investment grade credit rating from any additional Rating Agency
or Rating Agencies selected by the Company. 

Maturity Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(b) hereof. 

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service Inc., a subsidiary of Moodys Corporation, and its successors. 

Mortgage means any mortgage, security interest, pledge, lien or other encumbrance. 

Notes has the meaning given to such term in the recitals hereof. 

Participant means, with respect to the Depositary, a Person who has an account with the Depositary. 

Par Call Date has the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(a). 

-5- 

Permitted Mortgage means (a) any purchase money mortgage on such Principal
Property prior to, simultaneously with or within 180 days after the later of (1) the acquisition or completion of construction or completion of substantial reconstruction, renovation, remodeling, expansion or improvement (each, a
substantial improvement) of such Principal Property or (2) the placing in operation of such property after the acquisition or completion of any such construction or substantial improvement; (b) Mortgages on a Principal Property
existing at the time of acquisition, including acquisition through merger or consolidation; (c) Mortgages existing on the date of the initial issuance of the Notes, Mortgages on assets of a corporation or other business entity existing on the
date it becomes a Restricted Subsidiary or is merged or consolidated with the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary or at the time the corporation or other business entity sells, leases or otherwise disposes of its property as an entirety or
substantially as an entirety to the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary or Mortgages on the assets of a Subsidiary that is newly designated as a Restricted Subsidiary if the Mortgage would have been permitted under the provisions of this paragraph if
such Mortgage was created while the Subsidiary was a Restricted Subsidiary; (d) Mortgages in favor of the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary; (e) Mortgages for taxes, assessments or governmental charges or levies that are not delinquent or
that are being contested in good faith; (f) carriers, warehousemens, materialmens, repairmens, mechanics, landlords and other similar Mortgages arising in ordinary course of business that are not delinquent
or remain payable without penalty or that are being contested in good faith; (g) Mortgages (other than any Mortgage imposed by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974) consisting of pledges or deposits required in the ordinary
course of business in connection with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security legislation; (h) easements, rights-of-way,
restrictions, encroachments, imperfections and other similar encumbrances affecting real property that, in the aggregate, are not substantial in amount and do not in any case materially detract from the value of the Principal Property subject
thereto or materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the Company and its Subsidiaries business, taken as a whole; (i) Mortgages arising by reason of deposits with, or the giving of any form of security to, any governmental agency
or any body created or approved by law or governmental regulation, including any zoning or similar law or right reserved to or vested in any governmental office or agency to control or regulate the use of any real property; (j) Mortgages
arising from filing Uniform Commercial Code financing statements relating solely to leases; and (k) Mortgages to secure Indebtedness incurred to extend, renew, refinance or replace Indebtedness secured by any Mortgages referred to above,
provided that the principal amount of the extended, renewed, refinanced or replaced Indebtedness does not exceed the principal amount of Indebtedness so extended, renewed, refinanced or replaced, plus transaction costs and fees, and that any such
Mortgage applies only to the same property or assets subject to the prior permitted Mortgage (and, in the case of real property, improvements). 

Principal Property means all real property and improvements thereon owned by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary, including,
without limitation, any manufacturing, warehouse, distribution or research facility, and improvements therein, having a net book value in excess of 2% of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets that is located within the United States, excluding its
territories and possessions and Puerto Rico. This term does not include any real property and improvements thereon that the Companys Board of Directors declares by resolution not to be of material importance to the total business conducted by
the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole. 

Rating Agency means (1) each of Moodys and S&P;
and (2) if any of Moodys or S&P ceases to rate the Notes or fails to make a rating of the Notes publicly available for reasons outside of the Companys control, a nationally recognized statistical rating organization
within the meaning of Section 3(a)(62) under the Exchange Act, selected by the Company as a replacement agency for Moodys or S&P, or both of them, as the case may be. 

-6- 

Redemption Date means the Business Day on which Notes are redeemed by the
Company pursuant to Section 3.01 hereof. 

Redemption Price has the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(a). 

Registered Securities means any Securities which are registered in the Security Register. 

Regular Record Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(c). 

Restricted Subsidiary means a Subsidiary that owns a Principal Property. 

S&P means S&P Global Ratings Inc., a division of S&P Global Inc. and its successors. 

Sale and Leaseback Transaction means an arrangement with any Person providing for the leasing by the Company or any Restricted
Subsidiary of any Principal Property owned or acquired thereafter that has been or is to be sold or transferred by the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary to such Person with the intention of taking back a lease of such Principal Property. 

Securities has the meaning given to such term in the recitals hereof. 

Senior Funded Debt means all Funded Debt (except Funded Debt, the payment of which is subordinated to the payment of the Notes).

Subsidiary means a corporation, partnership or other legal entity of which, in the case of a corporation, more than 50% of
the outstanding voting stock is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company or by one or more other Subsidiaries, or by the Company and one or more other Subsidiaries or, in the case of any partnership or other legal entity, more than 50% of the
ordinary capital interests is, at the time, directly or indirectly owned or controlled by the Company or by one or more other Subsidiaries. For the purposes of this definition, voting stock means the equity interest that ordinarily has
voting power for the election of directors, managers or trustees of an entity, or persons performing similar functions, whether at all times or only so long as no senior class of equity interest has such voting power by reason of any contingency.

Treasury Rate means, with respect to any Redemption Date, the yield determined by the Company in accordance with the
following two paragraphs: 

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Company after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or
after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third business day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that
appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by 

-7- 

the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily) - H.15 (or any successor designation or publication) (H.15) under the
caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption or heading) (H.15 TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Company shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield
for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to the Par Call Date (the Remaining Life); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining
Life, the two yields one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Life and shall
interpolate to the Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer
than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity
date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the redemption date. 

If on the third business day preceding the redemption date H.15 TCM is no longer published, the Company shall calculate the
Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second business day preceding such redemption date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or with
a maturity that is closest to, the Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from the
Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the Par Call Date, the Company shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date. If there are
two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Company shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury
securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in
accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00
a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. 

Trustee has the
meaning given to such term in the preamble hereof. 

Unrestricted Subsidiary means any Subsidiary other than a Restricted
Subsidiary. 

Voting Stock of any specified Person as of any date means the capital stock of such Person that is at the time
entitled to vote generally in the election of the board of directors of such Person. 

-8- 

ARTICLE II 

CREATION, FORMS, TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 

Section 2.01 Creation of the Notes. In accordance with Section 301 of the Base Indenture, the Company hereby creates the
Notes as a separate series of its securities issued pursuant to the Indenture. The Notes shall be issued initially in an aggregate principal amount of $700,000,000, except as permitted by Sections 304, 305 or 306 of the Base Indenture. 

Section 2.02 Form of the Notes. The Notes shall each be issued in the form of a Global Note, duly executed by the Company and
authenticated by the Trustee, which shall be deposited with the Trustee as custodian for DTC and registered in the name of Cede & Co., as the nominee of DTC. The Notes shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A
attached hereto (including the Global Note Legend thereon). Notes issued in definitive certificated form in accordance with the terms of the Base Indenture and this Thirty-Third Supplemental Indenture, if any, shall be substantially in the form of
Exhibit A attached hereto (but without the Global Note Legend thereon). So long as DTC, or its nominee, is the registered owner of a Global Note, DTC or its nominee, as the case may be, shall be considered the sole owner or Holder of the Notes
represented by such Global Note for all purposes under the Indenture. Ownership of beneficial interests in such Global Note shall be shown on, and transfers thereof shall be effected only through, records maintained by DTC (with respect to
beneficial interests of Participants) or by Participants or Persons that hold interests through Participants (with respect to beneficial interests of beneficial owners). In addition, the following provisions of clauses (1), (2), and (3) below
shall apply only to Global Notes: 

1. Notwithstanding any other provision in the Indenture, no Global Note may be exchanged
in whole or in part for Securities registered, and no transfer of a Global Note in whole or in part may be registered, in the name of any Person other than the Depositary for such Global Note or a nominee thereof unless (A) such Depositary has
notified the Company that it is unwilling or unable or no longer permitted under applicable law to continue as Depositary for such Global Note and the Company has not appointed a successor Depositary within 90 days of receipt of such notice or has
ceased to be a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act, (B) there shall have occurred and be continuing an Event of Default with respect to such Global Note or (C) the Company (subject to the procedures of the Depositary) so
directs the Trustee by Company Order. Beneficial interests in Global Notes may be exchanged for Definitive Notes of the same series upon request but only upon at least 30 days prior written notice given to the Trustee by or on behalf of the
Depositary in accordance with customary procedures. 

2. Subject to clause (1) above, any exchange of a Global Note for
other Securities may be made in whole or in part, and all Securities issued in exchange for a Global Note or any portion thereof shall be registered in such names as the Depositary for such Global Note shall direct. 

3. Every Security authenticated and delivered upon registration of transfer of, or in exchange for or in lieu of, a Global Note
or any portion thereof, shall be authenticated and delivered in the form of, and shall be, a Global Note, unless such note is registered in the name of a Person other than the Depositary for such Global Note or a nominee thereof. 

-9- 

Section 2.03 Terms and Conditions of the Notes. The Notes shall be governed by
all the terms and conditions of the Base Indenture, as supplemented by this Thirty-Third Supplemental Indenture. In particular, the following provisions shall be terms of the Notes: 

(a) Title and Aggregate Principal Amount. The title of the Notes shall be as specified in the Recitals of the Company; and the aggregate
principal amount of the Notes shall be as specified in Section 2.01 of this Article II, except as permitted by Sections 304, 305 or 306 of the Base Indenture. 

(b) Stated Maturity. The Notes shall mature, and the unpaid principal thereon shall be payable, on February 10, 2028 (the
Maturity Date), subject to the provisions of the Base Indenture and Articles III and IV below. 

(c) Interest. The rate
per annum at which interest shall be payable on the Notes shall be 4.700%. Interest on the Notes shall be payable semi-annually in arrears on each February 10 and August 10, commencing on August 10, 2025 (each, an Interest
Payment Date), to the Persons in whose names the applicable Notes are registered in the Security Register applicable to the Notes at the close of business on the immediately preceding January 27 or July 27, respectively, prior to the
applicable Interest Payment Date regardless of whether such day is a Business Day (each, a Regular Record Date). Interest on the Notes shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of
twelve 30-day months. Interest on the Notes shall accrue from and including February 10, 2025. If an Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the payment shall
be made on the next Business Day as if it were made on the date the payment was due, and no interest shall accrue on the amount so payable for the period from and after that Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date, as the case may be, to the date
the payment is made. Interest payments shall include accrued interest from and including the date of issue or from and including the last date in respect of which interest has been paid, as the case may be, to, but excluding, the Interest Payment
Date or the Maturity Date, as the case may be. 

(d) Registration and Form. The Notes shall be issuable as Registered Securities as
provided in Section 2.02 of this Article II. The Notes shall be issued and may be transferred only in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. Principal of and interest on the Notes will be payable,
and the Notes will be transferable or exchangeable, at the office or offices or agency maintained by the Company for these purposes. Payment of interest on the Notes may be made at the Companys option by check mailed to the registered holders
thereof. 

(e) Defeasance and Covenant Defeasance. The provisions for defeasance in Section 1302 of the Base Indenture, and the
provisions for covenant defeasance in Section 1303 of the Base Indenture, shall be applicable to the Notes. 

-10- 

(f) Further Issues. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in
the Base Indenture, the Company may, from time to time, without notice to, or the consent of, the Holders, create and issue additional Notes of this series having the same ranking and terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects, except for the
issue date, the public offering price and, in some cases, the first Interest Payment Date (the Additional Notes). Any Additional Notes having similar terms, together with the Notes of this series, shall be consolidated with and shall
form a single series with the previously outstanding Notes. If the Additional Notes are not fungible with the previously outstanding Notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Additional Notes will have a separate CUSIP number. Notice of any
such issuance shall be given to the Trustee and a new supplemental indenture shall be executed in connection with the issuance of such Additional Notes. 

(g) Other Terms and Conditions. The Notes shall have such other terms and conditions as provided in the form thereof attached as
Exhibit A. 

Section 2.04 Ranking. The Notes shall be general unsecured obligations of the Company. The Notes shall rank
pari passu in right of payment with all unsecured and unsubordinated Indebtedness, including, without limitation, any unsecured senior Indebtedness, of the Company and senior in right of payment to all subordinated Indebtedness of the Company. 

Section 2.05 Sinking Fund. The Notes shall not be entitled to any sinking fund. 

Section 2.06 Place of Payment. The Place of Payment in respect of the Notes will be at the office or agency of the Company in The
City of New York, State of New York or at the office or agency of the Paying Agent in The City of New York, State of New York. 

Section 2.07 Transfer and Exchange. 

(a) The transfer and exchange of beneficial interests in the Global Notes shall be effected through the Depositary, in accordance with the
provisions of the Base Indenture, this Thirty-Third Supplemental Indenture and the then applicable procedures of the Depositary (the Applicable Procedures). In connection with all transfers and exchanges of beneficial interests, the
transferor of such beneficial interest must deliver to the Trustee either (A)(1) a written order from a Participant or an Indirect Participant given to the Depositary in accordance with the Applicable Procedures directing the Depositary to credit or
cause to be credited a beneficial interest in another Global Note in an amount equal to the beneficial interest to be transferred or exchanged and (2) instructions given in accordance with the Applicable Procedures containing information
regarding the Participant account to be credited with such increase or, if Definitive Notes are at such time permitted to be issued pursuant to this Thirty-Third Supplemental Indenture and the Base Indenture, (B)(1) a written order from a
Participant or an Indirect Participant given to the Depositary in accordance with the Applicable Procedures directing the Depositary to cause to be issued a Definitive Note in an amount equal to the beneficial interest to be transferred or exchanged
and (2) instructions given by the Depositary to the Security Registrar containing information regarding the Person in whose name such Definitive Note shall be registered to effect the transfer or exchange referred to in (1) above. Upon
satisfaction of all of the requirements for transfer or exchange of beneficial interests in Global Notes contained in the Base Indenture, this Thirty-Third Supplemental Indenture and the Notes or otherwise applicable under the Securities Act, the
Security Registrar shall adjust the principal amount of the relevant Global Notes pursuant to Section 2.08 hereof. 

-11- 

(b) Upon request by a Holder of Definitive Notes and such Holders compliance with the
provisions of this Section 2.07(b), the Security Registrar shall register the transfer or exchange of Definitive Notes. Prior to such registration of transfer or exchange, the requesting Holder shall present or surrender to the Trustee the
Definitive Notes duly endorsed or accompanied by a written instruction of transfer in form satisfactory to the Security Registrar duly executed by such Holder or by its attorney, duly authorized in writing. The Trustee shall cancel any such
Definitive Notes so surrendered, and the Company shall execute and, upon receipt of a Company Order pursuant to Section 303 of the Base Indenture, the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver to the Person designated in the instructions a new
Definitive Note in the appropriate principal amount. Any Definitive Note issued pursuant to this Section 2.07(b) shall be registered in such name or names and in such authorized denomination or denominations as the Holder of such beneficial
interest shall instruct the Security Registrar through instructions from the Depositary and the Participant or Indirect Participant. The Trustee shall deliver such Definitive Notes to the Persons in whose names such Definitive Notes are so
registered. In addition, the requesting Holder shall provide any additional certifications, documents and information, as applicable, required pursuant to Section 305 of the Base Indenture. 

Section 2.08 Cancellation and/or Adjustment of Global Notes. At such time as all beneficial interests in a particular Global Note
have been exchanged for Definitive Notes or a particular Global Note has been redeemed, repurchased or cancelled in whole and not in part, each such Global Note shall be returned to or retained and cancelled by the Trustee in accordance with
Section 309 of the Base Indenture. At any time prior to such cancellation, if any beneficial interest in a Global Note is exchanged for or transferred to a Person who will take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in another
Global Note or for Definitive Notes, the principal amount of Securities represented by such Global Note shall be reduced accordingly and an endorsement shall be made on such Global Note by the Trustee or by the Depositary at the direction of the
Trustee to reflect such reduction; and if the beneficial interest is being exchanged for or transferred to a Person who will take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in another Global Note, such other Global Note shall be increased
accordingly and an endorsement shall be made on such Global Note by the Security Registrar or by the Depositary at the direction of the Security Registrar to reflect such increase. 

ARTICLE III 

REDEMPTION OF THE NOTES 

Section 3.01 Optional Redemption by the Company. 

(a) Prior to January 10, 2028 (the Par Call Date), the Company shall have the right to redeem the Notes at its option, in
whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of: 

(i) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to
the Redemption Date (assuming the Notes matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury
Rate plus 10 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the Redemption Date; and 

-12- 

(ii) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed; 

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the Redemption Date. 

(b) On or after the Par Call Date, the Company may redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption
price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the Redemption Date. 

(c) Unless the Company defaults in payment of the Redemption Price, on and after the Redemption Date, interest shall cease to accrue on any
Notes or portions thereof that are called for redemption. 

(d) Notices of redemption pursuant to this Section 3.01 shall be mailed
(or, in the case of Notes held in book-entry form, be transmitted electronically) at least ten (10) but not more than sixty (60) days before the Redemption Date to each Holder of the Notes to be redeemed at its registered address. The
Company shall calculate the Redemption Price and shall deliver an Officers Certificate to the Trustee setting forth the Redemption Price no later than two Business Days prior to the Redemption Date. 

(e) If less than all of the Notes are to be redeemed at any time, the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by lot by DTC, in the case of
Global Notes, or by the Trustee by a method the Trustee deems to be fair and appropriate, in the case of Notes that are not represented by a Global Note. 

(f) Notice of any redemption may, at the Companys discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, including, but not limited
to, completion of an equity offering, a financing, or other corporate transaction. In addition, if such redemption or notice is subject to satisfaction of one or more conditions precedent, such notice shall state that, in the Companys
discretion, such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied by the Redemption Date. 

ARTICLE IV 

CHANGE
OF CONTROL 

Section 4.01 Repurchase at the Option of Holders Upon Change of Control Repurchase Event. 

(a) If a Change of Control Repurchase Event occurs, unless the Company has exercised its right to redeem the Notes pursuant to the Indenture,
the Company shall be required to make an offer (a Change of Control Offer) to each Holder of the Notes to repurchase all or 

-13- 

any part (in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof) of that Holders Notes at a repurchase price in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal
amount of the Notes repurchased plus any accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes repurchased to, but not including, the date of such repurchase. 

(b) Within thirty (30) days following any Change of Control Repurchase Event or, at the option of the Company, prior to any Change of
Control, but after the public announcement of an impending Change of Control, the Company shall mail a notice to each Holder, with a copy to the Trustee, describing the transaction or transactions that constitute or may constitute the Change of
Control Repurchase Event and offering to repurchase the Notes on the payment date specified in the notice, which date shall be no earlier than thirty (30) days and no later than sixty (60) days from the date such notice is mailed. The
notice shall, if mailed prior to the date of consummation of the Change of Control, state that the offer to purchase is conditioned on the Change of Control Repurchase Event occurring on or prior to the payment date specified in the notice. 

(c) The Company shall comply with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the Exchange Act, and any other
securities laws and regulations thereunder, to the extent those laws and regulations are applicable in connection with the repurchase of the Notes as a result of a Change of Control Repurchase Event. To the extent that the provisions of any
securities laws or regulations conflict with the Change of Control Repurchase Event provisions of the Notes, the Company shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and shall not be deemed to have breached its obligations under
the Change of Control Repurchase Event provisions of the Notes or the Indenture by virtue of such conflict. 

(d) On the Change of Control
Repurchase Event payment date, the Company shall, to the extent lawful: 

(i) accept for payment all the Notes or portions
of the Notes (in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof) properly tendered pursuant to its offer; 

(ii) deposit with the Paying Agent an amount equal to the aggregate purchase price in respect of all the Notes or portions of
the Notes properly tendered; and 

(iii) deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee for cancellation the Notes properly
accepted, together with an Officers Certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of Notes being repurchased by the Company. 

(e) The Paying Agent shall promptly mail to each Holder of Notes properly tendered the purchase price for the Notes, and the Trustee shall
promptly authenticate and mail (or, if a Global Note, to be adjusted on the Schedule of Exchanges attached thereto) to each Holder a new Note equal in principal amount to any unpurchased portion of any Notes surrendered; provided, that each new
Note shall be in minimum denominations of $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof. 

-14- 

(f) The Company shall not be required to make a Change of Control Offer upon a Change of
Control Repurchase Event if (i) a third party makes such an offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for a Change of Control Offer made by the Company and such third party purchases all Notes properly
tendered and not withdrawn under its offer or (ii) the Company has previously or concurrently mailed a redemption notice with respect to all of the outstanding Notes pursuant to Section 3.01(d). 

(g) If Holders of not less than 90% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes validly tender and do not withdraw such Notes in a
Change of Control Offer and the Company, or any third party making such an offer in lieu of the Company pursuant to subsection (f) of this Section 4.01, purchases all of the Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn by such Holders, the
Company or such third party will have the right, upon not less than ten (10) days nor more than sixty (60) days prior notice, provided that such notice is given not more than thirty (30) days following such repurchase pursuant
to subsection (b) of this Section 4.01, to redeem all Notes that remain outstanding following such purchase on a date specified in such notice (the Second Change of Control Payment Date) and at a price in cash equal to 101% of
the aggregate principal amount of Notes repurchased plus any accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes repurchased to, but not including, the Second Change of Control Payment Date. 

ARTICLE V 

COVENANTS 

Section 5.01 Limitation on Liens. 

(a) The Company shall not, and shall not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, issue, assume or guarantee any Indebtedness secured by any
Mortgage upon any Principal Property of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary without equally and ratably securing the Notes (and, if the Company so determines, any other Indebtedness ranking equally with the Notes) with such Indebtedness;
provided, however, that the foregoing restrictions shall not prevent the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary from issuing, assuming or guaranteeing any Indebtedness secured by a Permitted Mortgage. 

(b) Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection (a) of this Section 5.01, the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary may, in addition
to Mortgages permitted by subsection (a) of this Section 5.01 and without equally and ratably securing the Notes, create or assume and renew, extend or replace Mortgages which would otherwise be subject to such subsection (a), provided
that at the time of such creation, assumption, renewal, extension or replacement, and after giving effect thereto, Exempted Debt does not exceed 15% of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets. 

Section 5.02 Limitations on Sale and Leaseback Transactions. 

(a) The Company shall not, and shall not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, enter into any Sale and Leaseback Transaction without equally
and ratably securing the Notes (and, if the Company so determines, any other Indebtedness ranking equally with the Notes) unless: 

(i) within 180 days after the receipt of the proceeds of such sale or transfer, the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary
applies an amount equal to the greater 

-15- 

of the net proceeds of such sale or transfer or the fair value of such Principal Property at the time of such sale or transfer to any (or a combination) of (1) the prepayment or retirement
(other than any mandatory prepayment or retirement) of Senior Funded Debt of the Company or (2) the purchase, construction, development, expansion or improvement of other comparable property, subject in each case to credits for voluntary
retirements of Senior Funded Debt of the Company; or 

(ii) the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary would be entitled, at
the effective date of such sale or transfer, to incur Indebtedness secured by a Mortgage on such Principal Property, in an amount at least equal to the Attributable Debt in respect of the Sale and Leaseback Transaction, without equally and ratably
securing the Notes pursuant to the provisions of Section 5.01 above. 

The foregoing restriction shall not apply to any Sale and
Leaseback Transaction (w) for a term of not more than three years including renewals, (x) with respect to a Principal Property if a binding commitment is entered into with respect to such Sale and Leaseback Transaction within three years
after the later of (1) February 10, 2025 or (2) the date when the applicable Principal Property was acquired, (y) with respect to a Principal Property if a binding commitment with respect thereto is entered into within 180 days
after the later of the date such property was acquired and, if applicable, the date such property was first placed in operation, or (z) between the Company and any Restricted Subsidiary or between Restricted Subsidiaries. 

(b) Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection (a) of this Section 5.02, the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary may, in addition
to Sale and Leaseback Transactions permitted by subsection (a) of this Section 5.02 and without equally and ratably securing the Notes, create or assume and renew, extend or replace Mortgages, or enter into any Sale and Leaseback
Transaction without any obligation to retire any Senior Funded Debt of the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary, provided that, at the time of such creation, assumption, renewal, extension or replacement of a Mortgage or at the time of entering into
such Sale and Leaseback Transaction, and after giving effect thereto, Exempted Debt does not exceed 15% of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets. 

ARTICLE VI 

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 

Section 6.01 Ratification of Base Indenture. This Thirty-Third Supplemental Indenture is executed and shall be construed as an
indenture supplemental to the Base Indenture, and as supplemented and modified hereby, the Base Indenture is in all respects ratified and confirmed, and the Base Indenture and this Thirty-Third Supplemental Indenture shall be read, taken and
construed as one and the same instrument. 

Section 6.02 Conflict with Trust Indenture Act. If any provision hereof limits,
qualifies or conflicts with another provision hereof, or with a provision of the Base Indenture, which is required to be included in this Thirty-Third Supplemental Indenture, or in the Base Indenture, respectively, by any of the provisions of the
Trust Indenture Act, such required provision shall control to the extent it is applicable. 

-16- 

Section 6.03 Effect of Headings. The Article and Section headings herein
are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof. 

Section 6.04 Successors and Assigns. All covenants and
agreements in this Thirty-Third Supplemental Indenture by the Company shall bind its successors and assigns, whether so expressed or not. 

Section 6.05 Separability Clause. In case any one or more of the provisions contained in this Thirty-Third Supplemental
Indenture or in the Notes shall for any reason be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 

Section 6.06 Governing Law. THIS THIRTY-THIRD SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE AND THE NOTES SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN
ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. WITHOUT REGARD TO ITS PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAWS (OTHER THAN SECTION 5-1401 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK), EXCEPT TO
THE EXTENT THAT THE TRUST INDENTURE ACT IS APPLICABLE, IN WHICH CASE THE TRUST INDENTURE ACT WILL GOVERN. 

Section 6.07
Counterparts. This Thirty-Third Supplemental Indenture shall be valid, binding, and enforceable against a party when executed and delivered by an authorized individual on behalf of the party by means of (i) an original manual signature;
(ii) a faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature; or (iii) any other electronic signature permitted by the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, state enactments of the Uniform Electronic Transactions
Act, and/or any other relevant electronic signatures law, including any relevant provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code, in each case to the extent applicable. Each faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or other electronic signature,
shall for all purposes have the same validity, legal effect, and admissibility in evidence as an original manual signature. Each party hereto shall be entitled to conclusively rely upon, and shall have no liability with respect to, any faxed,
scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or other electronic signature, of any other party and shall have no duty to investigate, confirm or otherwise verify the validity or authenticity thereof. This Thirty-Third Supplemental Indenture may be
executed in any number of counterparts, and each of such counterparts shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument. 

[Signature page follows] 

-17- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Thirty-Third Supplemental Indenture
to be duly executed, all as of the day and year first above written. 

STRYKER CORPORATION

By: /s/ Lindsay Gardner

Name: Lindsay Gardner

Title: Vice President, Treasurer

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY,

NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION

By: /s/ James Kowalski

Name: James Kowalski

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to Thirty-Third Supplemental Indenture] 

EXHIBIT A 

[Form of Face of 2028 Note] 

THIS
SECURITY IS A GLOBAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE THEREOF. THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE EXCHANGED IN WHOLE OR IN PART FOR A SECURITY REGISTERED, AND NO
TRANSFER OF THIS SECURITY IN WHOLE OR IN PART MAY BE REGISTERED, IN THE NAME OF ANY PERSON OTHER THAN SUCH DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE THEREOF, EXCEPT IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED IN THE INDENTURE. 

UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION
(DTC), TO THE COMPANY OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE, OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF
DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE
REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 

STRYKER CORPORATION 

4.700% Notes due 2028 

No. 

CUSIP NO. 863667 BK6

$ 

Stryker Corporation, a Michigan corporation (herein called the Company, which term includes any
successor Person under the Indenture hereinafter referred to), for value received, hereby promises to pay to Cede & Co., or registered assigns, the principal sum of Dollars on February 10, 2028 and to pay interest thereon from
February 10, 2025 or from the most recent Interest Payment Date to which interest has been paid or duly provided for, semi-annually on February 10 and August 10 in each year, commencing on August 10, 2025, at the rate of 4.700%
per annum, until the principal hereof is paid or made available for payment. The interest so payable, and punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date will, as provided in such Indenture, be paid to the Person in whose name
this Security is registered at the close of business on the Regular Record Date for such interest, which shall be the January 27 or July 27 (whether or not a Business Day), as the case may be, next preceding such Interest Payment Date. Any
such interest not so punctually paid or duly provided for will forthwith cease to be payable to the Holder on such Regular Record Date and may either be paid to the Person in whose name this Security is registered at the close of business on a
Special Record Date for the payment of such Defaulted Interest to be fixed by the Trustee, notice whereof shall be given to Holders of Securities of this series not less than 10 days prior to such Special Record Date, or be paid at any time in any
other lawful manner not inconsistent with the requirements of any securities exchange on which the Securities of this series may be listed, and upon such notice as may be required by such exchange, all as more fully provided in said Indenture. 

A-1 

Payment of the principal of (and premium, if any) and any such interest on this Security
will be made at the office or agency of the Company maintained for that purpose in The City of New York, State of New York or at the office or agency of the Paying Agent in The City of New York, State of New York, in such coin or currency of the
United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts; provided, however, that at the option of the Company payment of interest may be made by (i) check mailed to the address of the Person
entitled thereto as such address shall appear in the Security Register or (ii) wire transfer in immediately available funds to the place and account designated in writing by the Person entitled to such payment as specified in the Security
Register; and provided further, that if this Security is a Global Note, payment may be made pursuant to the Applicable Procedures of the Depositary as permitted in the Indenture. 

Reference is hereby made to the further provisions of this Security set forth on the reverse hereof, which further provisions shall for all
purposes have the same effect as if set forth at this place. 

Unless the certificate of authentication hereof has been executed by the
Trustee referred to on the reverse hereof by manual, facsimile or electronic signature, this Security shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed under its corporate seal. 

STRYKER CORPORATION

By: 

Name:

Title:

Attest:

By: 

Name:

Title:

A-2 

CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION 

This is one of the Securities of the series designated therein referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture. 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

As Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signatory

Dated:

A-3 

[Form of Reverse of 2028 Note] 

This Security is one of a duly authorized issue of securities of the Company (herein called the Securities), issued and to be
issued in one or more series under an Indenture, dated as of January 15, 2010 (the Base Indenture), as supplemented by the Thirty-Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 10, 2025 (the Supplemental
Indenture and, together with the Base Indenture, the Indenture), between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, a nationally chartered banking association, as Trustee (herein called the Trustee,
which term includes any successor trustee under the Indenture), and reference is hereby made to the Indenture for a statement of the respective rights, limitations of rights, duties and immunities thereunder of the Company, the Trustee and the
Holders of the Securities and of the terms upon which the Securities are, and are to be, authenticated and delivered. This Security is one of the series designated on the face hereof, initially limited in aggregate principal amount to $700,000,000,
provided that the Company may, without the consent of any Holder, at any time and from time to time increase the initial principal amount. 

The Securities of this series are subject to redemption as provided in Section 3.01 of the Supplemental Indenture and Article XI of the
Base Indenture. 

This Security will not be subject to any sinking fund. 

The Indenture contains provisions for defeasance at any time of the entire indebtedness of this Security or certain restrictive covenants and
Events of Default with respect to this Security, in each case upon compliance with certain conditions set forth in the Indenture. 

If an
Event of Default with respect to Securities of this series shall occur and be continuing, the principal of the Securities of this series may be declared due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture. 

The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations
of the Company and the rights of the Holders of the Securities of each series to be affected under the Indenture at any time by the Company and the Trustee with the consent of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Securities at the
time Outstanding of each series to be affected. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the Holders of specified percentages in principal amount of the Securities of each series at the time Outstanding, on behalf of the Holders of all
Securities of such series, to waive compliance by the Company with certain provisions of the Indenture and certain past defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or waiver by the Holder of this Security shall be
conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Security and of any Security issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange herefor or in lieu hereof, whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is
made upon this Security. 

As provided in and subject to the provisions of the Indenture, the Holder of this Security shall not have the
right to institute any proceeding with respect to the Indenture or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee or for any other remedy thereunder, unless such Holder shall have previously given the Trustee written notice of a continuing Event of
Default with respect to 

R-1 

the Securities of this series, the Holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of the Securities of this series at the time Outstanding shall have made written request to the Trustee to
institute proceedings in respect of such Event of Default as Trustee and offered the Trustee reasonable indemnity, and the Trustee shall not have received from the Holders of a majority in principal amount of Securities of this series at the time
Outstanding a direction inconsistent with such request, and shall have failed to institute any such proceeding, for 60 days after receipt of such notice, request and offer of indemnity. The foregoing shall not apply to any suit instituted by the
Holder of this Security for the enforcement of any payment of principal hereof or any premium or interest hereon on or after the respective due dates expressed herein. 

No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Security or of the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the
Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of and any premium and interest on this Security at the times, place and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed. 

As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, the transfer of this Security is registrable in the
Security Register, upon surrender of this Security for registration of transfer at the office or agency of the Company in any place where the principal of and any premium and interest on this Security are payable, duly endorsed by, or accompanied by
a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Security Registrar duly executed by, the Holder hereof or his attorney duly authorized in writing, and thereupon one or more new Securities of this series and of like
tenor, of authorized denominations and for the same aggregate principal amount, will be issued to the designated transferee or transferees. 

The Securities of this series are issuable only in registered form without coupons in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral amounts of
$1,000 in excess thereof. As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, Securities of this series are exchangeable for a like aggregate principal amount of Securities of this series and of like tenor of a
different authorized denomination, as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. 

No service charge shall be made for any such
registration of transfer or exchange, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge payable in connection therewith. 

Prior to due presentment of this Security for registration of transfer, the Company, the Trustee and any agent of the Company or the Trustee
may treat the Person in whose name this Security is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether or not this Security be overdue, and neither the Company, the Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary. 

THE SECURITIES OF THIS SERIES SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. WITHOUT REGARD
TO ITS PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAWS (OTHER THAN SECTION 5-1401 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK), EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT THE TRUST INDENTURE ACT IS APPLICABLE, IN WHICH CASE THE
TRUST INDENTURE ACT WILL GOVERN. 

R-2 

This Security shall be valid, binding, and enforceable against a party when executed,
delivered and/or authenticated, as applicable, by an authorized individual on behalf of the party by means of (i) an original manual signature; (ii) a faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature; or (iii) any other electronic
signature permitted by the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, state enactments of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, and/or any other relevant electronic signatures law, including any relevant provisions of the
Uniform Commercial Code, in each case to the extent applicable. Each faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or other electronic signature, shall for all purposes have the same validity, legal effect, and admissibility in evidence as an
original manual signature. Each party hereto shall be entitled to conclusively rely upon, and shall have no liability with respect to, any faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or other electronic signature, of any other party and shall
have no duty to investigate, confirm or otherwise verify the validity or authenticity thereof. 

All terms used in this Security which are
defined in the Indenture shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture. 

R-3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.4
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>d907608dex44.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.4
<TEXT>
EX-4.4

Exhibit 4.4 

Execution Version 

Stryker Corporation 

and 

U.S. Bank Trust
Company, National Association, 

as Trustee 

Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture 

Dated as of February 10, 2025 

to Senior Debt Indenture 

Dated as
of January 15, 2010 

Establishing a series of Securities designated 

4.850% Notes due 2030 

Table of Contents 

Page 

ARTICLE I 

DEFINITIONS AND INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE 

Section 1.01 

Relation to Base Indenture 1 

Section 1.02 

Definitions 2 

ARTICLE II 

CREATION, FORMS, TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 

Section 2.01 

Creation of the Notes 9 

Section 2.02 

Form of the Notes 9 

Section 2.03 

Terms and Conditions of the Notes 10 

Section 2.04 

Ranking 11 

Section 2.05 

Sinking Fund 11 

Section 2.06 

Place of Payment 11 

Section 2.07 

Transfer and Exchange 12 

Section 2.08 

Cancellation and/or Adjustment of Global Notes 12 

ARTICLE III 

REDEMPTION OF THE NOTES 

Section 3.01 

Special Mandatory Redemption by the Company 13 

Section 3.02 

Optional Redemption by the Company 14 

ARTICLE IV 

CHANGE OF CONTROL 

Section 4.01 

Repurchase at the Option of Holders Upon Change of Control Repurchase Event 15 

ARTICLE V 

COVENANTS 

Section 5.01 

Limitation on Liens 17 

Section 5.02 

Limitations on Sale and Leaseback Transactions 17 

-i- 

ARTICLE VI 

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 

Section 6.01 

Ratification of Base Indenture 18 

Section 6.02 

Conflict with Trust Indenture Act 18 

Section 6.03 

Effect of Headings 18 

Section 6.04 

Successors and Assigns 18 

Section 6.05 

Separability Clause 18 

Section 6.06 

Governing Law 18 

Section 6.07 

Counterparts 19 

-ii- 

THIRTY-FOURTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, dated as of February 10, 2025 (this
Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture), between Stryker Corporation, a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the State of Michigan (herein called the Company), having its principal office at 1941 Stryker
Way, Portage, Michigan, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, a nationally chartered banking association, as trustee (herein called the Trustee). 

RECITALS OF THE COMPANY 

WHEREAS, the Company and the Trustee have heretofore executed and delivered an Indenture, dated as of January 15, 2010 (the Base
Indenture and, together with this Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture, the Indenture), providing for the issuance from time to time of the Companys debentures, notes or other evidences of indebtedness (herein and therein
called the Securities), to be issued in one or more series as provided in the Base Indenture; 

WHEREAS, Section 901 of
the Base Indenture permits the Company and the Trustee to enter into a supplemental indenture to the Base Indenture to establish the form and terms of any series of Securities; 

WHEREAS, Section 201 of the Base Indenture permits the form of Securities of any series to be established in a supplemental indenture to
the Base Indenture; 

WHEREAS, Section 301 of the Base Indenture permits certain terms of any series of Securities to be established
pursuant to a supplemental indenture to the Base Indenture; 

WHEREAS, pursuant to Sections 201 and 301 of the Base Indenture, the Company
desires to provide for the establishment of a new series of Securities in an aggregate principal amount of $800,000,000 to be designated the 4.850% Notes due 2030 (hereinafter called the Notes) under the Base Indenture, the
form and substance of such Notes and the terms, provisions and conditions thereof to be set forth as provided in the Base Indenture and this Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture; and 

WHEREAS, all things necessary to make this Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture a valid agreement of the Company, in accordance with its
terms, have been done; 

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the foregoing and the purchase of the Notes established by this
Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture by the holders thereof (the Holders), it is mutually agreed, for the equal and proportionate benefit of all such Holders, as follows: 

ARTICLE I 

DEFINITIONS AND INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE 

Section 1.01 Relation to Base Indenture. This Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture constitutes a part of the Base Indenture (the
provisions of which, as modified by this Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture, shall apply to the Notes) in respect of the Notes but shall not modify, amend or otherwise affect the Base Indenture insofar as it relates to any other series of
Securities or modify, amend or otherwise affect in any manner the terms and conditions of the Securities of any other series. 

Section 1.02 Definitions. For all purposes of this Thirty-Fourth Supplemental
Indenture, the capitalized terms used herein (i) which are defined in this Section 1.02 have the respective meanings assigned hereto in this Section 1.02 and (ii) which are defined in the Base Indenture (and which are not defined
in this Section 1.02) have the respective meanings assigned thereto in the Base Indenture. For all purposes of this Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture: 

(a) Unless the context otherwise requires, any reference to an Article or Section refers to an Article or Section, as the case may be, of
this Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture; 

(b) The words herein, hereof and hereunder and words of
similar import refer to this Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture as a whole and not to any particular Article, Section or other subdivision; 

(c) Headings are for convenience or reference only and do not affect interpretations; and 

(d) The terms defined in this Section 1.02(d) have the meanings assigned to them in this Section and include the plural as well as
the singular: 

Applicable Procedures has the meaning set forth in Section 2.07(a). 

Attributable Debt in respect of a Sale and Leaseback Transaction means, at the time of determination, the present value
(discounted at the imputed rate of interest of such transaction as determined in good faith by the Company) of the obligation of the lessee for net rental payments during the remaining term of the lease included in such Sale and Leaseback
Transaction (including any period for which such lease has been extended or may, at the option of the lessor, be extended). The term net rental payments under any lease for any period means the sum of the rental and other payments
required to be paid in such period by the lessee thereunder, not including any amounts required to be paid by such lessee (whether or not designated as rental or additional rent) on account of maintenance and repairs, insurance, taxes, assessments,
water rates or similar charges required to be paid by such lessee thereunder or any amount required to be paid by lessee thereunder contingent upon the amount of maintenance and repairs, insurance, taxes, assessments, water rates or similar charges.
In the case of any lease that is terminable by the lessee upon the payment of a penalty, such net amount shall be the lesser of (x) the net amount determined assuming termination upon the first date such lease may be terminated (in which case
the net amount shall also include the amount of the penalty, but shall not include any rent that would be required to be paid under such lease subsequent to the first date upon which it may be so terminated) or (y) the net amount determined
assuming no such termination. 

Base Indenture has the meaning given to such term in the recitals hereof. 

-2- 

Below Investment Grade Rating Event means the Notes are rated below Investment
Grade by each of the Rating Agencies on any date during the period commencing upon the first public notice of the occurrence of a Change of Control or the Companys intention to effect a Change of Control and ending 60 days following public
notice of the occurrence of the related Change of Control (which period shall be extended so long as the rating of the Notes is under publicly announced consideration for possible downgrade by any of the Rating Agencies, provided that no such
extension shall occur if on such 60th day the Notes are rated Investment Grade by at least one of such Rating Agency and are not subject to review for possible downgrade by such Rating Agency);
provided further that a Below Investment Grade Rating Event otherwise arising by virtue of a particular reduction in rating shall not be deemed to have occurred in respect of a particular Change of Control (and thus shall not be deemed a Below
Investment Grade Rating Event for purposes of the definition of Change of Control Repurchase Event hereunder) if the Rating Agencies making the reduction in rating to which this definition would otherwise apply do not announce or publicly confirm or
inform the Trustee in writing at its request that the reduction was the result, in whole or in part, of any event or circumstance comprised of or arising as a result of, or in respect of, the applicable Change of Control (whether or not the
applicable Change of Control shall have occurred at the time of the Below Investment Grade Rating Event). 

Business Day means
any day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, that is neither a legal holiday nor a day on which the Trustee or banking institutions in The City of New York are authorized or required by law or regulation to close. 

Change of Control means the occurrence of any of the following: 

1. the direct or indirect sale, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger or consolidation), in
one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the Companys assets and those of the Companys Subsidiaries taken as a whole to any person (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange
Act), other than the Company or one of the Companys Subsidiaries; 

2. the adoption of a plan relating to the
Companys liquidation or dissolution; 

3. the consummation of any transaction (including, without limitation, any
merger or consolidation) the result of which is that any person (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), other than the Company or one or more of its Subsidiaries, becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in
Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the then outstanding number of shares of the Companys Voting Stock. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction shall not be considered to be a Change of Control if (a) the Company becomes a direct or
indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of a holding company and (b)(i) immediately following that transaction, the direct or indirect holders of the Voting Stock of the holding company are substantially the same as the holders of the Companys Voting
Stock immediately prior to that transaction or (ii) immediately following that transaction, no person is the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the Voting Stock of such holding company. 

-3- 

Change of Control Repurchase Event means the occurrence of both a Change of
Control and a Below Investment Grade Rating Event. 

Company has the meaning given to such term in the preamble hereof. 

Consolidated Net Tangible Assets means the total amounts of assets (less depreciation and valuation reserves and other reserves
and items deductible from gross book value of specific asset accounts under generally accepted accounting principles) that under generally accepted accounting principles would be included on a consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its
consolidated Restricted Subsidiaries after deducting (1) all current liabilities, excluding current liabilities that could be classified as long-term debt under generally accepted accounting principles and current liabilities that are by their
terms extendable or renewable at the obligors option to a time more than 12 months after the time as of which the amount of current liabilities is being computed; (2) Investments in Unrestricted Subsidiaries; and (3) all trade names,
trademarks, licenses, patents, copyrights and goodwill, organizational and development costs, deferred charges, other than prepaid items such as insurance, taxes, interest, commissions, rents and similar items and tangible assets being amortized,
and amortized debt discount and expense, less unamortized premium. 

Definitive Notes means certificated Notes registered in
the name of the Holder thereof and issued in accordance with Section 2.02 hereof, substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto, except that such Security shall not bear the Global Note Legend. 

Depositary means, with respect to Global Notes issued under this Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture, DTC. 

Dollar and $ means the lawful currency of the United States of America. 

DTC means The Depository Trust Company, its nominees and their successors and assigns. 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time. 

Exempted Debt means the sum of the following items outstanding as of the date Exempted Debt is being determined
(1) Indebtedness of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries secured by a Mortgage and not permitted to exist under the Indenture and (2) Attributable Debt of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries in respect of all Sale and
Leaseback Transactions not permitted under the Indenture. 

Funded Debt means Indebtedness that matures more than one year from
the date of creation, or that is extendable or renewable at the sole option of the obligor so that it may become payable more than one year from such date. Funded Debt does not include (1) obligations created pursuant to leases, (2) any
Indebtedness or portion thereof maturing by its terms within one year from the time of any computation of the amount of outstanding Funded Debt unless such Indebtedness shall be extendable or renewable at the sole option of the obligor in such
manner that it may become payable more than one year from such time, or (3) any Indebtedness for the payment or redemption of which money in the necessary amount shall have been deposited in trust either at or before the maturity date thereof.

-4- 

Global Note means a single permanent fully-registered global note in book-entry
form, without coupons, substantially in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto. 

Global Note Legend means the legend set
forth in Section 202 of the Base Indenture. 

Holders has the meaning given to such term in the recitals hereof. 

Inari means Inari Medical, Inc., a corporation organized under the laws of Delaware. 

Inari Tender Offer means the tender offer contemplated by the Merger Agreement. 

Indebtedness means any and all of the obligations of a Person for money borrowed that in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles would be reflected on the balance sheet of such Person as a liability as of the date of which the Indebtedness is to be determined. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a change in generally accepted accounting principles subsequent
to November 30, 2018 shall not be deemed an incurrence of Indebtedness. 

Indenture has the meaning given to such term in
the recitals hereof. 

Indirect Participant means a Person who holds a beneficial interest in a Global Note through a
Participant. 

Interest Payment Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(c). 

Investment means any investment in stock, evidences of Indebtedness, loans or advances, however made or acquired, but does not
include the Companys account receivable or the accounts receivable of any Restricted Subsidiary arising from transactions in the ordinary course of business, or any evidences of Indebtedness, loans or advance made in connection with the sale
to any Subsidiary of the Companys accounts receivable or the accounts receivable of any Restricted Subsidiary arising from transactions in the ordinary course of business. 

Investment Grade means a rating of Baa3 or better by Moodys (or its equivalent under any successor rating categories of
Moodys) and a rating of BBB- or better by S&P (or its equivalent under any successor rating categories of S&P) or the equivalent investment grade credit rating from any additional Rating Agency
or Rating Agencies selected by the Company. 

Maturity Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(b) hereof. 

Merger Agreement means the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 6, 2025, by and among the Company and Inari, as
it may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with its terms. 

Moodys means
Moodys Investors Service Inc., a subsidiary of Moodys Corporation, and its successors. 

-5- 

Mortgage means any mortgage, security interest, pledge, lien or other
encumbrance. 

Notes has the meaning given to such term in the recitals hereof. 

Participant means, with respect to the Depositary, a Person who has an account with the Depositary. 

Par Call Date has the meaning set forth in Section 3.02(a). 

Permitted Mortgage means (a) any purchase money mortgage on such Principal Property prior to, simultaneously with or within
180 days after the later of (1) the acquisition or completion of construction or completion of substantial reconstruction, renovation, remodeling, expansion or improvement (each, a substantial improvement) of such Principal Property
or (2) the placing in operation of such property after the acquisition or completion of any such construction or substantial improvement; (b) Mortgages on a Principal Property existing at the time of acquisition, including acquisition
through merger or consolidation; (c) Mortgages existing on the date of the initial issuance of the Notes, Mortgages on assets of a corporation or other business entity existing on the date it becomes a Restricted Subsidiary or is merged or
consolidated with the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary or at the time the corporation or other business entity sells, leases or otherwise disposes of its property as an entirety or substantially as an entirety to the Company or a Restricted
Subsidiary or Mortgages on the assets of a Subsidiary that is newly designated as a Restricted Subsidiary if the Mortgage would have been permitted under the provisions of this paragraph if such Mortgage was created while the Subsidiary was a
Restricted Subsidiary; (d) Mortgages in favor of the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary; (e) Mortgages for taxes, assessments or governmental charges or levies that are not delinquent or that are being contested in good faith;
(f) carriers, warehousemens, materialmens, repairmens, mechanics, landlords and other similar Mortgages arising in ordinary course of business that are not delinquent or remain payable without penalty or that
are being contested in good faith; (g) Mortgages (other than any Mortgage imposed by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974) consisting of pledges or deposits required in the ordinary course of business in connection with
workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security legislation; (h) easements, rights-of-way, restrictions, encroachments, imperfections
and other similar encumbrances affecting real property that, in the aggregate, are not substantial in amount and do not in any case materially detract from the value of the Principal Property subject thereto or materially interfere with the ordinary
conduct of the Company and its Subsidiaries business, taken as a whole; (i) Mortgages arising by reason of deposits with, or the giving of any form of security to, any governmental agency or any body created or approved by law or
governmental regulation, including any zoning or similar law or right reserved to or vested in any governmental office or agency to control or regulate the use of any real property; (j) Mortgages arising from filing Uniform Commercial Code
financing statements relating solely to leases; and (k) Mortgages to secure Indebtedness incurred to extend, renew, refinance or replace Indebtedness secured by any Mortgages referred to above, provided that the principal amount of the
extended, renewed, refinanced or replaced Indebtedness does not exceed the principal amount of Indebtedness so extended, renewed, refinanced or replaced, plus transaction costs and fees, and that any such Mortgage applies only to the same property
or assets subject to the prior permitted Mortgage (and, in the case of real property, improvements). 

-6- 

Principal Property means all real property and improvements thereon owned by the
Company or a Restricted Subsidiary, including, without limitation, any manufacturing, warehouse, distribution or research facility, and improvements therein, having a net book value in excess of 2% of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets that is located
within the United States, excluding its territories and possessions and Puerto Rico. This term does not include any real property and improvements thereon that the Companys Board of Directors declares by resolution not to be of material
importance to the total business conducted by the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole. 

Rating Agency
means (1) each of Moodys and S&P; and (2) if any of Moodys or S&P ceases to rate the Notes or fails to make a rating of the Notes publicly available for reasons outside of the Companys control, a nationally
recognized statistical rating organization within the meaning of Section 3(a)(62) under the Exchange Act, selected by the Company as a replacement agency for Moodys or S&P, or both of them, as the case may be. 

Redemption Date means the Business Day on which Notes are redeemed by the Company pursuant to Section 3.02 hereof. 

Redemption Price has the meaning set forth in Section 3.02(a). 

Registered Securities means any Securities which are registered in the Security Register. 

Regular Record Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(c). 

Restricted Subsidiary means a Subsidiary that owns a Principal Property. 

S&P means S&P Global Ratings Inc., a division of S&P Global Inc. and its successors. 

Sale and Leaseback Transaction means an arrangement with any Person providing for the leasing by the Company or any Restricted
Subsidiary of any Principal Property owned or acquired thereafter that has been or is to be sold or transferred by the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary to such Person with the intention of taking back a lease of such Principal Property. 

Securities has the meaning given to such term in the recitals hereof. 

Senior Funded Debt means all Funded Debt (except Funded Debt, the payment of which is subordinated to the payment of the Notes).

Special Mandatory Redemption Date has the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(b). 

Special Mandatory Redemption End Date has the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(a). 

Special Mandatory Redemption Event has the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(a) 

Special Mandatory Redemption Notice Date has the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(b). 

-7- 

Special Mandatory Redemption Price has the meaning set forth in
Section 3.01(a). 

Subsidiary means a corporation, partnership or other legal entity of which, in the case of a
corporation, more than 50% of the outstanding voting stock is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company or by one or more other Subsidiaries, or by the Company and one or more other Subsidiaries or, in the case of any partnership or other legal
entity, more than 50% of the ordinary capital interests is, at the time, directly or indirectly owned or controlled by the Company or by one or more other Subsidiaries. For the purposes of this definition, voting stock means the equity
interest that ordinarily has voting power for the election of directors, managers or trustees of an entity, or persons performing similar functions, whether at all times or only so long as no senior class of equity interest has such voting power by
reason of any contingency. 

Treasury Rate means, with respect to any Redemption Date, the yield determined by the Company in
accordance with the following two paragraphs: 

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Company after 4:15 p.m., New
York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third business day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most
recent day that appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily) - H.15 (or any successor
designation or publication) (H.15) under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption or heading) (H.15 TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate,
the Company shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to the Par Call Date (the Remaining Life); or (2) if there is no such
Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on
H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Life and shall interpolate to the Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is
no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant
maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the redemption date. 

If on the third business day preceding the redemption date H.15 TCM is no longer published, the Company shall calculate the
Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second business day preceding such redemption date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or with
a maturity that is closest to, the Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date but there are 

-8- 

two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from the Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one with a maturity date
following the Par Call Date, the Company shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Par Call Date or two or more
United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Company shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon
the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the
applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three
decimal places. 

Trustee has the meaning given to such term in the preamble hereof. 

Unrestricted Subsidiary means any Subsidiary other than a Restricted Subsidiary. 

Voting Stock of any specified Person as of any date means the capital stock of such Person that is at the time entitled to vote
generally in the election of the board of directors of such Person. 

ARTICLE II 

CREATION, FORMS, TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 

Section 2.01 Creation of the Notes. In accordance with Section 301 of the Base Indenture, the Company hereby creates the
Notes as a separate series of its securities issued pursuant to the Indenture. The Notes shall be issued initially in an aggregate principal amount of $800,000,000, except as permitted by Sections 304, 305 or 306 of the Base Indenture. 

Section 2.02 Form of the Notes. The Notes shall each be issued in the form of a Global Note, duly executed by the Company and
authenticated by the Trustee, which shall be deposited with the Trustee as custodian for DTC and registered in the name of Cede & Co., as the nominee of DTC. The Notes shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A
attached hereto (including the Global Note Legend thereon). Notes issued in definitive certificated form in accordance with the terms of the Base Indenture and this Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture, if any, shall be substantially in the form of
Exhibit A attached hereto (but without the Global Note Legend thereon). So long as DTC, or its nominee, is the registered owner of a Global Note, DTC or its nominee, as the case may be, shall be considered the sole owner or Holder of the Notes
represented by such Global Note for all purposes under the Indenture. Ownership of beneficial interests in such Global Note shall be shown on, and transfers thereof shall be effected only through, records maintained by DTC (with respect to
beneficial interests of Participants) or by Participants or Persons that hold interests through Participants (with respect to beneficial interests of beneficial owners). In addition, the following provisions of clauses (1), (2), and (3) below
shall apply only to Global Notes: 

-9- 

1. Notwithstanding any other provision in the Indenture, no Global Note may
be exchanged in whole or in part for Securities registered, and no transfer of a Global Note in whole or in part may be registered, in the name of any Person other than the Depositary for such Global Note or a nominee thereof unless (A) such
Depositary has notified the Company that it is unwilling or unable or no longer permitted under applicable law to continue as Depositary for such Global Note and the Company has not appointed a successor Depositary within 90 days of receipt of such
notice or has ceased to be a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act, (B) there shall have occurred and be continuing an Event of Default with respect to such Global Note or (C) the Company (subject to the procedures of the
Depositary) so directs the Trustee by Company Order. Beneficial interests in Global Notes may be exchanged for Definitive Notes of the same series upon request but only upon at least 30 days prior written notice given to the Trustee by or on
behalf of the Depositary in accordance with customary procedures. 

2. Subject to clause (1) above, any exchange of a
Global Note for other Securities may be made in whole or in part, and all Securities issued in exchange for a Global Note or any portion thereof shall be registered in such names as the Depositary for such Global Note shall direct. 

3. Every Security authenticated and delivered upon registration of transfer of, or in exchange for or in lieu of, a Global Note
or any portion thereof, shall be authenticated and delivered in the form of, and shall be, a Global Note, unless such note is registered in the name of a Person other than the Depositary for such Global Note or a nominee thereof. 

Section 2.03 Terms and Conditions of the Notes. The Notes shall be governed by all the terms and conditions of the Base Indenture,
as supplemented by this Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture. In particular, the following provisions shall be terms of the Notes: 

(a)
Title and Aggregate Principal Amount. The title of the Notes shall be as specified in the Recitals of the Company; and the aggregate principal amount of the Notes shall be as specified in Section 2.01 of this Article II, except as
permitted by Sections 304, 305 or 306 of the Base Indenture. 

(b) Stated Maturity. The Notes shall mature, and the unpaid principal
thereon shall be payable, on February 10, 2030 (the Maturity Date), subject to the provisions of the Base Indenture and Articles III and IV below. 

(c) Interest. The rate per annum at which interest shall be payable on the Notes shall be 4.850%. Interest on the Notes shall be
payable semi-annually in arrears on each February 10 and August 10, commencing on August 10, 2025 (each, an Interest Payment Date), to the Persons in whose names the applicable Notes are registered in the Security Register
applicable to the Notes at the close of business on the immediately preceding January 27 or July 27, respectively, prior to the applicable Interest Payment Date regardless of whether such day is a Business Day (each, a Regular Record
Date). Interest on the Notes shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. Interest on the

-10- 

Notes shall accrue from and including February 10, 2025. If an Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the payment shall be made on the next
Business Day as if it were made on the date the payment was due, and no interest shall accrue on the amount so payable for the period from and after that Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date, as the case may be, to the date the payment is
made. Interest payments shall include accrued interest from and including the date of issue or from and including the last date in respect of which interest has been paid, as the case may be, to, but excluding, the Interest Payment Date or the
Maturity Date, as the case may be. 

(d) Registration and Form. The Notes shall be issuable as Registered Securities as provided in
Section 2.02 of this Article II. The Notes shall be issued and may be transferred only in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. Principal of and interest on the Notes will be payable, and the Notes
will be transferable or exchangeable, at the office or offices or agency maintained by the Company for these purposes. Payment of interest on the Notes may be made at the Companys option by check mailed to the registered holders thereof. 

(e) Defeasance and Covenant Defeasance. The provisions for defeasance in Section 1302 of the Base Indenture, and the provisions
for covenant defeasance in Section 1303 of the Base Indenture, shall be applicable to the Notes. 

(f) Further Issues.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in the Base Indenture, the Company may, from time to time, without notice to, or the consent of, the Holders, create and issue additional Notes of this series having the same ranking and
terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects, except for the issue date, the public offering price and, in some cases, the first Interest Payment Date (the Additional Notes). Any Additional Notes having similar terms, together with
the Notes of this series, shall be consolidated with and shall form a single series with the previously outstanding Notes. If the Additional Notes are not fungible with the previously outstanding Notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the
Additional Notes will have a separate CUSIP number. Notice of any such issuance shall be given to the Trustee and a new supplemental indenture shall be executed in connection with the issuance of such Additional Notes. 

(g) Other Terms and Conditions. The Notes shall have such other terms and conditions as provided in the form thereof attached as
Exhibit A. 

Section 2.04 Ranking. The Notes shall be general unsecured obligations of the Company. The Notes shall rank
pari passu in right of payment with all unsecured and unsubordinated Indebtedness, including, without limitation, any unsecured senior Indebtedness, of the Company and senior in right of payment to all subordinated Indebtedness of the Company. 

Section 2.05 Sinking Fund. The Notes shall not be entitled to any sinking fund. 

Section 2.06 Place of Payment. The Place of Payment in respect of the Notes will be at the office or agency of the Company in The
City of New York, State of New York or at the office or agency of the Paying Agent in The City of New York, State of New York. 

-11- 

Section 2.07 Transfer and Exchange. 

(a) The transfer and exchange of beneficial interests in the Global Notes shall be effected through the Depositary, in accordance with the
provisions of the Base Indenture, this Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture and the then applicable procedures of the Depositary (the Applicable Procedures). In connection with all transfers and exchanges of beneficial interests, the
transferor of such beneficial interest must deliver to the Trustee either (A)(1) a written order from a Participant or an Indirect Participant given to the Depositary in accordance with the Applicable Procedures directing the Depositary to credit or
cause to be credited a beneficial interest in another Global Note in an amount equal to the beneficial interest to be transferred or exchanged and (2) instructions given in accordance with the Applicable Procedures containing information
regarding the Participant account to be credited with such increase or, if Definitive Notes are at such time permitted to be issued pursuant to this Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture and the Base Indenture, (B)(1) a written order from a
Participant or an Indirect Participant given to the Depositary in accordance with the Applicable Procedures directing the Depositary to cause to be issued a Definitive Note in an amount equal to the beneficial interest to be transferred or exchanged
and (2) instructions given by the Depositary to the Security Registrar containing information regarding the Person in whose name such Definitive Note shall be registered to effect the transfer or exchange referred to in (1) above. Upon
satisfaction of all of the requirements for transfer or exchange of beneficial interests in Global Notes contained in the Base Indenture, this Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture and the Notes or otherwise applicable under the Securities Act, the
Security Registrar shall adjust the principal amount of the relevant Global Notes pursuant to Section 2.08 hereof. 

(b) Upon request
by a Holder of Definitive Notes and such Holders compliance with the provisions of this Section 2.07(b), the Security Registrar shall register the transfer or exchange of Definitive Notes. Prior to such registration of transfer or
exchange, the requesting Holder shall present or surrender to the Trustee the Definitive Notes duly endorsed or accompanied by a written instruction of transfer in form satisfactory to the Security Registrar duly executed by such Holder or by its
attorney, duly authorized in writing. The Trustee shall cancel any such Definitive Notes so surrendered, and the Company shall execute and, upon receipt of a Company Order pursuant to Section 303 of the Base Indenture, the Trustee shall
authenticate and deliver to the Person designated in the instructions a new Definitive Note in the appropriate principal amount. Any Definitive Note issued pursuant to this Section 2.07(b) shall be registered in such name or names and in such
authorized denomination or denominations as the Holder of such beneficial interest shall instruct the Security Registrar through instructions from the Depositary and the Participant or Indirect Participant. The Trustee shall deliver such Definitive
Notes to the Persons in whose names such Definitive Notes are so registered. In addition, the requesting Holder shall provide any additional certifications, documents and information, as applicable, required pursuant to Section 305 of the Base
Indenture. 

Section 2.08 Cancellation and/or Adjustment of Global Notes. At such time as all beneficial interests in a
particular Global Note have been exchanged for Definitive Notes or a particular Global Note has been redeemed, repurchased or cancelled in whole and not in part, each such Global Note shall be returned to or retained and cancelled by the Trustee in
accordance with Section 309 of the Base Indenture. At any time prior to such cancellation, if any 

-12- 

beneficial interest in a Global Note is exchanged for or transferred to a Person who will take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in another Global Note or for Definitive
Notes, the principal amount of Securities represented by such Global Note shall be reduced accordingly and an endorsement shall be made on such Global Note by the Trustee or by the Depositary at the direction of the Trustee to reflect such
reduction; and if the beneficial interest is being exchanged for or transferred to a Person who will take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in another Global Note, such other Global Note shall be increased accordingly and an
endorsement shall be made on such Global Note by the Security Registrar or by the Depositary at the direction of the Security Registrar to reflect such increase. 

ARTICLE III 

REDEMPTION OF THE NOTES 

Section 3.01 Special Mandatory Redemption by the Company. 

(a) If (i) the Company does not satisfy the minimum tender and other conditions in the Merger Agreement and does not consummate the Inari
Tender Offer on or prior to the later of (x) July 7, 2025 (as such date may be extended in accordance with the Merger Agreement to October 6, 2025) and (y) the date that is five business days after any later date to which the
Company and Inari may agree to extend the End Date in the Merger Agreement (the Special Mandatory Redemption End Date), or (ii) at any time prior to the Special Mandatory Redemption End Date, the Company notifies the
Trustee in writing that the Merger Agreement has been terminated (each, a Special Mandatory Redemption Event), the Company shall redeem the Notes in whole and not in part for cash at a special mandatory redemption price (the
Special Mandatory Redemption Price) equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the Special Mandatory Redemption Date (subject to the right of Holders of
record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on any interest payment date that is on or prior to the Special Mandatory Redemption Date, as described in Section 3.01(c) below). 

(b) Upon the occurrence of a Special Mandatory Redemption Event, the Company shall promptly (but in no event later than ten Business Days
following such Special Mandatory Redemption Event) notify the Trustee in writing of such event in an Officers Certificate, and the Trustee shall, no later than five Business Days following receipt of such notice from the Company, notify the
Holders (such date of notification to the Holders, the Special Mandatory Redemption Notice Date) that all of the Notes outstanding will be redeemed at the Special Mandatory Redemption Price on the third Business Day following the Special
Mandatory Redemption Notice Date (such date, the Special Mandatory Redemption Date) automatically and without any further action by the Holders, in accordance with the applicable provisions set forth herein and in Article XI of the Base
Indenture, the form of such notice to the Holders to be included in such notice to the Trustee. At or prior to 12:00 p.m., New York City time, on the Business Day immediately preceding the Special Mandatory Redemption Date, the Company shall deposit
with the Trustee funds sufficient to pay the Special Mandatory Redemption Price for the Notes. If such deposit is made as provided above, the Notes will cease to bear interest on and after the Special Mandatory Redemption Date. For the avoidance of
doubt, a failure by the Company to pay the Special Mandatory Redemption Price on a Special Mandatory Redemption Date in accordance with the terms as set forth in this Section 3.01 shall constitute an Event of Default under the meaning of
Section 501 of the Base Indenture. 

-13- 

(c) Notwithstanding subsection (a) above, installments of interest on the Notes that
are due and payable on any Interest Payment Date falling on or prior to a Special Mandatory Redemption Date shall be payable on such Interest Payment Date to the registered Holders as of the close of business on the relevant Regular Record Date
according to the terms of the Notes and the Indenture. Unless the Company defaults in payment of the Special Mandatory Redemption Price, on and after the Special Mandatory Redemption Date interest shall cease to accrue on any Notes or portions
thereof that are called for redemption. 

Section 3.02 Optional Redemption by the Company. 

(a) Prior to January 10, 2030 (the Par Call Date), the Company shall have the right to redeem the Notes at its option, in
whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of: 

(i) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to
the Redemption Date (assuming the Notes matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury
Rate plus 10 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the Redemption Date; and 

(ii) 100% of the principal amount of
the Notes to be redeemed; 

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the Redemption Date. 

(b) On or after the Par Call Date, the Company may redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption
price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the Redemption Date. 

(c) Unless the Company defaults in payment of the Redemption Price, on and after the Redemption Date, interest shall cease to accrue on any
Notes or portions thereof that are called for redemption. 

(d) Notices of redemption pursuant to this Section 3.02 shall be mailed
(or, in the case of Notes held in book-entry form, be transmitted electronically) at least ten (10) but not more than sixty (60) days before the Redemption Date to each Holder of the Notes to be redeemed at its registered address. The
Company shall calculate the Redemption Price and shall deliver an Officers Certificate to the Trustee setting forth the Redemption Price no later than two Business Days prior to the Redemption Date. 

(e) If less than all of the Notes are to be redeemed at any time, the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by lot by DTC, in the case of
Global Notes, or by the Trustee by a method the Trustee deems to be fair and appropriate, in the case of Notes that are not represented by a Global Note. 

-14- 

(f) Notice of any redemption may, at the Companys discretion, be subject to one or
more conditions precedent, including, but not limited to, completion of an equity offering, a financing, or other corporate transaction. In addition, if such redemption or notice is subject to satisfaction of one or more conditions precedent, such
notice shall state that, in the Companys discretion, such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied by the Redemption Date. 

ARTICLE IV 

CHANGE
OF CONTROL 

Section 4.01 Repurchase at the Option of Holders Upon Change of Control Repurchase Event. 

(a) If a Change of Control Repurchase Event occurs, unless the Company has exercised its right to redeem the Notes pursuant to the Indenture,
the Company shall be required to make an offer (a Change of Control Offer) to each Holder of the Notes to repurchase all or any part (in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof) of that
Holders Notes at a repurchase price in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes repurchased plus any accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes repurchased to, but not including, the date of such repurchase. 

(b) Within thirty (30) days following any Change of Control Repurchase Event or, at the option of the Company, prior to any Change of
Control, but after the public announcement of an impending Change of Control, the Company shall mail a notice to each Holder, with a copy to the Trustee, describing the transaction or transactions that constitute or may constitute the Change of
Control Repurchase Event and offering to repurchase the Notes on the payment date specified in the notice, which date shall be no earlier than thirty (30) days and no later than sixty (60) days from the date such notice is mailed. The
notice shall, if mailed prior to the date of consummation of the Change of Control, state that the offer to purchase is conditioned on the Change of Control Repurchase Event occurring on or prior to the payment date specified in the notice. 

(c) The Company shall comply with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the Exchange Act, and any other
securities laws and regulations thereunder, to the extent those laws and regulations are applicable in connection with the repurchase of the Notes as a result of a Change of Control Repurchase Event. To the extent that the provisions of any
securities laws or regulations conflict with the Change of Control Repurchase Event provisions of the Notes, the Company shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and shall not be deemed to have breached its obligations under
the Change of Control Repurchase Event provisions of the Notes or the Indenture by virtue of such conflict. 

-15- 

(d) On the Change of Control Repurchase Event payment date, the Company shall, to the extent
lawful: 

(i) accept for payment all the Notes or portions of the Notes (in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral
multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof) properly tendered pursuant to its offer; 

(ii) deposit with the Paying Agent an
amount equal to the aggregate purchase price in respect of all the Notes or portions of the Notes properly tendered; and 

(iii) deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee for cancellation the Notes properly accepted, together with an
Officers Certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of Notes being repurchased by the Company. 

(e) The Paying Agent shall
promptly mail to each Holder of Notes properly tendered the purchase price for the Notes, and the Trustee shall promptly authenticate and mail (or, if a Global Note, to be adjusted on the Schedule of Exchanges attached thereto) to each Holder a
new Note equal in principal amount to any unpurchased portion of any Notes surrendered; provided, that each new Note shall be in minimum denominations of $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof. 

(f) The Company shall not be required to make a Change of Control Offer upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event if (i) a third party
makes such an offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for a Change of Control Offer made by the Company and such third party purchases all Notes properly tendered and not withdrawn under its offer or
(ii) the Company has previously or concurrently mailed a redemption notice with respect to all of the outstanding Notes pursuant to Section 3.02(d). 

(g) If Holders of not less than 90% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes validly tender and do not withdraw such Notes in a
Change of Control Offer and the Company, or any third party making such an offer in lieu of the Company pursuant to subsection (f) of this Section 4.01, purchases all of the Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn by such Holders, the
Company or such third party will have the right, upon not less than ten (10) days nor more than sixty (60) days prior notice, provided that such notice is given not more than thirty (30) days following such repurchase pursuant
to subsection (b) of this Section 4.01, to redeem all Notes that remain outstanding following such purchase on a date specified in such notice (the Second Change of Control Payment Date) and at a price in cash equal to 101% of
the aggregate principal amount of Notes repurchased plus any accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes repurchased to, but not including, the Second Change of Control Payment Date. 

-16- 

ARTICLE V 

COVENANTS 

Section 5.01 Limitation on Liens. 

(a) The Company shall not, and shall not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, issue, assume or guarantee any Indebtedness secured by any
Mortgage upon any Principal Property of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary without equally and ratably securing the Notes (and, if the Company so determines, any other Indebtedness ranking equally with the Notes) with such Indebtedness;
provided, however, that the foregoing restrictions shall not prevent the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary from issuing, assuming or guaranteeing any Indebtedness secured by a Permitted Mortgage. 

(b) Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection (a) of this Section 5.01, the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary may, in addition
to Mortgages permitted by subsection (a) of this Section 5.01 and without equally and ratably securing the Notes, create or assume and renew, extend or replace Mortgages which would otherwise be subject to such subsection (a), provided
that at the time of such creation, assumption, renewal, extension or replacement, and after giving effect thereto, Exempted Debt does not exceed 15% of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets. 

Section 5.02 Limitations on Sale and Leaseback Transactions. 

(a) The Company shall not, and shall not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, enter into any Sale and Leaseback Transaction without equally
and ratably securing the Notes (and, if the Company so determines, any other Indebtedness ranking equally with the Notes) unless: 

(i) within 180 days after the receipt of the proceeds of such sale or transfer, the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary
applies an amount equal to the greater of the net proceeds of such sale or transfer or the fair value of such Principal Property at the time of such sale or transfer to any (or a combination) of (1) the prepayment or retirement (other than any
mandatory prepayment or retirement) of Senior Funded Debt of the Company or (2) the purchase, construction, development, expansion or improvement of other comparable property, subject in each case to credits for voluntary retirements of Senior
Funded Debt of the Company; or 

(ii) the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary would be entitled, at the effective date of
such sale or transfer, to incur Indebtedness secured by a Mortgage on such Principal Property, in an amount at least equal to the Attributable Debt in respect of the Sale and Leaseback Transaction, without equally and ratably securing the Notes
pursuant to the provisions of Section 5.01 above. 

-17- 

The foregoing restriction shall not apply to any Sale and Leaseback Transaction (w) for
a term of not more than three years including renewals, (x) with respect to a Principal Property if a binding commitment is entered into with respect to such Sale and Leaseback Transaction within three years after the later of
(1) February 10, 2025 or (2) the date when the applicable Principal Property was acquired, (y) with respect to a Principal Property if a binding commitment with respect thereto is entered into within 180 days after the later of
the date such property was acquired and, if applicable, the date such property was first placed in operation, or (z) between the Company and any Restricted Subsidiary or between Restricted Subsidiaries. 

(b) Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection (a) of this Section 5.02, the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary may, in addition
to Sale and Leaseback Transactions permitted by subsection (a) of this Section 5.02 and without equally and ratably securing the Notes, create or assume and renew, extend or replace Mortgages, or enter into any Sale and Leaseback
Transaction without any obligation to retire any Senior Funded Debt of the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary, provided that, at the time of such creation, assumption, renewal, extension or replacement of a Mortgage or at the time of entering into
such Sale and Leaseback Transaction, and after giving effect thereto, Exempted Debt does not exceed 15% of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets. 

ARTICLE VI 

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 

Section 6.01 Ratification of Base Indenture. This Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture is executed and shall be construed as an
indenture supplemental to the Base Indenture, and as supplemented and modified hereby, the Base Indenture is in all respects ratified and confirmed, and the Base Indenture and this Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture shall be read, taken and
construed as one and the same instrument. 

Section 6.02 Conflict with Trust Indenture Act. If any provision hereof limits,
qualifies or conflicts with another provision hereof, or with a provision of the Base Indenture, which is required to be included in this Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture, or in the Base Indenture, respectively, by any of the provisions of the
Trust Indenture Act, such required provision shall control to the extent it is applicable. 

Section 6.03 Effect of Headings.
The Article and Section headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof. 

Section 6.04
Successors and Assigns. All covenants and agreements in this Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture by the Company shall bind its successors and assigns, whether so expressed or not. 

Section 6.05 Separability Clause. In case any one or more of the provisions contained in this Thirty-Fourth Supplemental
Indenture or in the Notes shall for any reason be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 

Section 6.06 Governing Law. THIS THIRTY-FOURTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE AND THE NOTES SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN
ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

-18- 

WITHOUT REGARD TO ITS PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAWS (OTHER THAN SECTION 5-1401 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK), EXCEPT TO THE
EXTENT THAT THE TRUST INDENTURE ACT IS APPLICABLE, IN WHICH CASE THE TRUST INDENTURE ACT WILL GOVERN. 

Section 6.07
Counterparts. This Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture shall be valid, binding, and enforceable against a party when executed and delivered by an authorized individual on behalf of the party by means of (i) an original manual signature;
(ii) a faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature; or (iii) any other electronic signature permitted by the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, state enactments of the Uniform Electronic Transactions
Act, and/or any other relevant electronic signatures law, including any relevant provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code, in each case to the extent applicable. Each faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or other electronic signature,
shall for all purposes have the same validity, legal effect, and admissibility in evidence as an original manual signature. Each party hereto shall be entitled to conclusively rely upon, and shall have no liability with respect to, any faxed,
scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or other electronic signature, of any other party and shall have no duty to investigate, confirm or otherwise verify the validity or authenticity thereof. This Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture may be
executed in any number of counterparts, and each of such counterparts shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument. 

[Signature page follows] 

-19- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture
to be duly executed, all as of the day and year first above written. 

STRYKER CORPORATION

By: 

/s/ Lindsay Gardner

Name: Lindsay Gardner

Title: Vice President, Treasurer

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY,

NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

By: 

/s/ James Kowalski

Name: James Kowalski

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture] 

EXHIBIT A 

[Form of Face of 2030 Note] 

THIS
SECURITY IS A GLOBAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE THEREOF. THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE EXCHANGED IN WHOLE OR IN PART FOR A SECURITY REGISTERED, AND NO
TRANSFER OF THIS SECURITY IN WHOLE OR IN PART MAY BE REGISTERED, IN THE NAME OF ANY PERSON OTHER THAN SUCH DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE THEREOF, EXCEPT IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED IN THE INDENTURE. 

UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION
(DTC), TO THE COMPANY OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE, OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF
DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE
REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 

STRYKER CORPORATION 

4.850% Notes due 2030 

No. CUSIP NO. 863667 BL4

$ 

Stryker Corporation, a Michigan corporation (herein called the Company, which term includes any
successor Person under the Indenture hereinafter referred to), for value received, hereby promises to pay to Cede & Co., or registered assigns, the principal sum of Dollars on February 10, 2030 and to pay
interest thereon from February 10, 2025 or from the most recent Interest Payment Date to which interest has been paid or duly provided for, semi-annually on February 10 and August 10 in each year, commencing on August 10, 2025,
at the rate of 4.850% per annum, until the principal hereof is paid or made available for payment. The interest so payable, and punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date will, as provided in such Indenture, be paid to the
Person in whose name this Security is registered at the close of business on the Regular Record Date for such interest, which shall be the January 27 or July 27 (whether or not a Business Day), as the case may be, next preceding such
Interest Payment Date. Any such interest not so punctually paid or duly provided for will forthwith cease to be payable to the Holder on such Regular Record Date and may either be paid to the Person in whose name this Security is registered at the
close of business on a Special Record Date for the payment of such Defaulted Interest to be fixed by the Trustee, notice whereof shall be given to 

A-1 

Holders of Securities of this series not less than 10 days prior to such Special Record Date, or be paid at any time in any other lawful manner not inconsistent with the requirements of any
securities exchange on which the Securities of this series may be listed, and upon such notice as may be required by such exchange, all as more fully provided in said Indenture. 

Payment of the principal of (and premium, if any) and any such interest on this Security will be made at the office or agency of the Company
maintained for that purpose in The City of New York, State of New York or at the office or agency of the Paying Agent in The City of New York, State of New York, in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment is
legal tender for payment of public and private debts; provided, however, that at the option of the Company payment of interest may be made by (i) check mailed to the address of the Person entitled thereto as such address shall appear in the
Security Register or (ii) wire transfer in immediately available funds to the place and account designated in writing by the Person entitled to such payment as specified in the Security Register; and provided further, that if this Security is a
Global Note, payment may be made pursuant to the Applicable Procedures of the Depositary as permitted in the Indenture. 

Reference is
hereby made to the further provisions of this Security set forth on the reverse hereof, which further provisions shall for all purposes have the same effect as if set forth at this place. 

Unless the certificate of authentication hereof has been executed by the Trustee referred to on the reverse hereof by manual, facsimile or
electronic signature, this Security shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed under its corporate seal. 

STRYKER CORPORATION

By: 

Name:

Title:

Attest:

By: 

Name:

Title:

A-2 

CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION 

This is one of the Securities of the series designated therein referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture. 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

As Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signatory

Dated:

A-3 

[Form of Reverse of 2030 Note] 

This Security is one of a duly authorized issue of securities of the Company (herein called the Securities), issued and to be
issued in one or more series under an Indenture, dated as of January 15, 2010 (the Base Indenture), as supplemented by the Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 10, 2025 (the Supplemental
Indenture and, together with the Base Indenture, the Indenture), between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, a nationally chartered banking association, as Trustee (herein called the Trustee,
which term includes any successor trustee under the Indenture), and reference is hereby made to the Indenture for a statement of the respective rights, limitations of rights, duties and immunities thereunder of the Company, the Trustee and the
Holders of the Securities and of the terms upon which the Securities are, and are to be, authenticated and delivered. This Security is one of the series designated on the face hereof, initially limited in aggregate principal amount to $800,000,000,
provided that the Company may, without the consent of any Holder, at any time and from time to time increase the initial principal amount. 

The Securities of this series are subject to redemption as provided in Sections 3.01 and 3.02 of the Supplemental Indenture and Article
XI of the Base Indenture. 

This Security will not be subject to any sinking fund. 

The Indenture contains provisions for defeasance at any time of the entire indebtedness of this Security or certain restrictive covenants and
Events of Default with respect to this Security, in each case upon compliance with certain conditions set forth in the Indenture. 

If an
Event of Default with respect to Securities of this series shall occur and be continuing, the principal of the Securities of this series may be declared due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture. 

The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations
of the Company and the rights of the Holders of the Securities of each series to be affected under the Indenture at any time by the Company and the Trustee with the consent of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Securities at the
time Outstanding of each series to be affected. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the Holders of specified percentages in principal amount of the Securities of each series at the time Outstanding, on behalf of the Holders of all
Securities of such series, to waive compliance by the Company with certain provisions of the Indenture and certain past defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or waiver by the Holder of this Security shall be
conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Security and of any Security issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange herefor or in lieu hereof, whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is
made upon this Security. 

R-1 

As provided in and subject to the provisions of the Indenture, the Holder of this Security
shall not have the right to institute any proceeding with respect to the Indenture or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee or for any other remedy thereunder, unless such Holder shall have previously given the Trustee written notice of a
continuing Event of Default with respect to the Securities of this series, the Holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of the Securities of this series at the time Outstanding shall have made written request to the Trustee to institute
proceedings in respect of such Event of Default as Trustee and offered the Trustee reasonable indemnity, and the Trustee shall not have received from the Holders of a majority in principal amount of Securities of this series at the time Outstanding
a direction inconsistent with such request, and shall have failed to institute any such proceeding, for 60 days after receipt of such notice, request and offer of indemnity. The foregoing shall not apply to any suit instituted by the Holder of this
Security for the enforcement of any payment of principal hereof or any premium or interest hereon on or after the respective due dates expressed herein. 

No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Security or of the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the
Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of and any premium and interest on this Security at the times, place and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed. 

As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, the transfer of this Security is registrable in the
Security Register, upon surrender of this Security for registration of transfer at the office or agency of the Company in any place where the principal of and any premium and interest on this Security are payable, duly endorsed by, or accompanied by
a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Security Registrar duly executed by, the Holder hereof or his attorney duly authorized in writing, and thereupon one or more new Securities of this series and of like
tenor, of authorized denominations and for the same aggregate principal amount, will be issued to the designated transferee or transferees. 

The Securities of this series are issuable only in registered form without coupons in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral amounts of
$1,000 in excess thereof. As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, Securities of this series are exchangeable for a like aggregate principal amount of Securities of this series and of like tenor of a
different authorized denomination, as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. 

No service charge shall be made for any such
registration of transfer or exchange, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge payable in connection therewith. 

Prior to due presentment of this Security for registration of transfer, the Company, the Trustee and any agent of the Company or the Trustee
may treat the Person in whose name this Security is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether or not this Security be overdue, and neither the Company, the Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary. 

THE SECURITIES OF THIS SERIES SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. WITHOUT REGARD
TO ITS PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAWS (OTHER THAN SECTION 5-1401 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK), EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT THE TRUST INDENTURE ACT IS APPLICABLE, IN WHICH CASE THE
TRUST INDENTURE ACT WILL GOVERN. 

R-2 

This Security shall be valid, binding, and enforceable against a party when executed,
delivered and/or authenticated, as applicable, by an authorized individual on behalf of the party by means of (i) an original manual signature; (ii) a faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature; or (iii) any other electronic
signature permitted by the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, state enactments of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, and/or any other relevant electronic signatures law, including any relevant provisions of the
Uniform Commercial Code, in each case to the extent applicable. Each faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or other electronic signature, shall for all purposes have the same validity, legal effect, and admissibility in evidence as an
original manual signature. Each party hereto shall be entitled to conclusively rely upon, and shall have no liability with respect to, any faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or other electronic signature, of any other party and shall
have no duty to investigate, confirm or otherwise verify the validity or authenticity thereof. 

All terms used in this Security which are
defined in the Indenture shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture. 

R-3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.5
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>d907608dex45.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.5
<TEXT>
EX-4.5

Exhibit 4.5 

Execution Version 

Stryker Corporation 

and 

U.S. Bank Trust
Company, National Association, 

as Trustee 

Thirty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture 

Dated as of February 10, 2025 

to Senior Debt Indenture 

Dated as
of January 15, 2010 

Establishing a series of Securities designated 

5.200% Notes due 2035 

Table of Contents 

Page 

ARTICLE I 

DEFINITIONS AND INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE 

Section 1.01 Relation to Base Indenture 1 

Section 1.02 Definitions 2 

ARTICLE II 

CREATION, FORMS, TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE
SECURITIES 

Section 2.01 Creation of the Notes 9 

Section 2.02 Form of the Notes 9 

Section 2.03 Terms and Conditions of the Notes 10 

Section 2.04 Ranking 11 

Section 2.05 Sinking Fund 11 

Section 2.06 Place of Payment 11 

Section 2.07 Transfer and Exchange 11 

Section 2.08 Cancellation and/or Adjustment of Global Notes 12 

ARTICLE III 

REDEMPTION OF THE NOTES 

Section 3.01 Special Mandatory Redemption by the Company 13 

Section 3.02 Optional Redemption by the Company 14 

ARTICLE IV 

CHANGE OF CONTROL 

Section 4.01 Repurchase at the Option of Holders Upon Change of Control Repurchase Event 15 

ARTICLE V 

COVENANTS 

Section 5.01 Limitation on Liens 16 

Section 5.02 Limitations on Sale and Leaseback Transactions 17 

-i- 

ARTICLE VI 

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 

Section 6.01 Ratification of Base Indenture 18 

Section 6.02 Conflict with Trust Indenture Act 18 

Section 6.03 Effect of Headings 18 

Section 6.04 Successors and Assigns 18 

Section 6.05 Separability Clause 18 

Section 6.06 Governing Law 18 

Section 6.07 Counterparts 18 

-ii- 

THIRTY-FIFTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, dated as of February 10, 2025 (this
Thirty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture), between Stryker Corporation, a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the State of Michigan (herein called the Company), having its principal office at 1941 Stryker
Way, Portage, Michigan, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, a nationally chartered banking association, as trustee (herein called the Trustee). 

RECITALS OF THE COMPANY 

WHEREAS, the Company and the Trustee have heretofore executed and delivered an Indenture, dated as of January 15, 2010 (the Base
Indenture and, together with this Thirty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture, the Indenture), providing for the issuance from time to time of the Companys debentures, notes or other evidences of indebtedness (herein and therein
called the Securities), to be issued in one or more series as provided in the Base Indenture; 

WHEREAS, Section 901 of
the Base Indenture permits the Company and the Trustee to enter into a supplemental indenture to the Base Indenture to establish the form and terms of any series of Securities; 

WHEREAS, Section 201 of the Base Indenture permits the form of Securities of any series to be established in a supplemental indenture to
the Base Indenture; 

WHEREAS, Section 301 of the Base Indenture permits certain terms of any series of Securities to be established
pursuant to a supplemental indenture to the Base Indenture; 

WHEREAS, pursuant to Sections 201 and 301 of the Base Indenture, the Company
desires to provide for the establishment of a new series of Securities in an aggregate principal amount of $1,000,000,000 to be designated the 5.200% Notes due 2035 (hereinafter called the Notes) under the Base Indenture, the
form and substance of such Notes and the terms, provisions and conditions thereof to be set forth as provided in the Base Indenture and this Thirty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture; and 

WHEREAS, all things necessary to make this Thirty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture a valid agreement of the Company, in accordance with its
terms, have been done; 

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the foregoing and the purchase of the Notes established by this
Thirty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture by the holders thereof (the Holders), it is mutually agreed, for the equal and proportionate benefit of all such Holders, as follows: 

ARTICLE I 

DEFINITIONS AND INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE 

Section 1.01 Relation to Base Indenture. This Thirty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture constitutes a part of the Base Indenture (the
provisions of which, as modified by this Thirty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture, shall apply to the Notes) in respect of the Notes but shall not modify, amend or otherwise affect the Base Indenture insofar as it relates to any other series of
Securities or modify, amend or otherwise affect in any manner the terms and conditions of the Securities of any other series. 

Section 1.02 Definitions. For all purposes of this Thirty-Fifth Supplemental
Indenture, the capitalized terms used herein (i) which are defined in this Section 1.02 have the respective meanings assigned hereto in this Section 1.02 and (ii) which are defined in the Base Indenture (and which are not defined
in this Section 1.02) have the respective meanings assigned thereto in the Base Indenture. For all purposes of this Thirty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture: 

(a) Unless the context otherwise requires, any reference to an Article or Section refers to an Article or Section, as the case may be, of
this Thirty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture; 

(b) The words herein, hereof and hereunder and words of
similar import refer to this Thirty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture as a whole and not to any particular Article, Section or other subdivision; 

(c) Headings are for convenience or reference only and do not affect interpretations; and 

(d) The terms defined in this Section 1.02(d) have the meanings assigned to them in this Section and include the plural as well as
the singular: 

Applicable Procedures has the meaning set forth in Section 2.07(a). 

Attributable Debt in respect of a Sale and Leaseback Transaction means, at the time of determination, the present value
(discounted at the imputed rate of interest of such transaction as determined in good faith by the Company) of the obligation of the lessee for net rental payments during the remaining term of the lease included in such Sale and Leaseback
Transaction (including any period for which such lease has been extended or may, at the option of the lessor, be extended). The term net rental payments under any lease for any period means the sum of the rental and other payments
required to be paid in such period by the lessee thereunder, not including any amounts required to be paid by such lessee (whether or not designated as rental or additional rent) on account of maintenance and repairs, insurance, taxes, assessments,
water rates or similar charges required to be paid by such lessee thereunder or any amount required to be paid by lessee thereunder contingent upon the amount of maintenance and repairs, insurance, taxes, assessments, water rates or similar charges.
In the case of any lease that is terminable by the lessee upon the payment of a penalty, such net amount shall be the lesser of (x) the net amount determined assuming termination upon the first date such lease may be terminated (in which case
the net amount shall also include the amount of the penalty, but shall not include any rent that would be required to be paid under such lease subsequent to the first date upon which it may be so terminated) or (y) the net amount determined
assuming no such termination. 

Base Indenture has the meaning given to such term in the recitals hereof. 

-2- 

Below Investment Grade Rating Event means the Notes are rated below Investment
Grade by each of the Rating Agencies on any date during the period commencing upon the first public notice of the occurrence of a Change of Control or the Companys intention to effect a Change of Control and ending 60 days following public
notice of the occurrence of the related Change of Control (which period shall be extended so long as the rating of the Notes is under publicly announced consideration for possible downgrade by any of the Rating Agencies, provided that no such
extension shall occur if on such 60th day the Notes are rated Investment Grade by at least one of such Rating Agency and are not subject to review for possible downgrade by such Rating Agency);
provided further that a Below Investment Grade Rating Event otherwise arising by virtue of a particular reduction in rating shall not be deemed to have occurred in respect of a particular Change of Control (and thus shall not be deemed a Below
Investment Grade Rating Event for purposes of the definition of Change of Control Repurchase Event hereunder) if the Rating Agencies making the reduction in rating to which this definition would otherwise apply do not announce or publicly confirm or
inform the Trustee in writing at its request that the reduction was the result, in whole or in part, of any event or circumstance comprised of or arising as a result of, or in respect of, the applicable Change of Control (whether or not the
applicable Change of Control shall have occurred at the time of the Below Investment Grade Rating Event). 

Business Day means
any day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, that is neither a legal holiday nor a day on which the Trustee or banking institutions in The City of New York are authorized or required by law or regulation to close. 

Change of Control means the occurrence of any of the following: 

1. the direct or indirect sale, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger or consolidation), in
one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the Companys assets and those of the Companys Subsidiaries taken as a whole to any person (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange
Act), other than the Company or one of the Companys Subsidiaries; 

2. the adoption of a plan relating to the
Companys liquidation or dissolution; 

3. the consummation of any transaction (including, without limitation, any
merger or consolidation) the result of which is that any person (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), other than the Company or one or more of its Subsidiaries, becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in
Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the then outstanding number of shares of the Companys Voting Stock. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction shall not be considered to be a Change of Control if (a) the Company becomes a direct or
indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of a holding company and (b)(i) immediately following that transaction, the direct or indirect holders of the Voting Stock of the holding company are substantially the same as the holders of the Companys Voting
Stock immediately prior to that transaction or (ii) immediately following that transaction, no person is the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the Voting Stock of such holding company. 

Change of Control Repurchase Event means the occurrence of both a Change of Control and a Below Investment Grade Rating Event.

-3- 

Company has the meaning given to such term in the preamble hereof. 

Consolidated Net Tangible Assets means the total amounts of assets (less depreciation and valuation reserves and other reserves
and items deductible from gross book value of specific asset accounts under generally accepted accounting principles) that under generally accepted accounting principles would be included on a consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its
consolidated Restricted Subsidiaries after deducting (1) all current liabilities, excluding current liabilities that could be classified as long-term debt under generally accepted accounting principles and current liabilities that are by their
terms extendable or renewable at the obligors option to a time more than 12 months after the time as of which the amount of current liabilities is being computed; (2) Investments in Unrestricted Subsidiaries; and (3) all trade names,
trademarks, licenses, patents, copyrights and goodwill, organizational and development costs, deferred charges, other than prepaid items such as insurance, taxes, interest, commissions, rents and similar items and tangible assets being amortized,
and amortized debt discount and expense, less unamortized premium. 

Definitive Notes means certificated Notes registered in
the name of the Holder thereof and issued in accordance with Section 2.02 hereof, substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto, except that such Security shall not bear the Global Note Legend. 

Depositary means, with respect to Global Notes issued under this Thirty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture, DTC. 

Dollar and $ means the lawful currency of the United States of America. 

DTC means The Depository Trust Company, its nominees and their successors and assigns. 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time. 

Exempted Debt means the sum of the following items outstanding as of the date Exempted Debt is being determined
(1) Indebtedness of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries secured by a Mortgage and not permitted to exist under the Indenture and (2) Attributable Debt of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries in respect of all Sale and
Leaseback Transactions not permitted under the Indenture. 

Funded Debt means Indebtedness that matures more than one year from
the date of creation, or that is extendable or renewable at the sole option of the obligor so that it may become payable more than one year from such date. Funded Debt does not include (1) obligations created pursuant to leases, (2) any
Indebtedness or portion thereof maturing by its terms within one year from the time of any computation of the amount of outstanding Funded Debt unless such Indebtedness shall be extendable or renewable at the sole option of the obligor in such
manner that it may become payable more than one year from such time, or (3) any Indebtedness for the payment or redemption of which money in the necessary amount shall have been deposited in trust either at or before the maturity date thereof.

-4- 

Global Note means a single permanent fully-registered global note in book-entry
form, without coupons, substantially in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto. 

Global Note Legend means the legend set
forth in Section 202 of the Base Indenture. 

Holders has the meaning given to such term in the recitals hereof. 

Inari means Inari Medical, Inc., a corporation organized under the laws of Delaware. 

Inari Tender Offer means the tender offer contemplated by the Merger Agreement. 

Indebtedness means any and all of the obligations of a Person for money borrowed that in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles would be reflected on the balance sheet of such Person as a liability as of the date of which the Indebtedness is to be determined. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a change in generally accepted accounting principles subsequent
to November 30, 2018 shall not be deemed an incurrence of Indebtedness. 

Indenture has the meaning given to such term in
the recitals hereof. 

Indirect Participant means a Person who holds a beneficial interest in a Global Note through a
Participant. 

Interest Payment Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(c). 

Investment means any investment in stock, evidences of Indebtedness, loans or advances, however made or acquired, but does not
include the Companys account receivable or the accounts receivable of any Restricted Subsidiary arising from transactions in the ordinary course of business, or any evidences of Indebtedness, loans or advance made in connection with the sale
to any Subsidiary of the Companys accounts receivable or the accounts receivable of any Restricted Subsidiary arising from transactions in the ordinary course of business. 

Investment Grade means a rating of Baa3 or better by Moodys (or its equivalent under any successor rating categories of
Moodys) and a rating of BBB- or better by S&P (or its equivalent under any successor rating categories of S&P) or the equivalent investment grade credit rating from any additional Rating Agency
or Rating Agencies selected by the Company. 

Maturity Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(b) hereof. 

Merger Agreement means the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 6, 2025, by and among the Company and Inari, as
it may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with its terms. 

Moodys means
Moodys Investors Service Inc., a subsidiary of Moodys Corporation, and its successors. 

Mortgage means any
mortgage, security interest, pledge, lien or other encumbrance. 

Notes has the meaning given to such term in the recitals
hereof. 

-5- 

Participant means, with respect to the Depositary, a Person who has an account
with the Depositary. 

Par Call Date has the meaning set forth in Section 3.02(a). 

Permitted Mortgage means (a) any purchase money mortgage on such Principal Property prior to, simultaneously with or within
180 days after the later of (1) the acquisition or completion of construction or completion of substantial reconstruction, renovation, remodeling, expansion or improvement (each, a substantial improvement) of such Principal Property
or (2) the placing in operation of such property after the acquisition or completion of any such construction or substantial improvement; (b) Mortgages on a Principal Property existing at the time of acquisition, including acquisition
through merger or consolidation; (c) Mortgages existing on the date of the initial issuance of the Notes, Mortgages on assets of a corporation or other business entity existing on the date it becomes a Restricted Subsidiary or is merged or
consolidated with the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary or at the time the corporation or other business entity sells, leases or otherwise disposes of its property as an entirety or substantially as an entirety to the Company or a Restricted
Subsidiary or Mortgages on the assets of a Subsidiary that is newly designated as a Restricted Subsidiary if the Mortgage would have been permitted under the provisions of this paragraph if such Mortgage was created while the Subsidiary was a
Restricted Subsidiary; (d) Mortgages in favor of the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary; (e) Mortgages for taxes, assessments or governmental charges or levies that are not delinquent or that are being contested in good faith;
(f) carriers, warehousemens, materialmens, repairmens, mechanics, landlords and other similar Mortgages arising in ordinary course of business that are not delinquent or remain payable without penalty or that
are being contested in good faith; (g) Mortgages (other than any Mortgage imposed by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974) consisting of pledges or deposits required in the ordinary course of business in connection with
workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security legislation; (h) easements, rights-of-way, restrictions, encroachments, imperfections
and other similar encumbrances affecting real property that, in the aggregate, are not substantial in amount and do not in any case materially detract from the value of the Principal Property subject thereto or materially interfere with the ordinary
conduct of the Company and its Subsidiaries business, taken as a whole; (i) Mortgages arising by reason of deposits with, or the giving of any form of security to, any governmental agency or any body created or approved by law or
governmental regulation, including any zoning or similar law or right reserved to or vested in any governmental office or agency to control or regulate the use of any real property; (j) Mortgages arising from filing Uniform Commercial Code
financing statements relating solely to leases; and (k) Mortgages to secure Indebtedness incurred to extend, renew, refinance or replace Indebtedness secured by any Mortgages referred to above, provided that the principal amount of the
extended, renewed, refinanced or replaced Indebtedness does not exceed the principal amount of Indebtedness so extended, renewed, refinanced or replaced, plus transaction costs and fees, and that any such Mortgage applies only to the same property
or assets subject to the prior permitted Mortgage (and, in the case of real property, improvements). 

Principal Property means
all real property and improvements thereon owned by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary, including, without limitation, any manufacturing, warehouse, distribution or research facility, and improvements therein, having a net book value in excess
of 2% of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets that is located within the United States, 

-6- 

excluding its territories and possessions and Puerto Rico. This term does not include any real property and improvements thereon that the Companys Board of Directors declares by resolution
not to be of material importance to the total business conducted by the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole. 

Rating Agency means (1) each of Moodys and S&P; and (2) if any of Moodys or S&P ceases to rate the
Notes or fails to make a rating of the Notes publicly available for reasons outside of the Companys control, a nationally recognized statistical rating organization within the meaning of Section 3(a)(62) under the Exchange
Act, selected by the Company as a replacement agency for Moodys or S&P, or both of them, as the case may be. 

Redemption
Date means the Business Day on which Notes are redeemed by the Company pursuant to Section 3.02 hereof. 

Redemption
Price has the meaning set forth in Section 3.02(a). 

Registered Securities means any Securities which are
registered in the Security Register. 

Regular Record Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(c). 

Restricted Subsidiary means a Subsidiary that owns a Principal Property. 

S&P means S&P Global Ratings Inc., a division of S&P Global Inc. and its successors. 

Sale and Leaseback Transaction means an arrangement with any Person providing for the leasing by the Company or any Restricted
Subsidiary of any Principal Property owned or acquired thereafter that has been or is to be sold or transferred by the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary to such Person with the intention of taking back a lease of such Principal Property. 

Securities has the meaning given to such term in the recitals hereof. 

Senior Funded Debt means all Funded Debt (except Funded Debt, the payment of which is subordinated to the payment of the Notes).

Special Mandatory Redemption Date has the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(b). 

Special Mandatory Redemption End Date has the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(a). 

Special Mandatory Redemption Event has the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(a) 

Special Mandatory Redemption Notice Date has the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(b). 

Special Mandatory Redemption Price has the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(a). 

-7- 

Subsidiary means a corporation, partnership or other legal entity of which, in
the case of a corporation, more than 50% of the outstanding voting stock is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company or by one or more other Subsidiaries, or by the Company and one or more other Subsidiaries or, in the case of any partnership
or other legal entity, more than 50% of the ordinary capital interests is, at the time, directly or indirectly owned or controlled by the Company or by one or more other Subsidiaries. For the purposes of this definition, voting stock
means the equity interest that ordinarily has voting power for the election of directors, managers or trustees of an entity, or persons performing similar functions, whether at all times or only so long as no senior class of equity interest has such
voting power by reason of any contingency. 

Treasury Rate means, with respect to any Redemption Date, the yield determined by
the Company in accordance with the following two paragraphs: 

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Company after
4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third business day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or
yields for the most recent day that appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily) - H.15 (or any
successor designation or publication) (H.15) under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption or heading) (H.15 TCM). In determining the
Treasury Rate, the Company shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to the Par Call Date (the Remaining Life); or (2) if there is
no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant
maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Life and shall interpolate to the Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or
(3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable
Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the redemption date. 

If on the third business day preceding the redemption date H.15 TCM is no longer published, the Company shall calculate the
Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second business day preceding such redemption date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or with
a maturity that is closest to, the Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from the
Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the Par Call Date, the Company shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date. If there are
two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Par Call Date or two or more 

-8- 

United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Company shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States
Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this
paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such
United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. 

Trustee has the meaning given to such term in the
preamble hereof. 

Unrestricted Subsidiary means any Subsidiary other than a Restricted Subsidiary. 

Voting Stock of any specified Person as of any date means the capital stock of such Person that is at the time entitled to vote
generally in the election of the board of directors of such Person. 

ARTICLE II 

CREATION, FORMS, TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 

Section 2.01 Creation of the Notes. In accordance with Section 301 of the Base Indenture, the Company hereby creates the
Notes as a separate series of its securities issued pursuant to the Indenture. The Notes shall be issued initially in an aggregate principal amount of $1,000,000,000, except as permitted by Sections 304, 305 or 306 of the Base Indenture. 

Section 2.02 Form of the Notes. The Notes shall each be issued in the form of a Global Note, duly executed by the Company and
authenticated by the Trustee, which shall be deposited with the Trustee as custodian for DTC and registered in the name of Cede & Co., as the nominee of DTC. The Notes shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A
attached hereto (including the Global Note Legend thereon). Notes issued in definitive certificated form in accordance with the terms of the Base Indenture and this Thirty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture, if any, shall be substantially in the form of
Exhibit A attached hereto (but without the Global Note Legend thereon). So long as DTC, or its nominee, is the registered owner of a Global Note, DTC or its nominee, as the case may be, shall be considered the sole owner or Holder of the Notes
represented by such Global Note for all purposes under the Indenture. Ownership of beneficial interests in such Global Note shall be shown on, and transfers thereof shall be effected only through, records maintained by DTC (with respect to
beneficial interests of Participants) or by Participants or Persons that hold interests through Participants (with respect to beneficial interests of beneficial owners). In addition, the following provisions of clauses (1), (2), and (3) below
shall apply only to Global Notes: 

1. Notwithstanding any other provision in the Indenture, no Global Note may be exchanged
in whole or in part for Securities registered, and no transfer of a Global Note in whole or in part may be registered, in the name of any Person other than the Depositary for such Global Note or a nominee thereof unless (A) such Depositary has

-9- 

notified the Company that it is unwilling or unable or no longer permitted under applicable law to continue as Depositary for such Global Note and the Company has not appointed a successor
Depositary within 90 days of receipt of such notice or has ceased to be a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act, (B) there shall have occurred and be continuing an Event of Default with respect to such Global Note or (C) the
Company (subject to the procedures of the Depositary) so directs the Trustee by Company Order. Beneficial interests in Global Notes may be exchanged for Definitive Notes of the same series upon request but only upon at least 30 days prior
written notice given to the Trustee by or on behalf of the Depositary in accordance with customary procedures. 

2. Subject
to clause (1) above, any exchange of a Global Note for other Securities may be made in whole or in part, and all Securities issued in exchange for a Global Note or any portion thereof shall be registered in such names as the Depositary for such
Global Note shall direct. 

3. Every Security authenticated and delivered upon registration of transfer of, or in exchange
for or in lieu of, a Global Note or any portion thereof, shall be authenticated and delivered in the form of, and shall be, a Global Note, unless such note is registered in the name of a Person other than the Depositary for such Global Note or a
nominee thereof. 

Section 2.03 Terms and Conditions of the Notes. The Notes shall be governed by all the terms and conditions
of the Base Indenture, as supplemented by this Thirty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture. In particular, the following provisions shall be terms of the Notes: 

(a) Title and Aggregate Principal Amount. The title of the Notes shall be as specified in the Recitals of the Company; and the aggregate
principal amount of the Notes shall be as specified in Section 2.01 of this Article II, except as permitted by Sections 304, 305 or 306 of the Base Indenture. 

(b) Stated Maturity. The Notes shall mature, and the unpaid principal thereon shall be payable, on February 10, 2035 (the
Maturity Date), subject to the provisions of the Base Indenture and Articles III and IV below. 

(c) Interest. The rate
per annum at which interest shall be payable on the Notes shall be 5.200%. Interest on the Notes shall be payable semi-annually in arrears on each February 10 and August 10, commencing on August 10, 2025 (each, an Interest
Payment Date), to the Persons in whose names the applicable Notes are registered in the Security Register applicable to the Notes at the close of business on the immediately preceding January 27 or July 27, respectively, prior to the
applicable Interest Payment Date regardless of whether such day is a Business Day (each, a Regular Record Date). Interest on the Notes shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of
twelve 30-day months. Interest on the Notes shall accrue from and including February 10, 2025. If an Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the payment shall
be made on the next Business Day as if it were made on the date the payment was due, and no interest shall accrue on the amount so payable for the period from and after that Interest Payment Date or the Maturity

-10- 

Date, as the case may be, to the date the payment is made. Interest payments shall include accrued interest from and including the date of issue or from and including the last date in respect of
which interest has been paid, as the case may be, to, but excluding, the Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date, as the case may be. 

(d) Registration and Form. The Notes shall be issuable as Registered Securities as provided in Section 2.02 of this Article II.
The Notes shall be issued and may be transferred only in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. Principal of and interest on the Notes will be payable, and the Notes will be transferable or exchangeable,
at the office or offices or agency maintained by the Company for these purposes. Payment of interest on the Notes may be made at the Companys option by check mailed to the registered holders thereof. 

(e) Defeasance and Covenant Defeasance. The provisions for defeasance in Section 1302 of the Base Indenture, and the provisions
for covenant defeasance in Section 1303 of the Base Indenture, shall be applicable to the Notes. 

(f) Further Issues.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in the Base Indenture, the Company may, from time to time, without notice to, or the consent of, the Holders, create and issue additional Notes of this series having the same ranking and
terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects, except for the issue date, the public offering price and, in some cases, the first Interest Payment Date (the Additional Notes). Any Additional Notes having similar terms, together with
the Notes of this series, shall be consolidated with and shall form a single series with the previously outstanding Notes. If the Additional Notes are not fungible with the previously outstanding Notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the
Additional Notes will have a separate CUSIP number. Notice of any such issuance shall be given to the Trustee and a new supplemental indenture shall be executed in connection with the issuance of such Additional Notes. 

(g) Other Terms and Conditions. The Notes shall have such other terms and conditions as provided in the form thereof attached as
Exhibit A. 

Section 2.04 Ranking. The Notes shall be general unsecured obligations of the Company. The Notes shall rank
pari passu in right of payment with all unsecured and unsubordinated Indebtedness, including, without limitation, any unsecured senior Indebtedness, of the Company and senior in right of payment to all subordinated Indebtedness of the Company. 

Section 2.05 Sinking Fund. The Notes shall not be entitled to any sinking fund. 

Section 2.06 Place of Payment. The Place of Payment in respect of the Notes will be at the office or agency of the Company in The
City of New York, State of New York or at the office or agency of the Paying Agent in The City of New York, State of New York. 

-11- 

Section 2.07 Transfer and Exchange. 

(a) The transfer and exchange of beneficial interests in the Global Notes shall be effected through the Depositary, in accordance with the
provisions of the Base Indenture, this Thirty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture and the then applicable procedures of the Depositary (the Applicable Procedures). In connection with all transfers and exchanges of beneficial interests, the
transferor of such beneficial interest must deliver to the Trustee either (A)(1) a written order from a Participant or an Indirect Participant given to the Depositary in accordance with the Applicable Procedures directing the Depositary to credit or
cause to be credited a beneficial interest in another Global Note in an amount equal to the beneficial interest to be transferred or exchanged and (2) instructions given in accordance with the Applicable Procedures containing information
regarding the Participant account to be credited with such increase or, if Definitive Notes are at such time permitted to be issued pursuant to this Thirty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture and the Base Indenture, (B)(1) a written order from a
Participant or an Indirect Participant given to the Depositary in accordance with the Applicable Procedures directing the Depositary to cause to be issued a Definitive Note in an amount equal to the beneficial interest to be transferred or exchanged
and (2) instructions given by the Depositary to the Security Registrar containing information regarding the Person in whose name such Definitive Note shall be registered to effect the transfer or exchange referred to in (1) above. Upon
satisfaction of all of the requirements for transfer or exchange of beneficial interests in Global Notes contained in the Base Indenture, this Thirty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture and the Notes or otherwise applicable under the Securities Act, the
Security Registrar shall adjust the principal amount of the relevant Global Notes pursuant to Section 2.08 hereof. 

(b) Upon request
by a Holder of Definitive Notes and such Holders compliance with the provisions of this Section 2.07(b), the Security Registrar shall register the transfer or exchange of Definitive Notes. Prior to such registration of transfer or
exchange, the requesting Holder shall present or surrender to the Trustee the Definitive Notes duly endorsed or accompanied by a written instruction of transfer in form satisfactory to the Security Registrar duly executed by such Holder or by its
attorney, duly authorized in writing. The Trustee shall cancel any such Definitive Notes so surrendered, and the Company shall execute and, upon receipt of a Company Order pursuant to Section 303 of the Base Indenture, the Trustee shall
authenticate and deliver to the Person designated in the instructions a new Definitive Note in the appropriate principal amount. Any Definitive Note issued pursuant to this Section 2.07(b) shall be registered in such name or names and in such
authorized denomination or denominations as the Holder of such beneficial interest shall instruct the Security Registrar through instructions from the Depositary and the Participant or Indirect Participant. The Trustee shall deliver such Definitive
Notes to the Persons in whose names such Definitive Notes are so registered. In addition, the requesting Holder shall provide any additional certifications, documents and information, as applicable, required pursuant to Section 305 of the Base
Indenture. 

Section 2.08 Cancellation and/or Adjustment of Global Notes. At such time as all beneficial interests in a
particular Global Note have been exchanged for Definitive Notes or a particular Global Note has been redeemed, repurchased or cancelled in whole and not in part, each such Global Note shall be returned to or retained and cancelled by the Trustee in
accordance with Section 309 of the Base Indenture. At any time prior to such cancellation, if any beneficial interest in a Global Note is exchanged for or transferred to a Person who will take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial
interest in another Global Note or for Definitive Notes, the principal amount of Securities represented by such Global Note shall be reduced accordingly and an endorsement shall be made on such Global Note by the Trustee or by the Depositary at the
direction of the Trustee to reflect such reduction; and if the beneficial interest is being exchanged for or transferred to a Person who will take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in another Global Note, such other Global Note
shall be increased accordingly and an endorsement shall be made on such Global Note by the Security Registrar or by the Depositary at the direction of the Security Registrar to reflect such increase. 

-12- 

ARTICLE III 

REDEMPTION OF THE NOTES 

Section 3.01 Special Mandatory Redemption by the Company. 

(a) If (i) the Company does not satisfy the minimum tender and other conditions in the Merger Agreement and does not consummate the Inari
Tender Offer on or prior to the later of (x) July 7, 2025 (as such date may be extended in accordance with the Merger Agreement to October 6, 2025) and (y) the date that is five business days after any later date to which the
Company and Inari may agree to extend the End Date in the Merger Agreement (the Special Mandatory Redemption End Date), or (ii) at any time prior to the Special Mandatory Redemption End Date, the Company notifies the
Trustee in writing that the Merger Agreement has been terminated (each, a Special Mandatory Redemption Event), the Company shall redeem the Notes in whole and not in part for cash at a special mandatory redemption price (the
Special Mandatory Redemption Price) equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the Special Mandatory Redemption Date (subject to the right of Holders of
record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on any interest payment date that is on or prior to the Special Mandatory Redemption Date, as described in Section 3.01(c) below). 

(b) Upon the occurrence of a Special Mandatory Redemption Event, the Company shall promptly (but in no event later than ten Business Days
following such Special Mandatory Redemption Event) notify the Trustee in writing of such event in an Officers Certificate, and the Trustee shall, no later than five Business Days following receipt of such notice from the Company, notify the
Holders (such date of notification to the Holders, the Special Mandatory Redemption Notice Date) that all of the Notes outstanding will be redeemed at the Special Mandatory Redemption Price on the third Business Day following the Special
Mandatory Redemption Notice Date (such date, the Special Mandatory Redemption Date) automatically and without any further action by the Holders, in accordance with the applicable provisions set forth herein and in Article XI of the Base
Indenture, the form of such notice to the Holders to be included in such notice to the Trustee. At or prior to 12:00 p.m., New York City time, on the Business Day immediately preceding the Special Mandatory Redemption Date, the Company shall deposit
with the Trustee funds sufficient to pay the Special Mandatory Redemption Price for the Notes. If such deposit is made as provided above, the Notes will cease to bear interest on and after the Special Mandatory Redemption Date. For the avoidance of
doubt, a failure by the Company to pay the Special Mandatory Redemption Price on a Special Mandatory Redemption Date in accordance with the terms as set forth in this Section 3.01 shall constitute an Event of Default under the meaning of
Section 501 of the Base Indenture. 

-13- 

(c) Notwithstanding subsection (a) above, installments of interest on the Notes that
are due and payable on any Interest Payment Date falling on or prior to a Special Mandatory Redemption Date shall be payable on such Interest Payment Date to the registered Holders as of the close of business on the relevant Regular Record Date
according to the terms of the Notes and the Indenture. Unless the Company defaults in payment of the Special Mandatory Redemption Price, on and after the Special Mandatory Redemption Date interest shall cease to accrue on any Notes or portions
thereof that are called for redemption. 

Section 3.02 Optional Redemption by the Company. 

(a) Prior to November 10, 2034 (the Par Call Date), the Company shall have the right to redeem the Notes at its option, in
whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of: 

(i) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to
the Redemption Date (assuming the Notes matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury
Rate plus 15 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the Redemption Date; and 

(ii) 100% of the principal amount of
the Notes to be redeemed; 

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the Redemption Date. 

(b) On or after the Par Call Date, the Company may redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption
price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the Redemption Date. 

(c) Unless the Company defaults in payment of the Redemption Price, on and after the Redemption Date, interest shall cease to accrue on any
Notes or portions thereof that are called for redemption. 

(d) Notices of redemption pursuant to this Section 3.02 shall be mailed
(or, in the case of Notes held in book-entry form, be transmitted electronically) at least ten (10) but not more than sixty (60) days before the Redemption Date to each Holder of the Notes to be redeemed at its registered address. The
Company shall calculate the Redemption Price and shall deliver an Officers Certificate to the Trustee setting forth the Redemption Price no later than two Business Days prior to the Redemption Date. 

(e) If less than all of the Notes are to be redeemed at any time, the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by lot by DTC, in the case of
Global Notes, or by the Trustee by a method the Trustee deems to be fair and appropriate, in the case of Notes that are not represented by a Global Note. 

(f) Notice of any redemption may, at the Companys discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, including, but not limited
to, completion of an equity offering, a financing, or other corporate transaction. In addition, if such redemption or notice is subject to satisfaction of one or more conditions precedent, such notice shall state that, in the Companys
discretion, such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied by the Redemption Date. 

-14- 

ARTICLE IV 

CHANGE OF CONTROL 

Section 4.01 Repurchase at the Option of Holders Upon Change of Control Repurchase Event. 

(a) If a Change of Control Repurchase Event occurs, unless the Company has exercised its right to redeem the Notes pursuant to the Indenture,
the Company shall be required to make an offer (a Change of Control Offer) to each Holder of the Notes to repurchase all or any part (in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof) of that
Holders Notes at a repurchase price in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes repurchased plus any accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes repurchased to, but not including, the date of such repurchase. 

(b) Within thirty (30) days following any Change of Control Repurchase Event or, at the option of the Company, prior to any Change of
Control, but after the public announcement of an impending Change of Control, the Company shall mail a notice to each Holder, with a copy to the Trustee, describing the transaction or transactions that constitute or may constitute the Change of
Control Repurchase Event and offering to repurchase the Notes on the payment date specified in the notice, which date shall be no earlier than thirty (30) days and no later than sixty (60) days from the date such notice is mailed. The
notice shall, if mailed prior to the date of consummation of the Change of Control, state that the offer to purchase is conditioned on the Change of Control Repurchase Event occurring on or prior to the payment date specified in the notice. 

(c) The Company shall comply with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the Exchange Act, and any other
securities laws and regulations thereunder, to the extent those laws and regulations are applicable in connection with the repurchase of the Notes as a result of a Change of Control Repurchase Event. To the extent that the provisions of any
securities laws or regulations conflict with the Change of Control Repurchase Event provisions of the Notes, the Company shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and shall not be deemed to have breached its obligations under
the Change of Control Repurchase Event provisions of the Notes or the Indenture by virtue of such conflict. 

(d) On the Change of Control
Repurchase Event payment date, the Company shall, to the extent lawful: 

(i) accept for payment all the Notes or portions
of the Notes (in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof) properly tendered pursuant to its offer; 

(ii) deposit with the Paying Agent an amount equal to the aggregate purchase price in respect of all the Notes or portions of
the Notes properly tendered; and 

(iii) deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee for cancellation the Notes properly
accepted, together with an Officers Certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of Notes being repurchased by the Company. 

-15- 

(e) The Paying Agent shall promptly mail to each Holder of Notes properly tendered the
purchase price for the Notes, and the Trustee shall promptly authenticate and mail (or, if a Global Note, to be adjusted on the Schedule of Exchanges attached thereto) to each Holder a new Note equal in principal amount to any unpurchased
portion of any Notes surrendered; provided, that each new Note shall be in minimum denominations of $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof. 

(f) The Company shall not be required to make a Change of Control Offer upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event if (i) a third party
makes such an offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for a Change of Control Offer made by the Company and such third party purchases all Notes properly tendered and not withdrawn under its offer or
(ii) the Company has previously or concurrently mailed a redemption notice with respect to all of the outstanding Notes pursuant to Section 3.02(d). 

(g) If Holders of not less than 90% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes validly tender and do not withdraw such Notes in a
Change of Control Offer and the Company, or any third party making such an offer in lieu of the Company pursuant to subsection (f) of this Section 4.01, purchases all of the Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn by such Holders, the
Company or such third party will have the right, upon not less than ten (10) days nor more than sixty (60) days prior notice, provided that such notice is given not more than thirty (30) days following such repurchase pursuant
to subsection (b) of this Section 4.01, to redeem all Notes that remain outstanding following such purchase on a date specified in such notice (the Second Change of Control Payment Date) and at a price in cash equal to 101% of
the aggregate principal amount of Notes repurchased plus any accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes repurchased to, but not including, the Second Change of Control Payment Date. 

ARTICLE V 

COVENANTS 

Section 5.01 Limitation on Liens. 

(a) The Company shall not, and shall not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, issue, assume or guarantee any Indebtedness secured by any
Mortgage upon any Principal Property of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary without equally and ratably securing the Notes (and, if the Company so determines, any other Indebtedness ranking equally with the Notes) with such Indebtedness;
provided, however, that the foregoing restrictions shall not prevent the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary from issuing, assuming or guaranteeing any Indebtedness secured by a Permitted Mortgage. 

-16- 

(b) Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection (a) of this Section 5.01, the
Company or any Restricted Subsidiary may, in addition to Mortgages permitted by subsection (a) of this Section 5.01 and without equally and ratably securing the Notes, create or assume and renew, extend or replace Mortgages which would
otherwise be subject to such subsection (a), provided that at the time of such creation, assumption, renewal, extension or replacement, and after giving effect thereto, Exempted Debt does not exceed 15% of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets. 

Section 5.02 Limitations on Sale and Leaseback Transactions. 

(a) The Company shall not, and shall not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, enter into any Sale and Leaseback Transaction without equally
and ratably securing the Notes (and, if the Company so determines, any other Indebtedness ranking equally with the Notes) unless: 

(i) within 180 days after the receipt of the proceeds of such sale or transfer, the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary
applies an amount equal to the greater of the net proceeds of such sale or transfer or the fair value of such Principal Property at the time of such sale or transfer to any (or a combination) of (1) the prepayment or retirement (other than any
mandatory prepayment or retirement) of Senior Funded Debt of the Company or (2) the purchase, construction, development, expansion or improvement of other comparable property, subject in each case to credits for voluntary retirements of Senior
Funded Debt of the Company; or 

(ii) the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary would be entitled, at the effective date of
such sale or transfer, to incur Indebtedness secured by a Mortgage on such Principal Property, in an amount at least equal to the Attributable Debt in respect of the Sale and Leaseback Transaction, without equally and ratably securing the Notes
pursuant to the provisions of Section 5.01 above. 

The foregoing restriction shall not apply to any Sale and Leaseback Transaction
(w) for a term of not more than three years including renewals, (x) with respect to a Principal Property if a binding commitment is entered into with respect to such Sale and Leaseback Transaction within three years after the later of
(1) February 10, 2025 or (2) the date when the applicable Principal Property was acquired, (y) with respect to a Principal Property if a binding commitment with respect thereto is entered into within 180 days after the later of
the date such property was acquired and, if applicable, the date such property was first placed in operation, or (z) between the Company and any Restricted Subsidiary or between Restricted Subsidiaries. 

(b) Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection (a) of this Section 5.02, the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary may, in addition
to Sale and Leaseback Transactions permitted by subsection (a) of this Section 5.02 and without equally and ratably securing the Notes, create or assume and renew, extend or replace Mortgages, or enter into any Sale and Leaseback
Transaction without any obligation to retire any Senior Funded Debt of the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary, provided that, at the time of such creation, assumption, renewal, extension or replacement of a Mortgage or at the time of entering into
such Sale and Leaseback Transaction, and after giving effect thereto, Exempted Debt does not exceed 15% of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets. 

-17- 

ARTICLE VI 

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 

Section 6.01 Ratification of Base Indenture. This Thirty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture is executed and shall be construed as an
indenture supplemental to the Base Indenture, and as supplemented and modified hereby, the Base Indenture is in all respects ratified and confirmed, and the Base Indenture and this Thirty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture shall be read, taken and
construed as one and the same instrument. 

Section 6.02 Conflict with Trust Indenture Act. If any provision hereof limits,
qualifies or conflicts with another provision hereof, or with a provision of the Base Indenture, which is required to be included in this Thirty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture, or in the Base Indenture, respectively, by any of the provisions of the
Trust Indenture Act, such required provision shall control to the extent it is applicable. 

Section 6.03 Effect of Headings.
The Article and Section headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof. 

Section 6.04
Successors and Assigns. All covenants and agreements in this Thirty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture by the Company shall bind its successors and assigns, whether so expressed or not. 

Section 6.05 Separability Clause. In case any one or more of the provisions contained in this Thirty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture
or in the Notes shall for any reason be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 

Section 6.06 Governing Law. THIS THIRTY-FIFTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE AND THE NOTES SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN
ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. WITHOUT REGARD TO ITS PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAWS (OTHER THAN SECTION 5-1401 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK), EXCEPT TO
THE EXTENT THAT THE TRUST INDENTURE ACT IS APPLICABLE, IN WHICH CASE THE TRUST INDENTURE ACT WILL GOVERN. 

Section 6.07
Counterparts. This Thirty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture shall be valid, binding, and enforceable against a party when executed and delivered by an authorized individual on behalf of the party by means of (i) an original manual signature;
(ii) a faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature; or (iii) any other electronic signature permitted by the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, state enactments of the Uniform Electronic Transactions
Act, and/or any other relevant electronic signatures law, including any relevant provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code, in each case to the extent applicable. Each faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or other electronic signature,
shall for all purposes have the same validity, legal effect, and admissibility in evidence as an original manual signature. Each party hereto shall be entitled to conclusively rely upon, and shall have no liability with respect to, any faxed,
scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or other 

-18- 

electronic signature, of any other party and shall have no duty to investigate, confirm or otherwise verify the validity or authenticity thereof. This Thirty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture may be
executed in any number of counterparts, and each of such counterparts shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument. 

[Signature page follows] 

-19- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Thirty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture
to be duly executed, all as of the day and year first above written. 

STRYKER CORPORATION

By: /s/ Lindsay Gardner

Name: Lindsay Gardner

Title: Vice President, Treasurer

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY,

NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

By: /s/ James Kowalski

Name: James Kowalski

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to
Thirty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture] 

EXHIBIT A 

[Form of Face of 2035 Note] 

THIS
SECURITY IS A GLOBAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE THEREOF. THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE EXCHANGED IN WHOLE OR IN PART FOR A SECURITY REGISTERED, AND NO
TRANSFER OF THIS SECURITY IN WHOLE OR IN PART MAY BE REGISTERED, IN THE NAME OF ANY PERSON OTHER THAN SUCH DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE THEREOF, EXCEPT IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED IN THE INDENTURE. 

UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION
(DTC), TO THE COMPANY OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE, OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF
DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE
REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 

STRYKER CORPORATION 

5.200% Notes due 2035 

No. 

CUSIP NO. 863667 BM2

$ 

Stryker Corporation, a Michigan corporation (herein called the Company, which term includes any
successor Person under the Indenture hereinafter referred to), for value received, hereby promises to pay to Cede & Co., or registered assigns, the principal sum of Dollars on February 10, 2035 and to pay
interest thereon from February 10, 2025 or from the most recent Interest Payment Date to which interest has been paid or duly provided for, semi-annually on February 10 and August 10 in each year, commencing on August 10, 2025,
at the rate of 5.200% per annum, until the principal hereof is paid or made available for payment. The interest so payable, and punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date will, as provided in such Indenture, be paid to the
Person in whose name this Security is registered at the close of business on the Regular Record Date for such interest, which shall be the January 27 or July 27 (whether or not a Business Day), as the case may be, next preceding such
Interest Payment Date. Any such interest not so punctually paid or duly provided for will forthwith cease to be payable to the Holder on such Regular Record Date and may either be paid to the Person in whose name this Security is registered at the
close of business on a Special Record Date for the payment of such Defaulted Interest to be fixed by the Trustee, notice whereof shall be given to Holders of Securities of this series not less than 10 days prior to such Special Record Date, or be
paid at any time in any other lawful manner not inconsistent with the requirements of any securities exchange on which the Securities of this series may be listed, and upon such notice as may be required by such exchange, all as more fully provided
in said Indenture. 

A-1 

Payment of the principal of (and premium, if any) and any such interest on this Security
will be made at the office or agency of the Company maintained for that purpose in The City of New York, State of New York or at the office or agency of the Paying Agent in The City of New York, State of New York, in such coin or currency of the
United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts; provided, however, that at the option of the Company payment of interest may be made by (i) check mailed to the address of the Person
entitled thereto as such address shall appear in the Security Register or (ii) wire transfer in immediately available funds to the place and account designated in writing by the Person entitled to such payment as specified in the Security
Register; and provided further, that if this Security is a Global Note, payment may be made pursuant to the Applicable Procedures of the Depositary as permitted in the Indenture. 

Reference is hereby made to the further provisions of this Security set forth on the reverse hereof, which further provisions shall for all
purposes have the same effect as if set forth at this place. 

Unless the certificate of authentication hereof has been executed by the
Trustee referred to on the reverse hereof by manual, facsimile or electronic signature, this Security shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed under its corporate seal. 

STRYKER CORPORATION

By: 

Name:

Title:

Attest:

By: 

Name:

Title:

A-2 

CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION 

This is one of the Securities of the series designated therein referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture. 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

As Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signatory

Dated:

A-3 

[Form of Reverse of 2035 Note] 

This Security is one of a duly authorized issue of securities of the Company (herein called the Securities), issued and to be
issued in one or more series under an Indenture, dated as of January 15, 2010 (the Base Indenture), as supplemented by the Thirty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 10, 2025 (the Supplemental
Indenture and, together with the Base Indenture, the Indenture), between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, a nationally chartered banking association, as Trustee (herein called the Trustee,
which term includes any successor trustee under the Indenture), and reference is hereby made to the Indenture for a statement of the respective rights, limitations of rights, duties and immunities thereunder of the Company, the Trustee and the
Holders of the Securities and of the terms upon which the Securities are, and are to be, authenticated and delivered. This Security is one of the series designated on the face hereof, initially limited in aggregate principal amount to
$1,000,000,000, provided that the Company may, without the consent of any Holder, at any time and from time to time increase the initial principal amount. 

The Securities of this series are subject to redemption as provided in Sections 3.01 and 3.02 of the Supplemental Indenture and Article
XI of the Base Indenture. 

This Security will not be subject to any sinking fund. 

The Indenture contains provisions for defeasance at any time of the entire indebtedness of this Security or certain restrictive covenants and
Events of Default with respect to this Security, in each case upon compliance with certain conditions set forth in the Indenture. 

If an
Event of Default with respect to Securities of this series shall occur and be continuing, the principal of the Securities of this series may be declared due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture. 

The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations
of the Company and the rights of the Holders of the Securities of each series to be affected under the Indenture at any time by the Company and the Trustee with the consent of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Securities at the
time Outstanding of each series to be affected. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the Holders of specified percentages in principal amount of the Securities of each series at the time Outstanding, on behalf of the Holders of all
Securities of such series, to waive compliance by the Company with certain provisions of the Indenture and certain past defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or waiver by the Holder of this Security shall be
conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Security and of any Security issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange herefor or in lieu hereof, whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is
made upon this Security. 

R-1 

As provided in and subject to the provisions of the Indenture, the Holder of this Security
shall not have the right to institute any proceeding with respect to the Indenture or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee or for any other remedy thereunder, unless such Holder shall have previously given the Trustee written notice of a
continuing Event of Default with respect to the Securities of this series, the Holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of the Securities of this series at the time Outstanding shall have made written request to the Trustee to institute
proceedings in respect of such Event of Default as Trustee and offered the Trustee reasonable indemnity, and the Trustee shall not have received from the Holders of a majority in principal amount of Securities of this series at the time Outstanding
a direction inconsistent with such request, and shall have failed to institute any such proceeding, for 60 days after receipt of such notice, request and offer of indemnity. The foregoing shall not apply to any suit instituted by the Holder of this
Security for the enforcement of any payment of principal hereof or any premium or interest hereon on or after the respective due dates expressed herein. 

No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Security or of the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the
Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of and any premium and interest on this Security at the times, place and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed. 

As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, the transfer of this Security is registrable in the
Security Register, upon surrender of this Security for registration of transfer at the office or agency of the Company in any place where the principal of and any premium and interest on this Security are payable, duly endorsed by, or accompanied by
a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Security Registrar duly executed by, the Holder hereof or his attorney duly authorized in writing, and thereupon one or more new Securities of this series and of like
tenor, of authorized denominations and for the same aggregate principal amount, will be issued to the designated transferee or transferees. 

The Securities of this series are issuable only in registered form without coupons in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral amounts of
$1,000 in excess thereof. As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, Securities of this series are exchangeable for a like aggregate principal amount of Securities of this series and of like tenor of a
different authorized denomination, as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. 

No service charge shall be made for any such
registration of transfer or exchange, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge payable in connection therewith. 

Prior to due presentment of this Security for registration of transfer, the Company, the Trustee and any agent of the Company or the Trustee
may treat the Person in whose name this Security is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether or not this Security be overdue, and neither the Company, the Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary. 

THE SECURITIES OF THIS SERIES SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. WITHOUT REGARD
TO ITS PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAWS (OTHER THAN SECTION 5-1401 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK), EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT THE TRUST INDENTURE ACT IS APPLICABLE, IN WHICH CASE THE
TRUST INDENTURE ACT WILL GOVERN. 

R-2 

This Security shall be valid, binding, and enforceable against a party when executed,
delivered and/or authenticated, as applicable, by an authorized individual on behalf of the party by means of (i) an original manual signature; (ii) a faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature; or (iii) any other electronic
signature permitted by the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, state enactments of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, and/or any other relevant electronic signatures law, including any relevant provisions of the
Uniform Commercial Code, in each case to the extent applicable. Each faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or other electronic signature, shall for all purposes have the same validity, legal effect, and admissibility in evidence as an
original manual signature. Each party hereto shall be entitled to conclusively rely upon, and shall have no liability with respect to, any faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or other electronic signature, of any other party and shall
have no duty to investigate, confirm or otherwise verify the validity or authenticity thereof. 

All terms used in this Security which are
defined in the Indenture shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture. 

R-3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>d907608dex51.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-5.1
<TEXT>
EX-5.1

Exhibit 5.1 

[Letterhead of Sullivan & Cromwell LLP] 

February 10, 2025 

Stryker Corporation, 

1941 Stryker Way, 

Portage,
Michigan 49002. 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

In
connection with the registration under the Securities Act of 1933 (the Act) of $500,000,000 principal amount of 4.550% Notes due 2027 (the 2027 Notes), $700,000,000 principal amount of 4.700% Notes due 2028 (the 2028
Notes), $800,000,000 principal amount of 4.850% Notes due 2030 (the 2030 Notes) and $1,000,000,000 principal amount of 5.200% Notes due 2035 (the 2035 Notes and, together with the 2027 Notes, the 2028 Notes and the 2030
Notes, the Securities) of Stryker Corporation, a Michigan corporation (the Company), we, as your New York counsel, have examined such corporate records, certificates and other documents, and such questions of law, as we have
considered necessary or appropriate for the purposes of this opinion. 

Upon the basis of such examination, it is our opinion that the
Securities constitute valid and legally binding obligations of the Company, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors rights
and to general equity principles. 

In rendering the foregoing opinion, we are expressing no opinion as to Federal or state laws relating
to fraudulent transfers and we are not passing upon, and assume no responsibility for, any disclosure in any registration statement or any related prospectus or other offering material relating to the offer and sale of the Securities. 

The foregoing opinion is limited to the Federal laws of the United States and the laws of the State of New York, and we are expressing no
opinion as to the effect of the laws of any other jurisdiction. With respect to all matters of Michigan law, we note that you have received an opinion, dated February 10, 2025, of Warner, Norcross + Judd LLP. In rendering the foregoing opinion,
we have assumed, without independent verification, that the Company is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under Michigan law, that the Indenture was duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company insofar as Michigan law is
concerned, that all corporate action by the Company related to the Securities was duly authorized as a matter of Michigan law and that the Securities have been duly authorized, executed, authenticated, issued and delivered insofar as Michigan law is
concerned. 

Stryker Corporation -2-

We have relied as to certain factual matters on information obtained from public officials,
officers of the Company and other sources believed by us to be responsible, and we have assumed that the Indenture has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Trustee thereunder, an assumption which we have not independently verified.

We hereby consent to the filing of this opinion as an exhibit to a Current Report on Form 8-K to
be incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement relating to the Securities and to the references to us under the heading Validity of Securities in the Prospectus Supplement relating to the Securities, dated January 30,
2025. In giving such consent, we do not thereby admit that we are in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Act. 

Very truly yours,

/s/ SULLIVAN & CROMWELL LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.2
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>d907608dex52.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-5.2
<TEXT>
EX-5.2

Exhibit 5.2 

Warner Norcross + Judd LLP 

Attorneys at Law 

150 Ottawa
Avenue, N.W. 

Suite 1500 

Grand
Rapids, Michigan 49503 

February 10, 2025 

Stryker Corporation 

1941 Stryker Way 

Portage, Michigan 49002 

Re: 

Issuance of 4.550% Notes due 2027

Issuance of 4.700% Notes due 2028 

Issuance of 4.850% Notes due 2030 

Issuance of 5.200% Notes due 2035 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

Stryker Corporation, a
Michigan corporation (the Company), has requested that we furnish this opinion in connection with the issuance of four series of notes consisting of $3,000,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Companys 4.550% Notes due
2027, 4.700% Notes due 2028, 4.850% Notes due 2030, and 5.200% Notes due 2035 (collectively, the Notes). The Notes will be issued under an indenture, dated as of January 15, 2010 (the Base Indenture),
between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, a nationally chartered banking association, as trustee, as supplemented by the Thirty-Second Supplemental Indenture, the Thirty-Third Supplemental Indenture, the Thirty-Fourth Supplemental
Indenture, and the Thirty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture, each dated as of February 10, 2025 (the Supplemental Indentures, and together with the Base Indenture, the Indenture). The Notes will be issued and
sold pursuant to an Underwriting Agreement dated as of January 30, 2025 (the Underwriting Agreement), among the Company and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Barclays Capital Inc., BNP Paribas Securities Corp. and Wells Fargo
Securities, LLC, acting as representatives of the several underwriters named in Schedule A to the Underwriting Agreement. 

In arriving at
the opinions expressed below, we have examined and relied on the Underwriting Agreement, the Indenture, and certificates evidencing the Notes. In addition, we have examined and relied on the originals or copies certified or otherwise identified to
our satisfaction of such records of the Company and such other instruments and other certificates of public officials, officers and representatives of the Company and such other persons, and we have made such investigations of law, as we have deemed
appropriate as a basis for the opinions expressed below. In our examination, we have assumed the legal capacity of all natural persons, the genuineness of all signatures, the authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals, the conformity
to original documents of all documents submitted to us as certified, conformed, photostatic, electronic or facsimile copies (including EDGAR documents) and the authenticity of the originals of such documents. In making our examination of executed
documents or documents to be executed, we have assumed that the parties thereto, other than the Company, had or will have the power, corporate or other, to enter into and perform all obligations thereunder and have also assumed the due authorization
by all requisite action, corporate or other, and execution and delivery by such parties, of such documents and that (except to the extent we have opined on such matters below) such documents constitute or will constitute valid and binding
obligations of the parties thereto. 

Based on the foregoing and subject to the assumptions, limitations and qualifications set
forth in this letter, we express the following opinions: 

1. The Company has been duly incorporated and is validly existing as a
corporation and is in good standing under the laws of the State of Michigan. 

2. The Companys execution and delivery of the
Supplemental Indentures, the Underwriting Agreement, and the Notes has been validly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Company. 

We do not express an opinion as to any laws, statutes, rules or regulations other than the laws, statutes, rules and regulations of the State
of Michigan. 

The opinions expressed above are as of the date of this letter, and we do not assume an obligation to update or supplement
those opinions to reflect a fact or circumstance that in the future comes to our attention or a change in law that in the future occurs or becomes effective. This letter is limited to the matters set forth in it, and no opinions are implied or may
be inferred beyond those expressly stated above. 

We consent to the filing of this opinion with the Securities and Exchange Commission as
an exhibit to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K, being filed on or about the date hereof, and incorporated by reference in the Companys Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-275853). We consent to the reference to our firm under the caption Validity of Securities in the Prospectus Supplement dated
January 30, 2025 and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 3, 2025. In giving this consent, we do not admit that we are included in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the
Securities Act or the rules and regulations issued under it. 

Sincerely,

WARNER NORCROSS + JUDD LLP

By /s/ Charlie Goode

Charlie Goode, Partner

- 2 -
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>syk-20250210.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>syk-20250210_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>syk-20250210_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Document And Entity Information [Table] 
Document And Entity Information [Table] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 
Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Class of Stock [Axis] 
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Class of Stock [Domain] 
Class of Stock [Domain] 

Common Stock [Member] 
Common Stock [Member] 

Senior Unsecured Notes 2.125 Due 2027 [Member] 
Senior Unsecured Notes 2.125 Due 2027 [Member] 

Senior Unsecured Notes 3.375 Due 2028 [Member] 
Senior Unsecured Notes 3.375 Due 2028 [Member] 

Senior Unsecured Notes 0.750 Due 2029 [Member] 
Senior Unsecured Notes 0.750 Due 2029 [Member] 

Senior Unsecured Notes 2.625 Due 2030 [Member] 
Senior Unsecured Notes 2.625 Due 2030 [Member] 

Senior Unsecured Notes 1.000 Due 2031 [Member] 
Senior Unsecured Notes 1.000 Due 2031 [Member] 

Senior Unsecured Notes 3.375 Due 2032 [Member] 
Senior Unsecured Notes 3.375 Due 2032 [Member] 

Senior Unsecured Notes 3.625 Due 2036 [Member] 
Senior Unsecured Notes 3.625 Due 2036 [Member]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>syk-20250210_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>g907608g0208003536864.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>g907608g0208075210504.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Feb. 10, 2025

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Entity Registrant Name STRYKER CORP

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0000310764

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Feb. 10, 2025

Entity Incorporation State Country Code MI

Entity File Number 001-13149

Entity Tax Identification Number 38-1239739

Entity Address, Address Line One 1941 Stryker Way

Entity Address, City or Town Portage

Entity Address, State or Province MI

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 49002

City Area Code (269)

Local Phone Number 385-2600

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Common Stock [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title Common Stock, $.10 Par Value

Trading Symbol SYK

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Senior Unsecured Notes 2.125 Due 2027 [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title 2.125% Notes due 2027

Trading Symbol SYK27

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Senior Unsecured Notes 3.375 Due 2028 [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title 3.375% Notes due 2028

Trading Symbol SYK28

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Senior Unsecured Notes 0.750 Due 2029 [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title 0.750% Notes due 2029

Trading Symbol SYK29

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Senior Unsecured Notes 2.625 Due 2030 [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title 2.625% Notes due 2030

Trading Symbol SYK30

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Senior Unsecured Notes 1.000 Due 2031 [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title 1.000% Notes due 2031

Trading Symbol SYK31

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Senior Unsecured Notes 3.375 Due 2032 [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title 3.375% Notes due 2032

Trading Symbol SYK32

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Senior Unsecured Notes 3.625 Due 2036 [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title 3.625% Notes due 2036

Trading Symbol SYK36

Security Exchange Name NYSE

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: syk_DocumentAndEntityInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: syk_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=syk_SeniorUnsecuredNotes2.125Due2027Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=syk_SeniorUnsecuredNotes3.375Due2028Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=syk_SeniorUnsecuredNotes0.750Due2029Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=syk_SeniorUnsecuredNotes2.625Due2030Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=syk_SeniorUnsecuredNotes1.000Due2031Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=syk_SeniorUnsecuredNotes3.375Due2032Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=syk_SeniorUnsecuredNotes3.625Due2036Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
9 
22 
1 
false 
8 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.stryker.com//20250210/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d907608d8k.htm 
syk-20250210.xsd 
syk-20250210_def.xml 
syk-20250210_lab.xml 
syk-20250210_pre.xml 

g907608g0208075210504.jpg 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-023587-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>d907608d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000310764 

2025-02-10 
2025-02-10 

0000310764 

us-gaap:CommonStockMember 

2025-02-10 
2025-02-10 

0000310764 

syk:SeniorUnsecuredNotes2.125Due2027Member 

2025-02-10 
2025-02-10 

0000310764 

syk:SeniorUnsecuredNotes3.375Due2028Member 

2025-02-10 
2025-02-10 

0000310764 

syk:SeniorUnsecuredNotes0.750Due2029Member 

2025-02-10 
2025-02-10 

0000310764 

syk:SeniorUnsecuredNotes2.625Due2030Member 

2025-02-10 
2025-02-10 

0000310764 

syk:SeniorUnsecuredNotes1.000Due2031Member 

2025-02-10 
2025-02-10 

0000310764 

syk:SeniorUnsecuredNotes3.375Due2032Member 

2025-02-10 
2025-02-10 

0000310764 

syk:SeniorUnsecuredNotes3.625Due2036Member 

2025-02-10 
2025-02-10 

STRYKER CORP 
false 
0000310764 
8-K 
2025-02-10 
MI 
001-13149 
38-1239739 
1941 Stryker Way 
Portage 
MI 
49002 
(269) 
385-2600 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $.10 Par Value 
SYK 
NYSE 
2.125% Notes due 2027 
SYK27 
NYSE 
3.375% Notes due 2028 
SYK28 
NYSE 
0.750% Notes due 2029 
SYK29 
NYSE 
2.625% Notes due 2030 
SYK30 
NYSE 
1.000% Notes due 2031 
SYK31 
NYSE 
3.375% Notes due 2032 
SYK32 
NYSE 
3.625% Notes due 2036 
SYK36 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>