<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-002751.txt : 20250117
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-002751.hdr.sgml : 20250117
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250117160518
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-002751
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250115
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250117
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250117

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ORAGENICS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001174940
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				593410522
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32188
		FILM NUMBER:		25538679

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1990 MAIN STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 750
		CITY:			SARASOTA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			34236
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8132867900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1990 MAIN STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 750
		CITY:			SARASOTA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			34236
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000117494000011749402025-01-152025-01-15iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities
Exchange Act of 1934.

Date
of Report: January 15, 2025

(Date
of earliest event reported)

Oragenics,
Inc.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

FL 001-32188 59-3410522

(State or other jurisdiction (Commission (IRS Employer

of incorporation) File Number) Identification Number)

1990 Main Street 

Suite 750 

Sarasota, FL 34236

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

813-286-7900

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code)

(Former
Name or Former Address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) 

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) 

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) 

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock OGEN NYSE
American

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 ENTRY INTO A MATERIAL DEFINITIVE AGREEMENT

On
January 16, 2025, the Board of Directors (the Board) of Oragenics, Inc. (the Company) appointed Ms. Janet
Huffman, the Companys Chief Financial Officer and Interim Principal Executive Officer, to also serve as the Companys Interim
Chief Executive Officer effective as of January 16, 2025, and in connection therewith, the Board of Directors determined that, effective
January 16, 2025, Ms. Huffmans employment agreement would be modified to (i) include her new title of Interim Chief Executive
Officer; (ii) require that as she report directly to the Companys Board of Directors and its Executive Chairman; (iii) increase
her base salary by 10% to $275,000; and (iv) change her location to Sarasota (given the Company relocation from Tampa to Sarasota). All
other terms of Ms. Huffmans Employment Agreement remain in full force and effect.

The
foregoing summary is qualified in its entirety by the specific terms of the First Amendment to Employment Agreement attached as Exhibit
10.2 to this Form 8-K which is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 5.02 DEPARTURE OF DIRECTORS OR CERTAIN OFFICERS; ELECTION OF DIRECTORS; APPOINTMENT OF CERTAIN OFFICERS; COMPENSATORY ARRANGEMENTS
OF CERTAIN OFFICERS.

(a) Resignation
of Director.

On
January 15, 2025, Mr. Bruce Cassidy resigned as director of the Company to pursue other opportunities. Mr. Cassidys resignation
was not due to any disagreement with the Company on any matter related to its operations, policies or practices.

(e) Compensatory Arrangements
of Certain Officers.

The
information set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference. Additionally, on January 16,
2025, the Board also determined to grant Ms. Huffman a discretionary cash bonus in the amount of $75,000.

Item 8.01 OTHER INFORMATION.

All
of the Pre-Funded Warrants issued in connection with the Companys September 2024 Offering have been exercised as of the date hereof.
As a result, the Company has 13,709,805 shares of Common Stock Issued and Outstanding as of January 16, 2025.

Item 9.01. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS.

(d)
Exhibits

Exhibit
No. Description

10.1 

Executive Employment Agreement between the Company and Janet Huffman dated effective March 8, 2023.

10.2

Amendment to Executive Employment Agreement between the Company and Janet Huffman dated effective January 16, 2025.

104 Cover
page Interactive Data File (embedded in the cover page formatted in Inline XBRL)

SIGNATURES

In
accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized on this 17th day of January 2025.

ORAGENICS,
INC.

(Registrant)

BY: /s/Janet Huffman

Janet Huffman

Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

EXECUTIVE
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This
Executive Employment Agreement (the Agreement) dated as of March 7, 2023 (the Effective Date), is by and
between ORAGENICS, INC., a Florida corporation, (the Company), and JANET HUFFMAN (the Executive).

WHEREAS,
the Company is a biotechnology company currently engaged in the business of research, development, and sales of proprietary products
and technologies;

WHEREAS,
the Executive has accepted an offer to be employed as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, upon the terms and conditions set forth
herein.

WHEREAS,
the Company wishes to assure itself of the continued services of the Executive for the period provided in this Agreement and the
Executive is willing to serve in the employ of the Company for such period upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth.

NOW
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained, the parties intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as
follows:

1. EMPLOYMENT.
During the Term the Company will employ the Executive as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, and the Executive agrees to
serve in such capacities and provide her services to the Company on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

2. POSITION
AND DUTIES. During the Term, the Executive will serve as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company. The Executive agrees that during
the Term, as defined below, she shall dedicate her full business time, attention and energies (except as provided below) to performing
her duties to the Company, as prescribed by the Companys President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO). The Executive
will manage the business affairs of the Company and perform the duties typically assigned to the chief financial officer of a similarly
situated company in the Companys industry. The Executive shall also perform such other reasonable duties as may hereafter be assigned
to her by the CEO, consistent with her abilities and position as the Chief Financial Officer, including providing such further services
to the Company as may reasonably be requested of her. The Executive will report to the CEO, and carry out the decisions and otherwise
abide by and enforce the rules and policies of the Company. During the Term, Executive shall perform the services required by this Agreement
in Tampa, Florida, except for travel to other locations as may be necessary to fulfill Executives duties and responsibilities
hereunder.

The
Executive shall devote her best efforts to the business and affairs of the Company and, during the Term and shall comply with at all
times the restrictive covenants provided in Sections 5 and 7 below. The Company and the Executive acknowledge and agree that, during
the Term, Executive shall be permitted to: (i) serve on civic or charitable boards or committees; and (ii) and on such additional corporate
boards as the Nominating and Governance Committee and the Board may approve; and (iii) manage passive personal investments, so long as
any such activities, individually or in the aggregate, do not unduly interfere with the performance of Executives responsibilities
as an executive officer of the Company in accordance with this Agreement. The Company and the Executive further acknowledge and agree
that, during the initial sixty (60) days of the Term, Executive shall be permitted to provide up to five (5) hours per week of consulting
services to her prior employer so long as any such consulting services do not unduly interfere with the performance of Executives
responsibilities as an executive officer of the Company in accordance with this Agreement.

3. TERM.
The Term of this Agreement shall start on Effective Date and continue through the first anniversary of the Effective Date (the Initial
Term). Thereafter the Term of the Agreement shall automatically be extended for one (1) additional twelve (12) month term after
the end of the Initial Term (the Renewal Term and collectively with the Initial Term the Term), unless
either the Company or the Executive provides written notice of non-renewal to the other Party not later than thirty (30) days prior to
the end of the Initial Term. If a notice of non-renewal is provided in accordance with this Section, the Executives employment
under this Agreement shall terminate upon the expiration of the Initial Term. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executives employment
under this Agreement may be terminated earlier than the scheduled expiration of a Term, in accordance with Section 8 below. However,
the provisions of Sections 5, 6 and 7 shall continue in force in accordance with the provisions therein and shall survive the expiration
or termination of the Term and this Agreement.

4. COMPENSATION
AND BENEFITS.

(a) Base
Salary. During the Term the Executives annual base salary shall be Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($250,000.00) per year,
which shall be payable by the Company to the Executive in installments consistent with the Companys normal payroll schedule, subject
to customary withholding as required by applicable law. This annual base salary shall be reviewed by the Board periodically, and the
Board may adjust the Executives annual base salary from time to time as the Board deems to be appropriate subject to Executives
performance, the Companys financial condition and market conditions.

(b) Incentive
Compensation. During the Term, the Executive shall also be eligible to receive an annual performance bonus from the Company of up
to thirty-five percent (35%) of her annual base salary based upon appropriate Company-based and individual-based targets specified by
the Compensation Committee of the Board, in its discretion, as approved by the full Board (the Performance Bonus). The
Performance Bonus targets for each year shall be established by the Compensation Committee no later than March 31 of that year. The Performance
Bonus targets for 2023 shall be established by the Compensation Committee no later than June 30, 2023 and Executives Performance
Bonus for 2023 (if any) shall be pro-rated for Executives partial year of employment. No Performance Bonus shall be earned by
the Executive unless: (i) the Compensation Committee has completed its year-end review of the Companys financial statements and
other financial performance for the year and has certified no later than February 28 of the following year that the Executive has satisfied
her Performance Bonus targets for the year, and (ii) the Executive remains an employee of the Company on the date that the Compensation
Committee certifies that the Executive has satisfied her Performance Bonus targets for the year. Any Performance Bonus that is earned
shall be paid on or before March 31 of the following year.

All
such Performance Bonuses, as well as any equity awards which are granted to the Executive or which become vested as a result of the satisfaction
of financial performance goals of the Company, shall be subject to the Companys policy on recoupment or clawback of executive
incentive compensation, as such policy may be amended from time to time (the Clawback Policy), and that the Executive shall
be obligated to repay to the Company, any and all amounts received with respect to any Performance Bonus or performance-based equity
awards, to the extent such a repayment is required by the terms of the Clawback Policy.

2

(c) Option
Award. Upon the Effective Date the Executive will be granted stock options to purchase 7,000 shares of the Companys common
stock pursuant to the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan at an exercise price equal to the fair market value of the common stock on the Effective
Date of this Agreement. The stock options shall be made pursuant to a separate award agreement and be subject to the terms of such agreement
and the terms of the Companys 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. The option agreement shall provide for vesting of the options as follows:
1,400 options shall vest on the Effective Date, 1,400 options shall vest on September 7, 2023, 1,400 options shall vest on March 7, 2024,
1,400 options shall vest on September 7, 2024, and 1,400 options shall vest on March 7, 2025, in each case provided the Executive has
remained in continuous employment with the Company through such dates.

(d) Benefits.
The Executive shall be entitled to participate in all group insurance, vacation, retirement and other employee benefits established by
Company for its full time employees generally, on terms comparable to those provided to such employees from time to time by the Company.
Nothing in this Agreement will preclude the Company from terminating or amending any employee benefit plan so as to change eligibility
or other requirements or eliminate, reduce or otherwise change any benefit, provided that such termination or amendment applies
equally to the Executive and other full time employees of the Company.

The
Executive shall be entitled to four (4) weeks paid vacation per calendar year, pro-rated in 2023 for Executives partial year of
employment, plus such Personal Days as provided in accordance with the Companys policies.

(e) Reimbursement
of Business Expenses. The Executive shall be entitled to receive reimbursement for all appropriate and reasonable business expenses
incurred by her in connection with her duties under this Agreement in accordance with the written policies of the Company as in effect
from time to time and subject to applicable State and Federal laws and regulations.

5. CONFIDENTIAL
INFORMATION. The Executive agrees that during and after her employment with the Company, she will hold in the strictest confidence,
and will not use (except for the benefit of the Company, or any of the Companys subsidiaries or affiliates) or disclose to any
person, firm, or corporation any Company Confidential Information except as necessary in carrying out her duties for the Company. The
Executive understands that her unauthorized use or disclosure of Company Confidential Information may lead to termination for Cause and
legal action by the Company. The Executive understands that Company Confidential Information means any non-public information
that relates to the actual or anticipated business, research or development of the Company, or its subsidiaries or affiliates (collectively,
for the purposes of this section, the Company), or to the Companys technical data, trade secrets, or know-how,
including, but not limited to, research, product plans, or other information regarding the Companys products or services and markets
therefor, customer lists and customers (including, but not limited to, customers of the Company on which the Executive called or with
which she may become acquainted during her employment), software, developments, inventions, processes, formulas, technology, designs,
drawings, engineering, hardware configuration information, marketing, finances, and other business information. Company Confidential
Information does not include information that: (i) becomes generally known to the public subsequent to disclosure to the Executive through
no wrongful act of Executive or any representative of Executive; (ii) was known to the public prior to its disclosure to the Executive;
or (iii) the Executive is required to disclose by applicable law, regulation or legal process. The Executive understands that nothing
in this Agreement is intended to limit employees rights to discuss the terms, wages, and working conditions of her employment,
as protected by applicable law.

3

The
Executive recognizes that the Company may have received and in the future may receive from third parties associated with the Company,
e.g., the Companys customers, suppliers, licensors, licensees, partners, or collaborators (Associated Third Parties),
their confidential or proprietary information (Associated Third Party Confidential Information). By way of example, Associated
Third Party Confidential Information may include the habits or practices of Associated Third Parties, the technology of Associated Third
Parties, requirements of Associated Third Parties, and information related to the business conducted between the Company and such Associated
Third Parties. The Executive agrees at all times during her employment with the Company and thereafter to hold in the strictest confidence,
and not to use or to disclose to any person, firm, or corporation, any Associated Third Party Confidential Information, except as necessary
in carrying out her duties for the Company consistent with the Companys agreement with such Associated Third Parties. The Executive
further agrees to comply with any and all written Company policies and guidelines that may be adopted from time to time regarding Associated
Third Parties and Associated Third Party Confidential Information. The Executive understands that her unauthorized use or disclosure
of Associated Third Party Confidential Information or violation of any Company policies during her employment may lead to termination
for Cause and legal action by the Company.

Upon
termination of her employment with the Company, and any other time at Companys request, the Executive will promptly deliver to
the Company, and will not keep in her possession, recreate, or deliver to anyone else, any and all Company property, including, but not
limited to, Company Confidential Information, Associated Third Party Confidential Information, as well as all devices and equipment belonging
to the Company (including computers, handheld electronic devices, telephone equipment, and other electronic devices), Company credit
cards, passwords, records, data, notes, notebooks, reports, files, proposals, lists, correspondence, specifications, drawings, blueprints,
sketches, materials, photographs, charts, any other documents and property, and reproductions of any and all of the aforementioned items
that were developed by her pursuant to her employment with the Company, obtained by her in connection with her employment with the Company,
or otherwise belonging to the Company, its successors, or assigns. Further, to the extent that the Executive used her own personal computers,
cell phones, email accounts, thumb drives or other electronic memory or storage devices to access, store or transmit Company Confidential
Information or Associated Third Party Confidential Information, upon the termination of the Executives employment with the Company,
and at any other time at Companys request, the Executive shall promptly delete all Company Confidential Information or Associated
Third Party Confidential Information from Executives property and upon the Companys request, provide written verifications
of such deletions. The Executive also consents to an exit interview to confirm her compliance with this Section 5, if requested
by the Company.

4

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Company hereby provides notice to the Executive pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1833 that an individual may not be held
criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that: (a) is made (i) in
confidence to a federal, state or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to any attorney; and (ii) solely for the
purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (b) is made in a complaint or other document that is filed under
seal in a lawsuit or other proceeding. Further, an individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected
violation of law may disclose the employers trade secrets to the attorney and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding
if the individual: (a) files any document containing the trade secret under seal; and (b) does not disclose the trade secret, except
pursuant to court order. The Executive further understands that nothing contained in this Agreement limits her ability to communicate
with, or file a complaint or charge with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC), the National Labor Relations
Board, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), the Department
of Justice (DOJ) or any other federal, state, or local governmental agency or commission (collectively, Government
Agencies), or otherwise participate in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by Government Agencies, including
providing documents or other information, without notice to the Company; provided, however, that Executive may not disclose Company information
that is protected by the attorney-client privilege, except as expressly authorized by law. The Executive retains the right to communicate
with the Government Agencies and such communication can be initiated by her or in response to the government and is not limited by any
non-disparagement or confidentiality obligations under this Agreement. This Agreement does not limit Executives right to receive
an award from the SEC or DOJ for information provided to the SEC or DOJ. Executive is advised to consult an attorney prior to disclosing
any trade secrets, Company Confidential Information or Associated Third Party Confidential Information as such immunity is only applicable
in limited situations.

6. INTELLECTUAL
PROPERTY RIGHTS. Any and all concepts, improvements, computer software, articles, pamphlets, brochures, marketing plans, or other
information (collectively, Developments) which the Executive discovers, edits or develops during the Term of her employment,
which relates to or is useful in connection with the business of Company, shall be deemed work for hire and shall be the sole and exclusive
property of the Company. The Executive hereby assigns, transfers and conveys to the Company all right, title and interest in, and to
all such Developments. The Executive shall make full disclosure thereof to the Company and shall do such acts and deliver all such instruments
as the Company shall reasonably require of Executive, at the Companys expense, to effect such ownership and to enable the Company
to file and prosecute applications for and to acquire, maintain and enforce any and all patents, trademark, registrations or copyrights
under United States or foreign law with respect to such Developments or to obtain any extension, valid action, reissuance, continuance
or renewal of any such patent, trademark or copyright.

5

7. NON-COMPETITION
AND NON-SOLICITATION COVENANTS. As additional consideration to the Company for entering into this Agreement, the Executive covenants
that during the Restricted Period (as defined below), she shall not directly or indirectly:

(a)compete against the Company, or any subsidiary or affiliate of the Company that is engaged in the Business (as defined below) (collectively, the Applicable Entities), by being employed by, gratuitously assisting or serving as an independent contractor, consultant, partner, director or officer with a competitor of the Company or any of the Applicable Entities, or starting her own business that would compete directly or indirectly with the Company or any of the Applicable Entities, or have a material interest in any business, corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other business entity which competes directly or indirectly with the Company or any of the Applicable Entities. For purposes of this covenant, the term the Business shall mean developing, producing, designing, providing, soliciting orders for, selling, distributing, or marketing Company Products and Services in any state of the United States of America in which the Company or any of the Applicable Entities does business. For purposes hereof, Company Products and Services means any novel antibiotics used to treat infectious diseases and an intranasal vaccine to prevent coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) from the SARS-CoV-2 virus and variants thereof, (i) which the Company or any of the Applicable Entities anticipate developing, producing, designing, providing, marketing, distributing or selling, (ii) which the Company or any Applicable Entities develop, produce, design, provide, market or distribute while Executive is employed by the Company or is otherwise providing services to the Company, or (iii) that compete with any of the products and services of the Company or Applicable Entities referenced in (i) or (ii) above. For the purpose of defining and enforcing this covenant, the competitors of the Company and Applicable Entities will be identified at the time the Company seeks enforcement of this covenant. This determination shall be based on the then-existing market area of the Company and Applicable Entities at the time enforcement of this covenant is sought. Notwithstanding the foregoing, investment by the Executive constituting less than five percent (5%) of the outstanding securities in a publicly-traded entity that may compete with the Company or Applicable Entities shall not constitute a violation of this Section 7(a) as long as the Executive is not actively involved in such entitys business.

(b) Solicit,
induce or encourage, or attempt to solicit, induce or encourage, any current customer or vendor of the Company or any of the Applicable
Entities to do business with any person or entity in competition with the Company or any of the Applicable Entities or to terminate or
reduce the amount of business which any such customer or vendor has customarily done or contemplates doing with the Company or any of
the Applicable Entities, whether or not the relationship between the Company or any of the Applicable Entities and such customer or vendor
was originally established in whole or in part through the Executives efforts; or

6

(c) Solicit,
induce or encourage, or attempt to solicit, induce or encourage, any employee or independent contractor of the Company or any of the
Applicable Entities, who was so employed or engaged at any time during the six (6) month period prior to the date of the Executives
solicitation, to leave his or her employment or engagement with the Company or any of the Applicable Entities, to cease providing services
to the Company or any of the Applicable Entities, or to accept employment with any other person or entity; provided however, that
general solicitations not specifically targeted to employees or independent contractors of the Company or any of the Applicable Entities
shall not constitute a breach of this Section 7(c).

These
covenants not to compete and not to solicit shall apply during Executives employment with the Company and for a period of twelve
(12) months following the date on which Executive is last employed by the Company (the Restricted Period). In the event
of a breach by the Executive of any of the covenants in this Section 7, the term of the Restricted Period will be extended by the period
of the duration of such breach.

The
Executive agrees that the relevant public policy and legal aspects of covenants not to compete have been discussed with her and that
every effort has been made to limit the restrictions placed upon Executive to those that are reasonable and necessary to protect the
legitimate interests of the Company, and the other Applicable Entities. The Executive acknowledges that, based upon her education, experience,
and training, the non-compete and non-solicitation provisions of this Section 7 will not prevent the Executive from earning a livelihood
and supporting the Executive and her family during the relevant time period.

The
Executives obligations to the Company pursuant to Sections 5 and 7 of this Agreement are independent of any other obligation of
the Company to the Executive (including any promise or agreement contained in this Agreement or any other agreement between the Company
and the Executive or any obligation that otherwise arises from any aspect of the employment relationship). The existence of any claim
or cause of action of the Executive against the Company, whether predicated on this Agreement or any other basis, shall not constitute
a defense to the enforcement of the restrictive covenants set forth in Sections 5 and 7 of this Agreement.

If
any restriction set forth in this Section 5 or 7 is found by any court of competent jurisdiction to be overbroad, void or unenforceable,
the court shall modify this Agreement to extend only over the maximum period of time, range of activities, or geographic areas as to
which it may be enforceable.

7

8. TERMINATION
OF EMPLOYMENT. Notwithstanding anything else contained in this Agreement, the Term of Executives employment under this Agreement
may be terminated prior to the end of the Term stated in Section 3 above upon the earliest to occur of the events described in Subsections
8(a) or 8(b) below. To terminate the Executives employment with the Company and the Term pursuant to this Section 8, the terminating
party shall provide to the other party a written notice of termination (a Termination Notice), which shall (i) indicate
the specific termination provision of this Agreement relied upon, (ii) briefly summarize the facts and circumstances that provide the
bases for such termination, (iii) specify the termination date in accordance with the requirements of this Agreement, and (iv) otherwise
comply with any notice-related term in this Agreement applicable to the specific type of termination.

(a) Termination
by the Company. The Company may terminate the Executives employment with the Company and the Term of this Agreement: 

(1) Upon
the Executives Disability (as defined below), such termination to be effective on
the date of written notice by the Company that the Executives employment is being
terminated as a result of such Disability or such later date as may be specified in the Termination
Notice;

(2) Upon
the Executives death, to be effective immediately upon the date of death;

(3) For
Cause (as defined below), which termination shall be effective on the date specified in the
Termination Notice;

(4) If
the Board determines in good faith that Company is unable to continue to pay the level of
compensation due to the Executive under Section 4 of this Agreement, whether as a result
of the Companys failure to obtain additional equity funding as needed to sustain its
operations, or otherwise which termination shall be effective on the date specified in the
Termination Notice; or

(5) Without
Cause, for any reason other than under Subsections (a)(1), (2), (3) or (4), or for no reason,
upon written notice by the Company to the Executive that the Executives employment
is being terminated, which termination shall be effective on the date specified in the Termination
Notice.

(b) Termination
by Executive. The Executive may terminate the Executives employment with the Company and the Term of this Agreement by providing
sixty (60) days prior written notice to the Company.

(c) Definition
of Disability. For purposes of this Agreement, Disability shall mean the Executives incapacity
or inability to perform her duties and responsibilities as contemplated under this Agreement, with any reasonable accommodation that
the Company may be required to provide in accordance with the Americans with Disabilities Act, for one hundred twenty (120) consecutive
days or for more than one hundred twenty (120) days within any one (1) year period (cumulative or consecutive) due to impairment to her
physical or mental health. For this purpose, the Executive shall be presumed to have suffered a Disability if she is determined to be
entitled to Social Security disability benefits by the Social Security Administration. The Executive hereby consents to a medical examination
and consultation, at the Companys sole expense, regarding her health and ability to perform as aforesaid.

8

(d) Definition
of Cause. Cause shall mean:

(i)
Executives commission of an act of fraud, embezzlement, theft or proven dishonesty, or any other illegal act or practice (whether
or not resulting in criminal prosecution or conviction), including theft or destruction of property of the Company or a subsidiary, or
any other act or practice which the Board shall, in good faith, deem to have resulted in the Executive becoming unbondable under the
Company or any subsidiarys fidelity bond;

(ii)
Executives engaging in willful or gross misconduct which is deemed by the Board, in good faith, to be materially injurious to
the Company or any subsidiary, monetarily or otherwise;

(iii)
Executives continued failure or habitual neglect to perform her duties with the Company or any subsidiary;

(iv)
Executives breach of this Agreement, including but not limited to Executives restrictive covenants pursuant to Sections
5 and 7;

(v)
the Executives conviction of, or the entering of a guilty plea or plea of no contest (or its equivalent under any applicable legal
system) by Executive with respect to, a felony;

(vi)
the Executives breach of any fiduciary duty owed under applicable law, statute or regulation to the Company;

(vii)
Executives reporting to work under the influence of alcohol or illegal drugs; or

(viii)
Executives violation of written policies of the Company or any subsidiary, or conduct evidencing willful or wanton disregard of
the interests of the Company or any subsidiary.

(e) Termination
Notice and Cure. Notwithstanding the foregoing subsection (d) of this Section 8, Cause shall not be deemed to have
occurred, and the Company shall be deemed to have irrevocably waived their right to terminate the Executives employment with the
Company and the Term under this Agreement with respect thereto, unless: (i) the Company has provided the Executive with a Termination
Notice describing one or more of the grounds set forth in Section 8(d) no later than one hundred fifty (150) days after the Board first
receives notice of the event constituting Cause, (ii) if such ground is capable of being cured, the Board determines, in good faith,
that the Executive has failed to cure such ground within a period of thirty (30) days from the date of such written notice, and (iii)
the Company terminates the Executives employment with the Company within nine (9) months from the date on which the Board, first
received notice of the event constituting Cause. For purposes of this notice and cure provision it is agreed that any material breach
of the Executives restrictive covenants pursuant to Sections 5 and 7 or Executive reporting work under the influence of alcohol
or illegal drugs is incurable.

(f) Termination
of the Executives employment under this Agreement and the Term shall be without prejudice to: (i) any right or obligation that
has accrued or arisen on or before the termination date; (ii) any remedy of either party in respect to any prior breach of this Agreement;
and (iii) any other provisions hereof which expressly or necessarily calls for performance after the termination date or is applicable
to the enforcement of the Agreements provisions.

9

9. SEVERANCE
PAY.

(a) In
the event the Executives employment with the Company is terminated: by the Company for Cause or Disability (as defined in Sections
8(c) and 8(d) above); by non-renewal by the Executive; by the Executive pursuant to Section 8(b); by the Company pursuant to Section
8(a)(4); Executives death; or upon expiration of the Term after the Renewal Term, the compensation and benefits the Executive
shall be entitled to receive from the Company shall be limited to:

(i) her
then-current annual base salary pursuant to Section 4 through the termination date, payable in accordance with the Companys standard
payroll practices;

(ii) any
reimbursable expenses for which the Executive has not yet been reimbursed as of the termination date; and

(iii) any
other rights and vested benefits (if any) provided under employee benefit plans and programs of the Company, determined in accordance
with the applicable terms and provisions of such plans and programs.

(b)If the Executives employment with the Company is terminated: during the Term by the Company without Cause pursuant to Section 8(a)(5); or at the conclusion of the Initial Term because of a non-renewal by the Company, in addition to the amounts in Subsection (a) of this Section 9, the Executive shall also be entitled to receive severance pay equal to six (6) months of her annual base salary pursuant to Section 4, at the rate in effect on the date of termination and any Performance Bonus that, as of the date of termination, has been earned by the Executive but has not yet been paid by the Company to the Executive. This severance pay shall be paid to the Executive in equal increments in accordance with the Companys standard payroll practices over the six (6) month period following the date of the termination of the Executives employment with the Company, but beginning no earlier than fifteen (15) days after the Executives execution and non-revocation of the Release required by Subsection (c) of this Section 9.

(c) Notwithstanding
anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Executives right to receive any severance benefits under Subsection (b) of this Section
9 shall be conditioned upon the Executives continued compliance with her restrictive covenants in Sections 5 and 7 and her execution
and delivery to the Company of a general release of all claims against the Company, its officers, directors, employees, subsidiaries
and affiliates, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, as amended from time to time in a manner satisfactory to the Company (the Release),
within forty-five (45) days of her termination date, and that she does not revoke the Release during the seven (7) day period thereafter.
Subject to Section 14 below, the severance payments under this Section 9 will begin no earlier than fifteen (15) days after the Executive
has executed, delivered and not revoked the Release as required under this Section 9.

10

10. CHANGE
OF CONTROL

(a) If
the Executives employment with the Company is terminated by the Company without Cause during the period of thirty (30) days following
a Change in Control of the Company (as that term is defined below), in addition to the amounts in Subsection (a) of Section 9, but in
lieu of any severance payments under Subsection (b) of Section 9, the Executive shall be entitled to receive a severance payment equal
to the sum of: (i) six (6) months of her annual base salary pursuant to Section 4, at the higher of the base salary rate in effect on
the termination date or the base salary rate in effect immediately before the effective date of the Change of Control, and (ii) the Executives
Performance Bonus for the year which includes the effective date of the Change in Control, payable at the target level of performance.
In addition, the Executive shall also receive the amount of any Performance Bonus that, as of the date of termination, has been earned
by the Executive but has not yet been paid by the Company to the Executive. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary,
Executives right to receive any severance benefits under this Section 10(a) shall be conditioned upon the Executives continued
compliance with her restrictive covenants in Sections 5 and 7 and her execution and delivery to the Company of the Release, within forty-five
(45) days of her termination date, and that she does not revoke the Release during the seven (7) day period thereafter. This severance
pay shall be paid to the Executive in cash in a single lump sum payment, within sixty (60) days after the Executives execution
and non-revocation of the Release.

(b) If
the Executive holds any stock options or other stock awards granted under the Companys 2021 Equity Incentive Plan which are not
fully vested at the time her employment with the Company is terminated by the Company without Cause during the period of thirty (30)
days following a Change in Control, such equity awards shall become fully vested as of the termination date.

(c) For
purposes of this Agreement, the term Change in Control shall mean a transaction or series of transactions which constitutes
a sale of control of the Company, a change in effective control of the Company, or a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of
the Company, or a transaction which qualifies as a change in ownership or change in effective control of
the Company or a change in ownership of substantially all of the assets of the Company under the standards set forth in
Treasury Regulation section 1.409A-3(i)(5).

11

(d) If
any severance payments otherwise payable to the Executive under this Agreement in connection with a Change in Control would, when combined
with any other payments or benefits the Executive becomes entitled to receive that are contingent on the same Change in Control (such
payments and benefits to be referred to as Parachute Payments) would: (i) constitute a parachute payment
within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code; and (ii) but for this sentence, be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999
of the Code (the Excise Tax), then the cash severance payments payable to the Executive under Subsection (a) of this Section
10 shall be reduced to such extent which would result in no portion of such severance benefits being subject to the Excise Tax under
Section 4999 of the Code (the Reduced Amount).
Any determination of the Excise Tax or the Reduced Amount required under this Section
10(d) shall be made in writing by the Companys independent public accountants, whose determination shall be conclusive and binding
upon the Company and the Executive for all purposes. For purposes of making the calculations required by this Section 10(d), the accountants
may make reasonable assumptions and approximations concerning applicable taxes and may rely on reasonable, good faith interpretations
concerning the application of Sections 280G and 4999 of the Code. The Company and the Executive shall furnish such information and documents
as the accountants may reasonably request in order to make a determination under this Section 10(d). The Company shall bear all costs
the accountants may reasonably incur in connection with any calculations contemplated by this Section 10(d).

11. NO
BREACH. Executive hereby represents and warrants to the Company that: the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by
Executive does not and shall not conflict with, breach, violate or cause a default under any contract, agreement, instrument, order,
judgment or decree to which Executive is a party or by which Executive is bound; and Executive has not and will not bring to or use at
the Company, directly or indirectly, any trade secrets or confidential information of any third party.

12. NOTICES.
All notices or communications required by or bearing upon this Agreement or between the Parties shall be in writing and shall be
deemed duly given (i) on the date of delivery if delivered personally or by email (with confirmation of receipt), (ii) on the first (1st)
business day following the date of dispatch if delivered using a next-day service by a recognized next-day courier or (iii) on the earlier
of confirmed receipt or the fifth (5th) business day following the date of mailing if delivered by registered or certified
mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid. All notices hereunder shall be delivered to the addresses set forth below, or pursuant
to such other instructions as may be designated in writing by the party to receive such notice delivered to their respective addresses
set forth below:

(a) if
to the Executive, to:

Janet
Huffman

5317
Fruitville Rd Unit #139

Sarasota,
FL 34232

Email:
jh.financialconsulting@gmail.com

(b) if
to the Company, to:

Oragenics,
Inc.

4902
Eisenhower Boulevard - Suite 125

Tampa,
Florida 32202

Attn:
President and Chief Executive Officer

Email:
kmur phy@o ragenic s.com

12

13. NON-ASSIGNMENT.
The Executive and the Company acknowledge the unique nature of services to be provided by the Executive under this Agreement, the
high degree of responsibility borne by her and the personal nature of her relationship to the Companys business and customers.
Therefore, the Executive and the Company agree that Executive may not assign this Agreement or any of her rights or responsibilities
hereunder without the prior written consent of the Company. Similarly, the Company may not assign this Agreement or any of its rights
or responsibilities hereunder without the prior written consent of the Executive except to another entity that survives a merger, acquisition
or consolidation with the Company or which otherwise succeeds to all or substantially all of the Companys assets or business.
Any purported assignment in violation hereof is void. Employers authorized assignees shall be authorized to enforce all restrictive
covenants herein

14. COMPLIANCE
WITH SECTION 409A OF THE CODE. The Executive and the Company acknowledge that each of the payments and benefits promised to Executive
under this Agreement must either comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code (Section 409A), and the regulations
thereunder or qualify for an exception from compliance. To that end, the Executive and the Company agree that the severance payments
described in Sections 9 and 10 are intended to be excepted from compliance with Section 409A as either short-term deferrals pursuant
to Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) or separation pay pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(9).

In
the case of a payment that is not excepted from compliance with Section 409A, and that is not otherwise designated to be paid immediately
upon a permissible payment event within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(a), the payment shall not be made prior to,
and shall, if necessary, be deferred to and paid on the later of the date sixty (60) days after the Executives earliest separation
from service (within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h)) and, if the Executive is a specified employee (within the
meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(i)) of the Company on the date of her separation from service, the first day of the seventh
month following the Executives separation from service. Furthermore, this Agreement shall be construed and administered in such
manner as shall be necessary to effect compliance with Section 409A. Each payment in a series of payments shall be treated as a separate
payment for purposes of the application of Section 409A.

15. INJUNCTIVE
RELIEF. The Executive acknowledges and accepts that her compliance with Sections 5, 6 and 7 is an integral part of the consideration
to be received by the Company and is necessary to protect the equity value, business and goodwill and other proprietary interests of
the Company. The Executive and the Company each acknowledge that a breach by the other Party of this Agreement (including a breach by
the Executive of Sections 5, 6 and 7 will result in irreparable and continuing damage to the other Party for which the remedies at law
will be inadequate, and agrees that, in the event of any breach by the other Party of this Agreement, the non-breaching Party shall be
entitled to injunctive relief and to have this Agreement specifically performed, which shall be in addition to, and not in lieu of, any
other relief to which such Party shall be entitled.

13

16. ENFORCEABILITY.
If any provision of this Agreement shall be found by a court with proper jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, in whole or
in part, then such provision shall be deemed to be modified, narrowed, or restricted only to the limited extent and in the manner necessary
to render the same valid and enforceable, as the case may require, and this Agreement shall be construed and enforced to the maximum
extent permitted by law as if such provision had been originally incorporated herein as so modified, narrowed, or restricted.

17. GENERAL
PROVISIONS.

(a) This
Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Florida, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law that would
result in application of the law of any other jurisdiction.

(b)The parties to this Agreement: (a) consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts having jurisdiction over Hillsborough County, Florida, (b) stipulate that the proper, exclusive, and convenient venue for every legal proceeding arising out of or related to this Agreement and any aspect of Executives employment with the Company is Hillsborough County, Florida, for a state court proceeding and the Middle District of Florida, Tampa Division, for a federal court proceeding, and (c) waive any defense, whether asserted by motion or pleading, that Hillsborough County, Florida, or the Middle District of Florida, Tampa Division, does not have personal jurisdiction over Executive or is an improper or inconvenient venue. The Executive and Company knowingly, voluntarily and intentionally waive their right to a jury trial in any lawsuit between the Executive and the Company that arises out of or is related to this Agreement or Executives employment with the Company whether at law or in equity.

(c) This
Agreement represents the sole agreement of the Executive and the Company concerning the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior
communications, representations and negotiations, whether oral or written, concerning such subject matter.

(d) This
Agreement can only be modified or amended by the written consent of both Executive and the Company hereto which states that it constitutes
an amendment hereto.

(e) No
purported waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall be legally effective unless upon the Party providing such waiver has duly executed
and delivered to the other Party a written instrument which states that it constitutes a waiver of one or more provisions of this Agreement
and specifies the provision(s) that are being waived. Failure by either Party to pursue remedies or assert rights under this Agreement
shall not be construed as waiver of that Partys rights or remedies, nor shall a Partys failure to demand strict compliance
with the terms and conditions of this Agreement prohibit or estop that Party from insisting upon strict compliance in the future.

(f) This
Agreement shall bind the Parties respective heirs, successors, representatives and permitted assigns.

(g) No
Person other than Parties and their respective heirs, successors, representatives and permitted assigns of the parties is a party to,
or shall otherwise have any rights with respect to, this Agreement.

(h) This
Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and it shall not be necessary for the parties to execute any of the same counterparts
hereof. Counterparts to this Agreement may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf) or other transmission method and
any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes.

14

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Executive Employment Agreement to be effective on the Effective Date, for the purposes
herein contained.

COMPANY Oragenics, Inc. EXECUTIVE

By: /s/ Kimberly M. Murphy /s/
Janet Huffman

Kimberly M. Murphy, Chief Executive Officer Janet Huffman

15

EXHIBIT
A

RELEASE

In
exchange for the consideration set forth in [Section 9/Section 10] of the Executive Employment Agreement dated as of March
6, 2023 (the Employment Agreement) between Janet Huffman (Executive) and Oragenics, Inc., (the Company),
the Executive, for herself and her heirs, assigns, executors and administrators, hereby waives and releases the Company, and its successors
and assigns, as well as any subsidiary and affiliate of the Company, and each of their respective officers, directors, agents, shareholders
and employees (the Company Released Parties), from any and all Claims as defined herein.

For
the purpose of this Release, the term Claims means any and all claims, debts, damages, demands, liabilities, benefits,
suits in equity, complaints, grievances, obligations, promises, agreements, rights, controversies, costs, losses, remedies, attorneys
fees and expenses, back pay, front pay, severance pay, percentage recovery, injunctive relief, lost profits, emotional distress, mental
anguish, personal injuries, liquidated damages, punitive damages, disability benefits, interest, expert fees and expenses, reinstatement,
other compensation, suits, appeals, actions, and causes of action, of whatever kind or character, including without limitation, any dispute,
claim, charge, or cause of action arising under Civil Rights Act of 1964, Title VII (including the Civil Rights Act of 1991); the Civil
Rights Act of 1866, 42 U.S.C. 1981; the Equal Pay Act of 1963; the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967; the Americans
with Disabilities Act of 1990; the Rehabilitation Act of 1973; the Employee Retirement Income Security Act; the Consolidated Budget and
Reconciliation Act of 1985; the Fair Labor Standards Act; the Family and Medical Leave Act; the Labor Management Relations Act; the Employee
Polygraph Protection Act; the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act; the Occupational Safety and Health Act; the Electronic
Communications Privacy Act; the Uniform Services Employment and Re-Employment Rights Act; the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; the Fair Credit Reporting
Act; the Florida Civil Rights Act; the Genetic Information Non-Discrimination Act; the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Act, Floridas
Minimum Wage Act, all other applicable state and federal fair employment laws, state and federal equal employment opportunity laws, and
state and federal labor statutes and regulations, and all other constitutional, federal, state, local, and municipal law claims, whether
statutory, regulatory, common law (including without limitation, breach of the Employment Agreement, other breach of express or implied
contract, wrongful discharge in violation of public policy, breach of covenant of good faith and fair dealing, promissory estoppel, quantum
meruit, fraud, fraud in the inducement, fraud in the factum, statutory fraud, negligent misrepresentation, defamation, libel, slander,
slander per se, retaliation, tortuous interference with prospective contract, tortuous interference with business relationship, tortuous
interference with contract, invasion of privacy, intentional infliction of emotional distress, and any other common law theory of recovery,
whether legal or equitable, negligent or intentional), or otherwise, whether known or unknown to the Executive, foreseen or unforeseen,
fixed or contingent, liquidated or unliquidated, directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to any and all disputes now existing
between the Executive on the one hand, and the Company or Company Released Parties on the other hand, whether related to or in any way
growing out of, resulting from or to result from the Executives employment with and/or termination from the Company, for or because
of any matter or thing done, omitted, or allowed to be done by the Company or the Company Released Parties, for any incidents, including
those past and present, which existed or may have existed at any time prior to and/or contemporaneously with the execution of this Release,
including all past, present, and future damages, injuries, costs, expenses, attorneys fees, other fees, effects and results in
any way related to or connected with such incidents.

A-1

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the term Claim shall not include:

(a) The
Executives rights, if any, to unemployment, state disability and/or paid family leave
insurance benefits pursuant to the terms of applicable law;

(b) Any
violation of any federal, state or local statutory and/or public policy right or entitlement
that, by applicable law, may not be waived;

(c) The
Executives right to any severance benefits or equity awards under the Employment Agreement;

(d) The
Executives right, if any, to directors and officers liability insurance
coverage or indemnification;

(e) The
Executives rights, if any, as an equity or security holder in the Company; and

(f) Any
Claim that is based on an act or omission that occurs after the date the Executive execute
this Release.

The
Executive understands that the Executive is releasing Claims of which the Executive may not be aware. This is the Executives knowing
and voluntary intent, even though the Executive recognizes that someday the Executive might learn that some or all of the facts that
the Executive currently believes to be true are untrue and even though the Executive might then regret having signed this Release. Nevertheless,
the Executive is assuming that risk and the Executive agrees that this Release shall remain effective in all respects in any such case.
It is further understood and agreed that the Executive is waiving all rights under any statute or common law principle which otherwise
limits application of a general release to claims which the releasing party does not know or suspect to exist in her favor at the time
of signing the release which, if known by her, would have materially affected her settlement with the party being released and the Executive
understands the significance of doing so.

The
Executive represents that the Executive nor her heirs, agents, representatives or attorneys have filed or caused to be filed any lawsuit,
with respect to any Claims that the Executive is releasing in this Agreement. The Executive further represents that she has not assigned
or transferred any Claim released by this Release.

A-2

Executive
understands that nothing contained in this Release limits her ability to communicate with, or file a complaint or charge with the Equal
Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC), the National Labor Relations Board, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration,
the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), the Department of Justice (DOJ) or any other federal, state,
or local governmental agency or commission (collectively, Government Agencies), or otherwise participate in any investigation
or proceeding that may be conducted by Government Agencies, including providing documents or other information, without notice to the
Company; provided, however, that Executive may not disclose Company information that is protected by the attorney-client privilege, except
as expressly authorized by law. Executive retains the right to communicate with the Government Agencies and such communication can be
initiated by Executive or in response to the government and is not limited by any non-disparagement or confidentiality obligation under
the Employment Agreement or this Release. This Release does not limit the Executives right to receive an award from the SEC or
DOJ for information provided to them. Executive hereby waives and releases her right to recover money or other relief in any action that
might be brought on her behalf by any other person or entity including, but not limited to, the State of Florida, EEOC, the Department
of Labor or any other federal, state or local agency or department.

This
Release shall be governed by the laws of the State of Florida, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law that would
result in application of the law of any other jurisdiction. The Executive: (a) consents to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and
federal courts having jurisdiction over Hillsborough County, Florida, (b) stipulates that the proper, exclusive, and convenient venue
for every legal proceeding arising out of or related to this Release and any aspect of Executives employment with the Company
is Hillsborough County, Florida, for a state court proceeding and the Middle District of Florida, Tampa Division, for a federal court
proceeding, and (c) waives any defense, whether asserted by motion or pleading, that Hillsborough County, Florida, or the Middle District
of Florida, Tampa Division, does not have personal jurisdiction over Executive or is an improper or inconvenient venue. The Executive
and Company knowingly, voluntarily and intentionally waive their right to a jury trial in any lawsuit between the Executive and the Company
that arises out of or is related to this Release or Executives employment with the Company whether at law or in equity. In
any litigation between the Executive and the Company or Other Released Parties arising out of or related to this Release, the losing
party shall reimburse the prevailing party for all reasonable attorneys fees and costs incurred by that prevailing party in enforcing,
defending, or prosecuting this Release.

Whenever
possible, each provision of this Release shall be interpreted in, such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but
if any provision of this Release is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or rule in any
jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision or any other jurisdiction, but this
Release shall be reformed, construed and enforced in such jurisdiction as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision had never
been contained herein.

A-3

Older
Workers Benefit Protection Act Provisions. In accordance with the requirements of the Older Workers Benefits Protection
Act, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Executive expressly acknowledges the following:

(a) Consideration.
The consideration provided pursuant to [Section 9/Section 10] of the Employment Agreement is in addition to any consideration
that the Executive would otherwise be entitled.

(b) Independent
Legal Counsel. The Company has advised and encouraged the Executive to consult with an attorney before signing this Release. The
Executive acknowledges that if she desired to, the Executive had an adequate opportunity to do so.

(c) Consideration
Period. The Executive has forty-five (45) calendar days from Executives termination date to consider this Release before signing
it. The Executive may use as much or as little of this forty-five (45) day period as she wishes before signing. If the Executive does
not sign and return this Release within this forty-five (45) day period, the Release will not become effective or enforceable and the
Executive will not receive the severance benefits pursuant to [Section 9/Section 10] the Employment Agreement.

(d) Revocation
Period and Effective Date. The Executive has seven (7) calendar days after signing this Release to revoke it. To revoke this Release
after signing it, the Executive must deliver a written notice of revocation to the Company, so that it is actually received before the
seven (7) day period expires. This Release shall not become effective until the eighth (8th) calendar day after the Executive
signs it (Revocation Expiration Date). If the Executive revokes this Release on or before the Revocation Expiration
Date, it will not become effective or enforceable and Executive will not receive the severance benefits pursuant to [Section 9/Section
10] the Employment Agreement.

(e)
Future Claims Reserved. The Executive is not waiving or releasing any claims that may
arise after the date that this Release is executed.

The
Company has advised the Executive to consult with an attorney prior to executing the Release. The Executive acknowledges and represents
that she: (a) has fully and carefully read this Release prior to signing it, (b) has been, or has had the opportunity to be, advised
by independent legal counsel of her own choice as to the legal effect and meaning of each of the terms and conditions of this Release,
and (c) is signing and entering into this Release as a free and voluntary act without duress or undue pressure or influence of any kind
or nature whatsoever and has not relied on any promises, representations or warranties regarding the subject matter hereof other than
as set forth in this Release.

EXECUTIVE

Janet
Huffman

Dated: 

A-4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.2

FIRST
AMENDMENT TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This
First Amendment to Employment Agreement (this Amendment) is effective as of January 16, 2025 (the Effective
Date), by and between Oragenics, Inc., a Florida corporation (the Company), and Janet Huffman (the Executive)
(Company and Executive may be referred to hereinafter individually, as a Party or collectively, as the Parties).

WHEREAS,
the Company and Executive entered into that certain Employment Agreement (the Agreement) on March 7, 2023;

WHEREAS,
the Company wishes to appoint Executive to serve as Interim Chief Executive Officer, until further notice, reporting to the Executive
Chair of the Board of Directors of the Company, and Executive wishes to accept such appointment;

WHEREAS,
the Company wishes to increase Executives Base Salary and have Executive perform services on behalf of the Company in Sarasota,
Florida as the Companys corporate headquarters; and

WHEREAS,
the Company and Executive desire to maintain all of the terms and conditions of the Agreement and its incorporated exhibits except as
modified herein.

NOW
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereby agree as follows:

1. Recitals.
The Parties acknowledge and agree that the recitals set forth above are true and correct
and are hereby incorporated herein by reference.

2. Amendment.
Section 2 of the Agreement is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:

2.
POSITION AND DUTIES. During the Term, the Executive will serve as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company. As requested by
the Board of Directors, the Executive also shall serve as the Interim Chief Executive Officer of the Company until such time as a new
CEO is hired or a subsequent determination is made to appoint Ms. Huffman as the Companys CEO. The Executive agrees that during
the Term, as defined below, she shall dedicate her full business time, attention and energies (except as provided below) to performing
her duties to the Company, as prescribed by the Companys Executive Chair of the Board of Directors or directly by the Board of
Directors. The Executive will manage the business affairs of the Company and perform the duties typically assigned to the chief financial
officer or chief executive officer of a similarly situated company in the Companys industry. The Executive shall also perform
such other reasonable duties as may hereafter be assigned to her by the Executive Chair of the Board or the Board of Directors, consistent
with her abilities and position as the Chief Financial Officer and Interim Chief Executive Officer, including providing such further
services to the Company as may reasonably be requested of her. The Executive will report to the Executive Chair and the Board of Directors,
and carry out the decisions and otherwise abide by and enforce the rules and policies of the Company. During the Term, Executive shall
perform the services required by this Agreement in Sarasota, Florida, except for travel to other locations as may be necessary to fulfill
Executives duties and responsibilities hereunder.

The
Executive shall devote her best efforts to the business and affairs of the Company and, during the Term and shall comply with at all
times the restrictive covenants provided in Sections 5 and 7 below. The Company and the Executive acknowledge and agree that, during
the Term, Executive shall be permitted to: (i) serve on civic or charitable boards or committees; and (ii) and on such additional corporate
boards as the Nominating and Governance Committee and the Board may approve; and (iii) manage passive personal investments, so long as
any such activities, individually or in the aggregate, do not unduly interfere with the performance of Executives responsibilities
as an executive officer of the Company in accordance with this Agreement.

3. Section
4(a) of the Agreement is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:

4.
COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS.

(a)
Base Salary. During the period from January 16, 2025 until the end of the Term, the Executives annual base salary shall
be Two Hundred Seventy Five Thousand Dollars ($275,000.00) per year, which shall be payable by the Company to the Executive in installments
consistent with the Companys normal payroll schedule, subject to customary withholding as required by applicable law. This annual
base salary shall be reviewed by the Board periodically, and the Board may adjust the Executives annual base salary from time
to time as the Board deems to be appropriate subject to Executives performance, the Companys financial condition and market
conditions.

4. Other
Provisions Unaffected. Except as expressly modified and amended herein, all terms, conditions
and covenants set forth in the Agreement are hereby reaffirmed and shall remain in full force
and effect and unaffected by this Amendment; provided, however, that to the extent of any
inconsistency between the terms of this Amendment and the Agreement, this Amendment shall
control.

5. Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and it shall not be necessary
for the parties to execute any of the same counterparts hereof. Counterparts to this Agreement
may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf) or other transmission method
and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered
and be valid and effective for all purposes.

[Remainder
of this page intentionally left blank; signatures to follow]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement to be effective as of the day and year first written above.

COMPANY

Oragenics, Inc., a Florida corporation

By: /s/ Charles Pope

Name: Charles Pope

Title: Executive Chair

EXECUTIVE

/s/ Janet Huffman

Janet Huffman

[Signature
Page to Amendment to Employment Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ogen-20250115.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ogen-20250115_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ogen-20250115_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 15, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 15, 2025

Entity File Number 001-32188

Entity Registrant Name Oragenics,
Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001174940

Entity Tax Identification Number 59-3410522

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code FL

Entity Address, Address Line One 1990 Main Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 750

Entity Address, City or Town Sarasota

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 34236

City Area Code 813

Local Phone Number 286-7900

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock

Trading Symbol OGEN

Security Exchange Name NYSEAMER

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://oragenics.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
ogen-20250115.xsd 
ogen-20250115_lab.xml 
ogen-20250115_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-002751-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001174940 

2025-01-15 
2025-01-15 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001174940 
8-K 
2025-01-15 
Oragenics, Inc. 
FL 
001-32188 
59-3410522 
1990 Main Street 
Suite 750 
Sarasota 
FL 
34236 
813 
286-7900 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock 
OGEN 
NYSEAMER 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>