<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-050422.txt : 20250310
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-050422.hdr.sgml : 20250310
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250310081707
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-050422
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250309
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250310
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250310

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BLACKLINE, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001666134
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				463354276
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37924
		FILM NUMBER:		25722242

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		21300 VICTORY BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		12TH FLOOR
		CITY:			WOODLAND HILLS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91367
		BUSINESS PHONE:		818-223-9008

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		21300 VICTORY BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		12TH FLOOR
		CITY:			WOODLAND HILLS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91367
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d938473d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000166613400016661342025-03-092025-03-09

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (date of earliest event reported)

March 9, 2025

BLACKLINE, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-37924 46-3354276

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number)

21300 Victory Boulevard, 12th Floor

Woodland Hills, California91367

(Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)

(818)223-9008

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which

registered

Common Stock, $0.01, par value BL The Nasdaq Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

On March 9, 2025, BlackLine, Inc. (the Company) entered into a cooperation letter agreement (the Agreement) with Scalar Gauge Fund, LP and certain other parties (collectively, Scalar Gauge). 

Among other things, the Agreement provides that: 

The Company will increase the size of the Companys board of directors (the Board) to 11 directors and appoint Scott Davidson as a Class I Director, with a term expiring at the Companys 2026 annual meeting of stockholders (the 2026 Annual Meeting) and will be appointed to a standing committee of the Board prior to the Companys 2025 annual meeting of stockholders. 

For the period from the effective date of the Agreement through 15 days prior to the deadline for submission of director nominations for the 2026 Annual Meeting (such period, the Restricted Period), Scalar Gauge will vote, subject to certain limited exceptions, its shares of the Companys common stock in favor of the election of each person nominated by the Board for election as a director, against any proposals or resolutions to remove a member of the Board, and in accordance with the recommendation of the Board on all other proposals or business. 

During the Restricted Period, Scalar Gauge and certain other related persons will be subject to customary standstill provisions as set forth in the Agreement. The standstill provisions provide, among other things, that Scalar Guage and such related persons cannot, subject to certain exceptions provided in the Agreement: 

o 

enter into a voting agreement or any group with stockholders of the Company, other than with other Restricted Persons; 

o 

seek representation on the Board, or submit any proposal for consideration by stockholders of the Company at any annual or special meeting of stockholders; 

o 

acquire any securities of the Company that would result in Scalar Gauge and such related persons beneficially owning 4.9 percent or more of the then-outstanding voting securities of the Company; or 

o 

other than through certain open market transactions and public offerings, sell securities of the Company to any person that is not a party to the Agreement that, to Scalar Gauges knowledge, would result in such party having any beneficial or other ownership interest of more than 4.9 percent of the then-outstanding voting securities of the Company (subject to limited exceptions as provided in the Agreement). 

During the Restricted Period, if Mr. Davidson ceases to be a director for any reason, then Scalar Gauge will identify and recommend a replacement independent director, and the Board will appoint such director provided such director must be reasonably acceptable to the Board and meet certain other requirements. 

The foregoing summary of the Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Agreement, a copy of which is filed with this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 10.1 and is incorporated by reference. 

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. 

On March 9, 2025, Mr. Davidson was appointed as a member of the Board, effective as of March 14, 2025. Mr. Davidson will serve as a Class I Director, with a term expiring at the Companys 2026 annual meeting of stockholders. 

Mr. Davidson has over 25 years of strategy, financial management, acquisitions, and sales & marketing experience at software companies. Previously, he was the Chief Operating Officer at Alteryx and led the companys 

2 

digital transformation of core technologies, cloud transition, and successful M&A strategy. Prior to this, Davidson served as the Chief Financial Officer at Hortonworks, a public open-source data platform company, leading the Company through its successful IPO in 2014 and beyond. As CFO and later also as Chief Operating Officer, he oversaw Finance, HR, IT, Corporate Development, Sales, Marketing, and Professional Services. In 2018, he helped lead Hortonworks $5.2 billion merger with Cloudera. Prior to Hortonworks, Davidson was the CFO of Quest Software, where he drove over 30 separate acquisitions, and held strategic financial roles at Citrix Systems, guiding it through robust revenue growth. Davidson earned an M.B.A. from the University of Miami. 

In accordance with the Companys amended and restated Outside Director Compensation Policy, the terms of which are described in the Companys proxy statement for its 2024 annual meeting of stockholders, Mr. Davidson is entitled to cash and equity compensation for his service on the Board and the Compensation Committee. Mr. Davidson will also enter into BlackLines standard form of indemnification agreement, which has been previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

There are no family relationships between Mr. Davidson and any director or executive officer of the Company, and Mr. Davidson has no direct or indirect material interest in any transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.

Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure. 

On March 10, 2025, the Company announced the appointment of Mr. Davidson as a member of the Board. The full text of the press release issued in connection with the announcement is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

The information in Item 7.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K (including Exhibit 99.1 furnished herewith) shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act) or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Exchange Act, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits 

Exhibit

No. 

Description

10.1* 

Cooperation Letter Agreement, dated March 9, 2025, between the Company, Scalar Gauge Fund, L.P. and certain other parties. 

99.1 

Press Release issued by the Company on March 10, 2025. 

104 

The cover page from this Current Report on Form 8-K, formatted in Inline XBRL.

* 

Exhibits omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company will furnish a copy of any omitted exhibit to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. The Company may request confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Exchange Act for any exhibits so furnished. 

3 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

BLACKLINE, INC.

Date: March 10, 2025 

By: 

/s/ Karole Morgan-Prager

Karole Morgan-Prager

Chief Legal and Administrative Officer

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d938473dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

EXHIBIT 10.1 

BlackLine, Inc. 

21300
Victory Boulevard, 12th Floor 

Woodland Hills, California 91367 

March 9, 2025 

Scalar Gauge Fund, LP 

8115 Preston Road, Suite 585 

Dallas, Texas 75225 

Attn: Sumit Gautam, Principal 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

This letter (this Agreement) constitutes the agreement between (a) BlackLine, Inc. (Company) and
(b) Scalar Gauge Fund, LP (Scalar Gauge) and each of the other related Persons (as defined below) set forth on the signature pages to this Agreement (collectively with Scalar Gauge, the Scalar Gauge
Signatories). Company and the Scalar Gauge Signatories are collectively referred to as the Parties. The Scalar Gauge Signatories and each Affiliate (as defined below) and Associate (as defined below) of each Scalar Gauge
Signatory are collectively referred to as the Scalar Gauge Group. 

1. New Independent Director.
Effective as soon as reasonably practicable following the date of this Agreement (and in no circumstances later than the fifth Business Day following the date of this Agreement), Companys Board of Directors (the Board) will
take all action necessary (including increasing the size of the Board) to appoint Scott J. Davidson (the New Director) as a Class I director with a term expiring at Companys 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the
2026 Annual Meeting). The New Director, and any Replacement Director (as defined below), shall be (a) appointed to a standing committee of the Board before the 2025 Annual Meeting, and (b) considered for membership on
other committees of the Board in the same manner as other independent members of the Board. 

2. Replacement of the New
Director. During the Restricted Period (as defined below) but subject to paragraph 3, if the New Director ceases to be a member of the Board for any reason, then Scalar Gauge will have the right to identify (and, subject to the next
sentence of this paragraph 2, the Board will take all action necessary to, within 10 Business Days, if practicable, appoint) another person (a Replacement Director) to serve as a director in place of the New Director (and,
subject to the next sentence of this paragraph 2, the Board will take all action necessary to, within 10 Business Days, appoint such other person so identified to serve as a director in place of the New Director). Any Replacement Director must
(a) be reasonably acceptable to the Board; (b) be qualified to serve as a member of the Board under all applicable corporate governance policies or guidelines of Company and the Board and applicable legal and regulatory requirements;
(c) meet the independence requirements with respect to Company of the listing rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market (Nasdaq) and all applicable rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC);
(d) have complied with Companys procedures for new director candidates (including the full completion of a directors and officers questionnaire, undergoing a customary background check, and participating in interviews with the members of
the Boards Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the Board); and (e) not be a 

current or former principal, Affiliate or Associate of the Scalar Gauge Group. In connection with the appointment of any Replacement Director, the members of the Scalar Gauge Group will again
make, for the benefit of Company, the representations in clauses (d) and (f) of paragraph 18. Upon becoming a member of the Board, the Replacement Director, as applicable, will succeed to all of the rights and privileges, and will be bound by
the terms and conditions, of the New Director under this Agreement. 

3. Termination of Certain Obligations.
Companys obligations under paragraph 1, paragraph 2 and paragraph 4 will immediately terminate upon the earliest of: (a) the Scalar Gauge Group no longer beneficially owning shares of Companys common stock (which shares are
determined to be Net Long Shares (as defined below)) representing in the aggregate at least 90% of the number of shares disclosed in the first line of Exhibit B of the Companys then-outstanding common stock; (b) any Restricted
Person (as defined below) breaching this Agreement and such breach not being cured (if capable of being cured) within 15 days after receipt by Scalar Gauge from Company of written notice specifying the breach; or (c) the submission by any
Restricted Person of any director nominations in connection with any meeting of Companys stockholders. 

4. Size of
the Board. During the Restricted Period, the Board will be comprised of no more than twelve directors. 

5. Recusal. Scalar Gauge understands and agrees that the Board or any of its committees, in the exercise of its fiduciary
duties, may require that the New Director be recused from any Board or committee meeting or portion thereof at which the Board or any such committee is evaluating or taking action with respect to the exercise of any of Companys rights or
enforcement of any of the obligations under this Agreement. 

6. Compliance with Laws and Company Policies. Scalar
Gauge acknowledges that the New Director will be governed by the same laws, policies, procedures, processes, codes, rules, standards and guidelines applicable to members of the Board, including Companys code of conduct, insider trading policy,
Regulation FD policy, related party transactions policy and the Guidelines, in each case in effect and as amended from time to time. 

7. No Fiduciary Restriction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, Company and Scalar Gauge each
acknowledge that the New Director, during the New Directors service as a director of Company, will not be prohibited from acting in the New Directors capacity as a director or from complying with the New Directors fiduciary duties
as directors of Company (including voting on any matter submitted for consideration by the Board, participating in deliberations or discussions of the Board, and making suggestions or raising any issues or recommendations to the Board). 

8. Director Benefits. The New Director will be entitled to the same director benefits as other members of the Board,
including (a) compensation for such directors service as directors and reimbursement of such directors expenses on the same basis as all other non-employee directors of Company;
(b) equity-based compensation grants and other benefits, if any, on the same basis as all other non-employee directors of Company; and (c) the same rights of indemnification and directors and
officers liability insurance coverage as the other non-employee directors of Company as such rights may exist from time to time. 

-2- 

9. Voting Commitment. During the Restricted Period, at each annual or
special meeting of Companys stockholders (including any adjournments, postponements or other delays thereof) or action by written consent, Scalar Gauge will cause all Voting Securities (as defined below) that are beneficially owned by Scalar
Gauge to be (a) present for quorum purposes, if applicable; and (b) voted or consented (i) in favor of the election of each person nominated by the Board for election as a director; (ii) against any proposals or resolutions to
remove any member of the Board; and (iii) in accordance with the recommendation of the Board on all other proposals or business that may be the subject of stockholder action at such meeting or action by written consent. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, (A) if Institutional Shareholder Services Inc. (ISS) or Glass Lewis & Co., LLC (Glass Lewis) recommends a vote inconsistent with the recommendation of the Board at any annual or special
meeting of Companys stockholders with respect to (1) Companys say-on-pay proposal or (2) any other proposal (other than the election or
removal of directors), then the members of the Scalar Gauge Group will be permitted to vote in accordance with the recommendation of ISS or Glass Lewis; and (B) the members of the Scalar Gauge Group will be permitted to vote in their sole
discretion on any proposals related to an Extraordinary Transaction (as defined below). 

10. Standstill. During the
Restricted Period, Scalar Gauge will not, and will cause the other Restricted Persons not to, in any way, directly or indirectly (in each case, except as expressly permitted by this Agreement): 

(a) with respect to Company or the Voting Securities, (i) make, participate in or encourage any solicitation
(as such term is used in the proxy rules of the SEC, including any solicitations of the type contemplated by Rule 14a-2(b) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange
Act)) of proxies or consents with respect to the election or removal of directors or any other matter or proposal; (ii) become a participant (as such term is used in the proxy rules of the SEC) in any such solicitation of
proxies or consents; (iii) seek to advise, encourage or influence any Person, or to assist any Person in so encouraging, advising or influencing any Person, with respect to the giving or withholding of any proxy, consent or other authority to
vote or act (other than such encouragement, advice or influence that is consistent with the Boards recommendation in connection with such matter, if applicable); or (iv) initiate, encourage or participate, directly or indirectly, in any
vote no, withhold or similar campaign; 

(b) initiate, propose or otherwise solicit (as
such term is used in the proxy rules of the SEC, including any solicitations of the type contemplated by Rule 14a-2(b) promulgated under the Exchange Act) Companys stockholders for the approval of any
shareholder proposal, whether made pursuant to Rule 14a-4 or Rule 14a-8 promulgated under the Exchange Act, or otherwise, or cause or encourage any Person to initiate or
submit any such shareholder proposal; 

(c) with respect to Company or the Voting Securities, (i) communicate with
Companys stockholders or others pursuant to Rule 14a-1(l)(2)(iv)(A) promulgated under the Exchange Act; (ii) participate in, or take any action pursuant to, or encourage any Person to take any
action pursuant to, any type of proxy access; or (iii) conduct any nonbinding referendum or hold a stockholder forum; 

-3- 

(d) (i) seek, alone or in concert with others, election or appointment
to, or representation on, the Board; (ii) nominate or propose the nomination of, or recommend the nomination of, or encourage any Person to nominate or propose the nomination of or recommend the nomination of, any candidate to the Board; or
(iii) seek, alone or in concert with others, or encourage any Person to seek, the removal of any member of the Board; 

(e) (i) call or seek to call a special meeting of stockholders, or encourage any Person to call a special meeting of
stockholders; (ii) act or seek to act by written consent of stockholders; or (iii) make a request for any stockholder list or other records of Company; 

(f) other than solely with other Restricted Persons with respect to Voting Securities now or subsequently owned by them,
(i) form, join (whether or not in writing), encourage, influence (other than pursuant to Permitted Communications that would not otherwise violate this Section 10), advise or participate in a partnership, limited
partnership, syndicate or other group, including a group as defined pursuant to Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act, with respect to any Voting Securities; (ii) deposit any Voting Securities into a voting trust, arrangement or
agreement; or (iii) subject any Voting Securities to any voting trust, arrangement or agreement (other than granting proxies in solicitations approved by the Board); 

(g) (i) make any offer or proposal (with or without conditions) with respect to any tender offer, exchange offer, merger,
amalgamation, consolidation, acquisition, business combination, recapitalization, consolidation, restructuring, liquidation, dissolution or similar extraordinary transaction involving Company, any of its subsidiaries or any of their respective
securities or assets (each, an Extraordinary Transaction) and any Restricted Person; (ii) knowingly solicit any Person not a party to this Agreement (a Third Party) to, on an unsolicited basis, make an
offer or proposal (with or without conditions) with respect to any Extraordinary Transaction, or encourage, initiate or support any Third Party in making such an offer or proposal; (iii) participate in any way in, either alone or in concert
with others, any Extraordinary Transaction; or (iv) prior to Company announcing an Extraordinary Transaction, publicly comment on any proposal regarding any Extraordinary Transaction (it being understood that this clause (g) will not
restrict any Restricted Person from (A) having ordinary-course-of-business discussions with current or potential investors in Company that would not otherwise
violate this Agreement; (B) publicly supporting or opposing an Extraordinary Transaction involving any Third Party after Company has announced such Extraordinary Transaction; or (C) tendering shares, receiving payment for shares or
otherwise participating in any such Extraordinary Transaction on the same basis as other stockholders of Company); 

(h) institute, solicit, assist or join, as a party, any litigation, arbitration or other proceeding against or involving
Company, its Affiliates or any of their respective current or former directors or officers (including derivative actions), except that the foregoing will not prevent any Restricted Person from (i) bringing litigation to enforce the provisions
of this Agreement instituted in accordance with this Agreement; (ii) making counterclaims with respect to any proceeding initiated by, or on behalf of, Company or its Affiliates against a Restricted Person; (iii) bringing bona fide
commercial disputes that do not in any manner relate to the subject matter of this Agreement; (iv) exercising statutory appraisal rights; or (v) responding to or complying with a validly issued legal process; 

-4- 

(i) take any action in support of, or make any proposal or request that
constitutes: (i) controlling, changing or influencing the Board or management of Company, including any plans or proposals to change the number or term of directors or to fill any vacancies on the Board; (ii) controlling, changing or
influencing the capitalization, stock repurchase programs and practices, capital allocation programs and practices, or dividend policy of Company; (iii) controlling, changing or influencing Companys management, business or corporate
structure; (iv) seeking to have Company waive or make amendments or modifications to its certificate of incorporation or bylaws; (v) causing a class of securities of Company to be delisted from, or to cease to be authorized to be quoted
on, any securities exchange; or (vi) causing a class of securities of Company to become eligible for termination of registration pursuant to Section 12(g)(4) of the Exchange Act; 

(j) sell, offer or agree to sell to any Third Party, through swap or hedging transactions, derivative agreements or otherwise,
any voting rights decoupled from the underlying Voting Securities; 

(k) engage in any short sale or similar transaction with
respect to any security (other than a broad-based market basket or index) that includes, relates to or derives any significant part of its value from a decline in the market price or value of the securities of Company (it being understood that the
restrictions in this clause (k) will not apply to the sale of put options or other option-related contracts); 

(l) other than through non-public communications that would not reasonably be expected
to trigger public disclosure obligations for any Party, make or disclose any statement regarding any intent, purpose, plan or proposal with respect to the Board, Company or its management, policies, affairs or assets, or the Voting Securities or
this Agreement, that is inconsistent with the provisions of this Agreement, including any intent, purpose, plan or proposal that is conditioned on, or that would require, the waiver, amendment, nullification or invalidation of any provision of this
Agreement, or take any action that could require Company to make any public disclosure relating to any such intent, purpose, plan, proposal or condition; it being understood that this clause (l) will not restrict the ability of any Restricted
Person to publicly comment on any proposal regarding any Extraordinary Transaction by a Third Party after Company has announced such Extraordinary Transaction; 

(m) make or cause to be made any statement that disparages, calls into disrepute, slanders, impugns, casts in a negative light
or otherwise damages the reputation of Company or any of its Affiliates, Associates, subsidiaries, successors or assigns, or any of its or their respective current or former officers, directors, employees, stockholders, agents, attorneys, advisors
or representatives, or any of its or their respective businesses, products or services, in any manner that would reasonably be expected to damage the business or reputation of the other or its businesses, products or services (including any
statements regarding Companys strategy, operations, performance, products or services), it being understood that this clause (m) will not 

-5- 

restrict the ability of any Restricted Person to (i) comply with any subpoena or other legal process or respond to a request for information from any governmental authority with jurisdiction
over such Restricted Person; or (ii) enforce such Restricted Persons rights pursuant to this Agreement; 

(n) enter into any economic relationship with any Person in respect of Company, or compensate or enter into any agreement,
arrangement or understanding, whether written or oral, to compensate any person for his or her service as a director of Company with any cash, securities (including any rights or options convertible into or exercisable for or exchangeable into
securities or any profit sharing agreement or arrangement) or other form of compensation directly or indirectly related to Company or its securities (it being understood that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement and
notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement, the restrictions on Scalar Gauge and the other Restricted Persons contemplated by this clause (n) will be operative so long as the New Director is serving on the Board); 

(o) other than with other Restricted Persons, enter into any negotiations, agreements (whether written or oral), arrangements or
understandings with, or advise, finance, assist or encourage, any Third Party to take any action that the Restricted Persons are prohibited from taking pursuant to this Agreement; 

(p) acquire, offer, agree or propose to acquire, whether by purchase, tender or exchange offer, through the acquisition of
control of another Person, by joining a partnership, limited partnership, syndicate or other group (including a group as defined pursuant to Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act), through swap or hedging transactions, or otherwise, or
direct any Third Party in the acquisition of, any securities of Company or any rights decoupled from the underlying securities of Company that would result in the Scalar Gauge Group in the aggregate owning, controlling or otherwise having any
beneficial or other ownership interest of 4.9 percent or more of the then-outstanding Voting Securities (including, for purpose of this calculation, all Voting Securities that a member of the Scalar Gauge Group has the right to acquire pursuant
to the exercise of any rights in connection with any securities or any agreement, regardless of when such rights may be exercised and whether they are conditional and including economic ownership pursuant to a cash settled call option or other
derivative security, contract or instrument primarily related to the price of Voting Securities), it being understood that any holdings of securities of Company will be on a passive basis; or 

(q) other than through open market broker sale transactions where the identity of the purchaser is not known and in underwritten
widely dispersed public offerings, sell, offer or agree to sell, through swap or hedging transactions or otherwise, the securities of Company to any Third Party that, to the knowledge of any member of the Scalar Gauge Group (after due inquiry in
connection with a private, non-open market transaction, it being understood that such knowledge will be deemed to exist with respect to any publicly available information, including information in documents
filed with the SEC), would result in such Third Party, together with its Affiliates and Associates, owning, controlling or otherwise having any beneficial or other ownership interest of more than 4.9 percent of the then-outstanding Voting
Securities or that would increase the beneficial or other ownership interest of any Third Party who, together with 

-6- 

its Affiliates and Associates, has a beneficial or other ownership interest of more than 4.9 percent of the then-outstanding Voting Securities (it being understood that the restrictions in
this clause (q) will not apply to any Third Party that is a Schedule 13G filer and is a mutual fund, pension fund, index fund or investment fund manager with no known history of activism or known plans to engage in activism). 

Nothing in this Section 10 shall be interpreted to restrict the Scalar Gauge Group from making confidential communications to any of
their current or prospective investors or clients, in their capacities as such; provided that such conversations would not otherwise violate this Section 10 (the communications referred to in this sentence,
Permitted Communications). 

11. Withdrawal of Nominations. The Scalar Gauge Group agrees that
automatically and without any additional action by any Party, upon the execution of this Agreement by all of the Parties, Scalar Gauge Fund LP will be deemed to have irrevocably withdrawn its nomination of candidates for election as directors of
Company set forth in its letter to Company dated February 10, 2025. 

12. Non-Disparagement by Company. During the Restricted Period, Company will not,
and will direct its directors, officers and employees not to, make or cause to be made any statement that disparages, calls into disrepute, slanders, impugns, casts in a negative light or otherwise damages the reputation of any member of the Scalar
Gauge Group or any of their respective Affiliates, Associates, subsidiaries, successors or assigns, or any of its or their respective current or former officers, directors, employees, stockholders, agents, attorneys, advisors or representatives.
This paragraph 12 will not restrict the ability of any Person to (a) comply with any subpoena or other legal process or respond to a request for information from any governmental authority with jurisdiction over such Person; or
(b) enforce such Persons rights pursuant to this Agreement. 

13. Compliance with this Agreement. Scalar
Gauge will cause the Restricted Persons to comply with the terms of this Agreement and will be responsible for any breach of the terms of this Agreement by any Restricted Person (even if such Restricted Person is not a party to this Agreement). 

14. Expense Reimbursement. Within five Business Days of the receipt of appropriate documentation, if practicable, and in
any event in accordance with Companys regular accounts payable procedures, Company will reimburse the Scalar Gauge Group for its reasonable and documented
out-of-pocket legal expenses incurred by the Scalar Gauge Group in connection with its investment in Company, nomination of director candidates, the negotiation and
execution of this Agreement and related matters. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, all fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement will be paid by the Person incurring such fee, cost or expense. 

-7- 

15. Public Disclosure. 

(a) Press Release. No later than 6 a.m., Pacific time, on March 10, 2025, Company and Scalar Gauge will issue a
joint press release in the form attached as Exhibit A (the Press Release). Neither Company nor the members of the Scalar Gauge Group will make any public statements with respect to the matters covered by this Agreement or
in any other filing with the SEC, any other regulatory or governmental agency, any stock exchange or in any materials that would reasonably be expected to be filed with the SEC that are inconsistent with, or otherwise contrary to, the statements in
the Press Release, or speak on the record or on background with the media about the other Party or its respective Affiliates. 

(b) Form 8-K. Company will promptly prepare and file (but not before the issuance of the
Press Release) with the SEC a Current Report on Form 8-K (the Form 8-K) reporting the entry into this Agreement. All disclosure in the Form 8-K will be consistent with this Agreement. Company will provide Scalar Gauge and its counsel with a reasonable opportunity to review and comment on the Form 8-K prior to
filing, and will consider in good faith any changes proposed by Scalar Gauge or its counsel. The Form 8-K will include this Agreement as an exhibit. 

16. Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the term (a) Person will be interpreted broadly to include,
among others, any individual, general or limited partnership, corporation, limited liability or unlimited liability company, joint venture, estate, trust, group, association or other entity of any kind or structure;
(b) Affiliate has the meaning set forth in Rule 12b-2 promulgated under the Exchange Act and will include Persons who become Affiliates of any Person after the date of this Agreement;
(c) Associate has the meaning set forth in Rule 12b-2 promulgated under the Exchange Act and will include Persons who become Associates of any Person after the date of this Agreement,
but will exclude any Person not controlled by or under common control with the related Person; (d) beneficially own, beneficially owned and beneficial ownership has the meaning set forth
in Rule 13d-3 and Rule 13d-5(b)(1) promulgated under the Exchange Act; (e) Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or a day on
which the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco is closed; (f) Net Long Shares will be limited to the number of shares of Companys common stock that are beneficially owned by any Person that constitute such
Persons net long position as defined in Rule 14e-4 promulgated under the Exchange Act (except that for purposes of such definition, the date that the tender offer is first announced will instead refer to
the date for determining or documenting such Persons Net Long Shares and the reference to the highest tender price will refer to the market price on such date) and, to the extent not covered by such definition, reduced by any shares as to
which such Person does not have the right to vote or direct the vote as of the date for determining or documenting or as to which such Person has entered into a derivative or other agreement, arrangement or understanding that hedges or transfers, in
whole or in part, directly or indirectly, any of the economic consequences of ownership of such shares, it being understood that whether shares constitute Net Long Shares will be decided by the Board in its reasonable determination;
(g) Restricted Period means the period from the date of this Agreement until 11:59 p.m., Pacific time, on the day that is 15 days prior to the deadline for the submission of stockholder nominations of directors and business
proposals for Companys 2026 Annual Meeting (it being understood that paragraphs 14, 16, 17 and 20 through 29 will survive the end of the Restricted Period and any termination of this Agreement); (h) Restricted Persons
means the members of the Scalar Gauge Group and the principals, directors, general partners, officers, employees, agents and representatives of each member of the Scalar Gauge Group; and (i) Voting Securities means the shares
of Companys common stock and any other securities of Company entitled to vote in the election of directors, or securities convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for, such shares or other securities, whether or not subject to the
passage of time or other contingencies. 

-8- 

17. Interpretations. The words include, includes
and including will be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation. Unless the context requires otherwise, or is not exclusive. The definitions contained in this Agreement are applicable to the singular
as well as the plural forms of such terms. Any agreement, instrument, law, rule or statute defined or referred to in this Agreement means, unless otherwise indicated, such agreement, instrument, law, rule or statute as from time to time amended,
modified or supplemented. The measure of a period of one month or year for purposes of this Agreement will be the day of the following month or year corresponding to the starting date. If no corresponding date exists, then the end date of such
period being measured will be the next actual day of the following month or year (for example, one month following February 18 is March 18 and one month following March 31 is May 1). 

18. Representations of the Scalar Gauge Group. Each of the Scalar Gauge Signatories, severally and not jointly, represents
that (a) its authorized signatory set forth on the signature page to this Agreement has the power and authority to execute this Agreement and any other documents or agreements to be entered into in connection with this Agreement and to bind
such member; (b) this Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by it and is a valid and binding obligation of such member, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except as enforcement thereof may be limited by
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance or similar laws generally affecting the rights of creditors and subject to general equity principles; (c) this Agreement does not and will not violate any law,
any order of any court or other agency of government, its organizational documents or any provision of any agreement or other instrument to which it or any of its properties or assets is bound, or conflict with, result in a material breach of or
constitute (with due notice or lapse of time or both) a default under any such agreement or other instrument to which Scalar Gauge or any of the Scalar Gauge Signatories are bound, or result in the creation or imposition of, or give rise to, any
material lien, charge, restriction, claim, encumbrance or adverse penalty of any nature whatsoever; (d) it has not, and no other member of the Scalar Gauge Group has, directly or indirectly, compensated or entered into any agreement,
arrangement or understanding to compensate any person for his or her service as a director of Company with any cash, securities (including any rights or options convertible into or exercisable for or exchangeable into securities or any profit
sharing agreement or arrangement) or other form of compensation directly or indirectly related to Company or its securities; (e) it is the beneficial owner of the securities of Company set forth on Exhibit B; and (f) there is no economic
relationship between any member of the Scalar Gauge Group and the New Director relating to Company. 

19. Representations
of Company. Company represents that this Agreement (a) has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by it and is a valid and binding obligation of Company, enforceable against Company in accordance with its terms, except as enforcement
thereof may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance or similar laws generally affecting the rights of creditors and subject to 

-9- 

general equity principles; (b) does not require the approval of the stockholders of Company; and (c) does not and will not violate any law, any order of any court or other agency of
government, Companys certificate of incorporation or bylaws, each as amended from time to time, or any provision of any agreement or other instrument to which Company or any of its properties or assets is bound, or conflict with, result in a
material breach of or constitute (with due notice or lapse of time or both) a default under any such agreement or other instrument to which Company is bound, or result in the creation or imposition of, or give rise to, any material lien, charge,
restriction, claim, encumbrance or adverse penalty of any nature whatsoever. 

20. Specific Performance. Each Party
acknowledges and agrees that money damages would not be a sufficient remedy for any breach (or threatened breach) of this Agreement by it and that, in the event of any breach or threatened breach of this Agreement, (a) the Party seeking
specific performance will be entitled to injunctive and other equitable relief, without proof of actual damages; (b) the Party against whom specific performance is sought will not plead in defense that there would be an adequate remedy at law;
and (c) the Party against whom specific performance is sought agrees to waive any applicable right or requirement that a bond be posted. Such remedies will not be the exclusive remedies for a breach of this Agreement, but will be in addition to
all other remedies available at law or in equity. 

21. Entire Agreement; Binding Nature; Assignment; Waiver. This
Agreement constitutes the only agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement and it supersedes all prior agreements, understandings, negotiations and discussions, whether oral or written. This Agreement binds,
and will inure to the benefit of, the Parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns. No Party may assign or otherwise transfer either this Agreement or any of its rights, interests, or obligations under this Agreement without the
prior written approval of the other Party. Any purported transfer requiring consent without such consent is void. No amendment, modification, supplement or waiver of any provision of this Agreement will be effective unless it is in writing and
signed by the affected Party, and then only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose stated in such writing. Any waiver by any Party of a breach of any provision of this Agreement will not operate as or be construed to be a waiver of
any other breach of such provision or of any breach of any other provision of this Agreement. The failure of a Party to insist upon strict adherence to any term of this Agreement on one or more occasions will not be considered a waiver or deprive
that Party of the right to insist upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of this Agreement in the future. 

22. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable by any court of competent
jurisdiction, then the other provisions of this Agreement will remain in full force and effect. Any provision of this Agreement that is held invalid or unenforceable only in part or degree will remain in full force and effect to the extent not held
invalid or unenforceable, and this Agreement will otherwise be construed so as to effectuate the original intention of the Parties reflected in this Agreement. The Parties further agree to replace such invalid or unenforceable provision of this
Agreement with a valid and enforceable provision that will achieve, to the extent possible, the purposes of such invalid or unenforceable provision. 

-10- 

23. Governing Law; Forum. This Agreement is governed by and will be
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware. Each of the Parties (a) irrevocably and unconditionally consents to the exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue of the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and any
appellate court thereof (unless the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction over the matter, in which case the United States District Court for the District of Delaware and any appellate court thereof will have exclusive personal jurisdiction);
(b) agrees that it will not attempt to deny or defeat such personal jurisdiction by motion or other request for leave from any such court; (c) agrees that it will not bring any action relating to this Agreement or otherwise in any court
other than the such courts; and (d) waives any claim of improper venue or any claim that those courts are an inconvenient forum. The Parties agree that mailing of process or other papers in connection with any such action or proceeding in the
manner provided in paragraph 26 or in such other manner as may be permitted by applicable law, will be valid and sufficient service thereof. 

24. Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH OF THE PARTIES, AFTER CONSULTING OR HAVING HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO CONSULT WITH COUNSEL,
KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT THAT SUCH PARTY MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LITIGATION BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY COURSE OF CONDUCT, DEALING, STATEMENTS (WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN), OR ACTIONS
OF ANY OF THEM. No Party will seek to consolidate, by counterclaim or otherwise, any action in which a jury trial has been waived with any other action in which a jury trial cannot be or has not been waived. 

25. Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is solely for the benefit of the Parties and is not enforceable by any other
Person. 

26. Notices. All notices and other communications under this Agreement must be in writing and will be deemed
to have been duly delivered and received (a) four Business Days after being sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid; (b) one Business Day after being sent for next Business Day delivery, fees
prepaid, via a reputable nationwide overnight courier service; (c) immediately upon delivery by hand; or (d) on the date sent by email (except that notice given by email will not be effective unless either (i) a duplicate copy of such
email notice is promptly given by one of the other methods described in this paragraph 26 or (ii) the receiving Party delivers a written confirmation of receipt of such notice either by email or any other method described in this
paragraph 26 (excluding out of office or other automated replies)). The addresses for such communications are as follows. At any time, any Party may, by notice given to the other Parties in accordance with this paragraph 26,
provide updated information for notices pursuant to this Agreement. 

If to Company: 

Blackline, Inc. 

21300 Victory
Boulevard, 12th Floor 

Woodland Hills, California 91367 

Attn: Karole.Morgan-Prager 

Email: 

-11- 

with a copy (which will not constitute notice) to: 

Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati 

Professional Corporation 

650
Page Mill Road 

Palo Alto, CA 94304 

Attn: Sebastian Alsheimer 

Martin W. Korman 

Katherine A. Martin 

Rich Mullen 

Lisa L. Stimmell 

Email: salsheimer@wsgr.com 

mkorman@wsgr.com 

kmartin@wsgr.com 

rmullen@wsgr.com 

lstimmell@wsgr.com 

If to the Scalar Gauge Group: 

Scalar Gauge Management, LLC 

8115 Preston Road, Suite 585 

Dallas, TX 75225 

Attn: Sumit Gautam 

Email: 

with a copy (which
will not constitute notice) to: 

White & Case LLP 

1221 Avenue of the Americas 

New York, NY 10020 

Attn: Richard Brand 

Kiran Kadekar 

Email: richard.brand@whitecase.com 

kiran.kadekar@whitecase.com 

27. Representation by Counsel. Each of the Parties acknowledges that it has been represented by counsel of its choice
throughout all negotiations that have preceded the execution of this Agreement, and that it has executed this Agreement with the advice of such counsel. Each Party and its counsel cooperated and participated in the drafting and preparation of this
Agreement, and any and all drafts of this Agreement exchanged among the Parties will be deemed the work product of all of the Parties and may not be construed against any Party by reason of its drafting or preparation. Accordingly, any rule of law
or any legal decision that would require interpretation of any ambiguities in this Agreement against any Party that drafted or prepared it is of no application and is expressly waived by each of the Parties, and any controversy over interpretations
of this Agreement will be decided without regard to events of drafting or preparation. 

-12- 

28. Counterparts. This Agreement and any amendments to this Agreement
may be executed in one or more textually-identical counterparts, all of which will be considered one and the same agreement and will become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each of the Parties and delivered to the other
Parties, it being understood that all Parties need not sign the same counterpart. Any such counterpart, to the extent delivered by fax or .pdf, .tif, .gif, .jpg or similar attachment to electronic mail or by an electronic signature service (any such
delivery, an Electronic Delivery), will be treated in all manner and respects as an original executed counterpart and will be considered to have the same binding legal effect as if it were the original signed version thereof
delivered in person. No Party may raise the use of an Electronic Delivery to deliver a signature, or the fact that any signature or agreement or instrument was transmitted or communicated through the use of an Electronic Delivery, as a defense to
the formation of a contract, and each Party forever waives any such defense, except to the extent that such defense relates to lack of authenticity. 

29. Headings. The headings set forth in this Agreement are for convenience of reference purposes only and will not affect
or be deemed to affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement or any term or provision of this Agreement. 

30. Board Presentations; Access to Management. The Board shall permit Sumit Gautam to present his ideas for value creation
at the Company at the Boards regularly scheduled May 2025 and November 2025 Board meetings in person. 

[Signature page
follows.] 

-13- 

Very truly yours,

BLACKLINE, INC.

By: /s/ Owen Ryan 

Name: Owen Ryan

Title: Co-Chief Executive Officer and

Chair of the Board

ACCEPTED AND AGREED

as of the date written above:

SCALAR GAUGE FUND, LP

By: Scalar Gauge GP, LP, its general partner

By: Scalar Gauge Management, LLC, its general partner

By: /s/ Sumit Gautam 

Name: Sumit Gautam

Title: Manager

SG SPV IV, LP

By: SG SPV IV GP, LLC, its general partner

By: /s/ Sumit Gautam 

Name: Sumit Gautam

Title: President

SCALAR GAUGE MANAGEMENT, LLC

By: /s/ Sumit Gautam 

Name: Sumit Gautam

Title: Manager

[Signature Page to Letter
Agreement] 

SG SPV IV GP, LLC

By: /s/ Sumit Gautam 

Name: Sumit Gautam

Title: Manager

SGF II, LP

By: Scalar Gauge GP, LP, its general partner

By: Scalar Gauge Management, LLC, its investment manager

By: /s/ Sumit Gautam 

Name: Sumit Gautam

Title: Manager

SCALAR GAUGE GP, LP

By: Scalar Gauge GP, LP, its general partner,

By: /s/ Sumit Gautam 

Name: Sumit Gautam

Title: Manager

SUMIT GAUTAM

/s/ Sumit Gautam 

[Signature Page to Letter
Agreement] 

EXHIBIT A 

Form of Press Release 

[see attached] 

EXHIBIT B 

Aggregate number of shares beneficially owned by the Scalar Gauge Group as of the date of this Agreement: 547,854 

Securities Holdings by Member of the Scalar Gauge Group 

Name 

Class 

Series Number

Scalar Gauge Fund, LP (Scalar Gauge) Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share -- 

183,258 shares of Common Stock owned directly, including 1,000 shares held in record name

SG SPV IV, LP (SG SPV) Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share -- 

20,900 shares of Common Stock owned directly

SGF II, LP (SGF II) Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share -- 

15,000 shares of Common Stock owned directly

Scalar Gauge Management, LLC (Scalar Management) Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share -- 

Scalar Management beneficially owns 547,854 shares of Common Stock (consisting of (i) 183,258 shares of Common Stock owned
directly by Scalar Gauge, (ii) 20,900 shares of Common Stock owned directly by SG SPV, (iii) 15,000 shares of Common Stock owned directly by SGF II and (iv) 327,696 shares of Common Stock held in separately managed accounts (the SMAs) by
virtue of its status as investment manager for each of the foregoing and as general partner of Scalar GP.

SG SPV IV GP, LLC (SG SPV GP) Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share -- 

SG SPV GP beneficially owns the 20,900

shares of Common Stock owned directly by SG SPV by virtue of its status as general partner of SG
SPV.

Scalar Gauge GP, LP (Scalar GP) Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share -- 

Scalar GP beneficially owns 198,258 shares of Common Stock (consisting of (i) 183,258 shares of Common Stock owned directly
Scalar Gauge and (ii) 15,000 shares Common Stock owned directly by SGF II) by virtue of its status as general partner of Scalar Gauge and SGF II.

Sumit Gautam Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share -- 

Mr. Gautam beneficially owns 547,854 shares of Common Stock (consisting of (i) 183,258 shares of Common Stock owned
directly by Scalar Gauge, (ii) 20,900 shares of Common Stock owned directly by SG SPV, (iii) 15,000 shares of Common Stock owned directly by SGF II and (iv) the 327,696 shares of Common Stock held in the SMAs) by virtue of his status as manager
of each of Scalar Management and SG SPV GP.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d938473dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

Press Release 

BlackLine Appoints New Member to Board of Directors in Collaboration with Scalar Gauge Fund 

Company adds independent director as part of mutual cooperation agreement 

LOS ANGELES, CA, March 10, 2025 BlackLine, Inc. (Nasdaq: BL) (BlackLine or the Company) today announced that it
has entered into a cooperation agreement (the agreement) with Scalar Gauge Fund (Scalar Gauge) to appoint a highly qualified and independent member to the Companys Board of Directors (the Board). In
accordance with the agreement with Scalar Gauge, the Company will appoint Scott Davidson, no later than March 14, 2025. He will be a Class I Director with a term expiring at the Companys 2026 Annual Meeting. 

Davidson has over 25 years of strategy, financial management, acquisitions, and sales & marketing experience at software companies. As the former Chief
Operating Officer of Alteryx, he led digital transformation, cloud transition, and M&A strategy. Davidson also brings to the Board a strong understanding of operating SaaS companies in the public markets from his tenure at Hortonworks, where he
served as the Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer. 

Owen Ryan, Chairman of the Board and Co-CEO, commented,
As we execute on our strategy, we recognize the value of continuing to add fresh perspectives to the Board. Our Board already has added five new directors since 2023. The appointment of Scott is an additional step in the ongoing refreshment of
our Board as we continue to focus on accelerating growth and long-term value creation. 

Sumit Gautam, Founder and Portfolio Manager of Scalar Gauge, added,
We are looking forward to the work Scott and Blacklines Board will do to drive shareholder value creation. Over the past few years, the Company has built a strong foundation and is now solidifying its
go-forward priorities. We believe that adding Scott to the Board of Directors will contribute further to BlackLines strategic position and assist in the creation of value for all BlackLine
stockholders. 

As part of the agreement, Scalar Gauge has agreed to customary standstill provisions and voting commitments during the term of the agreement.
The complete agreement will be filed by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission as an exhibit to a Current Report on Form 8-K.

About Scott Davidson 

Davidson has over 25 years of strategy, financial
management, acquisitions, and sales & marketing experience at software companies. Previously, he was the Chief Operating Officer at Alteryx and led the companys digital transformation of core technologies, cloud transition, and
successful M&A strategy. Prior to this, Davidson served as the Chief Financial Officer at Hortonworks, a public open-source data platform company, leading the Company through its successful IPO in 2014 and beyond. As CFO and as Chief Operating
Officer, he oversaw Finance, HR, IT, Corporate Development, Sales, Marketing, and Professional Services. In 2018, he helped lead Hortonworks $5.2 billion merger with Cloudera. Prior to Hortonworks, Davidson was the CFO of Quest Software,
where he drove over 30 separate acquisitions, and held strategic financial roles at Citrix Systems, guiding it through robust revenue growth. Davidson earned an M.B.A. from the University of Miami. 

About BlackLine 

BlackLine (Nasdaq: BL), the future-ready platform for the
Office of the CFO, drives digital finance transformation by empowering organizations with accurate, efficient, and intelligent financial operations. 

BlackLines comprehensive platform addresses mission-critical processes, including
record-to-report and invoice-to-cash, enabling unified and accurate data, streamlined and
optimized processes, and real-time insight through visibility, automation, and AI. BlackLines proven, collaborative approach ensures 

continuous transformation, delivering immediate impact and sustained value. With a proven track record of innovation, industry-leading R&D investment, and world-class security practices, more
than 4,400 customers across multiple industries partner with BlackLine to lead their organizations into the future. 

For more information, please visit blackline.com. 

About Scalar Gauge 

Scalar Gauge is a special situations investment firm utilizing a private equity approach in public markets. The fund invests with a long-term view, and often works with
management teams, boards and other strategic investors to help create shareholder value. For more information, please visit www.scalargauge.com.

Forward-Looking Statements 

This release contains
forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, will, should,
could, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, predict, intend, potential, would, continue, ongoing or the
negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. Forward-looking statements in this release include, but are not limited to, statements regarding BlackLines future financial and operational performance, . 

Any forward-looking statements contained in this press release are based upon BlackLines historical performance and its current plans, estimates
and expectations and are not a representation that such plans, estimates, or expectations will be achieved. Forward-looking statements are based on information available at the time those statements are made and/or managements good faith
beliefs and assumptions as of that time with respect to future events,and are subject to risks and uncertainties. If any of these risks or uncertainties materialize or if any assumptions prove incorrect, actual performance or results may differ
materially from those expressed in or suggested by the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to risks related to the Companys ability to attract new customers and expand sales to existing
customers; the extent to which customers renew their subscription agreements or increase the number of users; the impact of current and future economic uncertainty and other unfavorable conditions in the Companys industry or the global
economy, the Companys ability to manage growth and scale effectively, including entry into new geographies; the Companys ability to provide successful enhancements, new features and modifications to its software solutions; the
Companys ability to develop new products and software solutions and the success of any new product and service introductions; the Companys ability to effectively incorporate artificial intelligence and machine learning technologies
(AI/ML) into its platform and business and the potential reputational harm or legal liability that may result from the use of AI/ML solutions and features; the success of the Companys strategic relationships with technology vendors and
business process outsourcers, channel partners and alliance partners; any breaches of the Companys security measures; a disruption in the Companys hosting network infrastructure; costs and reputational harm that could result from defects
in the Companys solution; the loss of any key employees; continued strong demand for the Companys software in the United States, Europe, Asia Pacific, and Latin America; the Companys ability to compete as the
financial close management provider for organizations of all sizes; the timing and success of solutions offered by competitors; including competitors ability to incorporate AI/ML into products and offerings more quickly or successfully;
changes in the proportion of the Companys customer base that is comprised of enterprise or mid-sized organizations; the Companys ability to expand and effectively manage its sales teams and their
performance and productivity; fluctuations in our financial results due to long and increasingly variable sales cycles, failure to protect the Companys intellectual property; the Companys ability to integrate acquired businesses and
technologies successfully or achieve the expected benefits of such transactions; unpredictable and uncertain macro and regional economic conditions; seasonality; changes in current tax or accounting rules; cyber attacks and the risk that the
Companys security measures 

may not be sufficient to secure its customer or confidential data adequately; acts of terrorism or other vandalism, war or natural disasters including the effects of climate change; the impact of
any determination of deficiencies or weaknesses in our internal controls and processes; and other risks and uncertainties described in the other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission from time to time, including the
risks described under the heading Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on February 21, 2025. Additional information will also be set forth in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2025. Forward-looking statements should not be
read as a guarantee of future performance or results, and you should not place undue reliance on such statements. Except as required by law, we do not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a
result of new information, future developments or otherwise. All of the information in this press release is subject to completion of our quarterly review process. 

Investor Relations Contact: 

Matt Humphries, CFA 

matt.humphries@blackline.com

Media Contact: 

Samantha Darilek 

samantha.darilek@blackline.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>bl-20250309.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>bl-20250309_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>bl-20250309_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 09, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001666134

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 09, 2025

Entity Registrant Name BLACKLINE, INC.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-37924

Entity Tax Identification Number 46-3354276

Entity Address, Address Line One 21300 Victory Boulevard

Entity Address, Address Line Two 12th Floor

Entity Address, City or Town Woodland Hills

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 91367

City Area Code (818)

Local Phone Number 223-9008

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, $0.01, par value

Trading Symbol BL

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://imetrix.edgar-online.com//20250309/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

bl-20250309.xsd 
bl-20250309_lab.xml 
bl-20250309_pre.xml 
d938473d8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-050422-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>d938473d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001666134 

2025-03-09 
2025-03-09 

false 
0001666134 
8-K 
2025-03-09 
BLACKLINE, INC. 
DE 
001-37924 
46-3354276 
21300 Victory Boulevard 
12th Floor 
Woodland Hills 
CA 
91367 
(818) 
223-9008 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.01, par value 
BL 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>