<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-060219.txt : 20250321
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-060219.hdr.sgml : 20250321
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250321160659
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-060219
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250320
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250321
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250321

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FEDERAL REALTY INVESTMENT TRUST
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000034903
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				520782497
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-07533
		FILM NUMBER:		25760518

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		909 ROSE AVENUE, SUITE 200
		CITY:			NORTH BETHESDA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20852
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3019988100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		909 ROSE AVENUE, SUITE 200
		CITY:			NORTH BETHESDA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20852

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Federal Realty OP LP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001901876
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				520782497
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-262016-01
		FILM NUMBER:		25760519

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		909 ROSE AVE., SUITE 200
		CITY:			NORTH BETHESDA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20852
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(301) 998-8313

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		909 ROSE AVE., SUITE 200
		CITY:			NORTH BETHESDA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20852
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d910432d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

00019018760000034903falsefalse00000349032025-03-202025-03-200000034903frt:FederalRealtyOPLPMember2025-03-202025-03-200000034903frt:CommonSharesOfBeneficialInterestMember2025-03-202025-03-200000034903frt:DepositorySharesMember2025-03-202025-03-20

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

8-K

CURRENT REPORT 

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) 

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) March 20, 2025

Federal Realty Investment Trust

Federal Realty OP LP

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Federal Realty Investment Trust 

Maryland 

1-07533 

87-3916363

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

Federal Realty OP LP 

Delaware 

333-262016-01 

52-0782497

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

909 Rose Avenue, Suite 200,

North Bethesda, Maryland 

20852-4041

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number including area code: 

301/998-8100

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 

8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below): 

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) 

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 

14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 

240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 

14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 

240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 

13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 

240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Federal Realty Investment Trust 

Title of Each Class 

Trading

Symbol 

Name of Each Exchange

On Which Registered

Common Shares of Beneficial Interest $.01 par value per share, with associated Common Share Purchase Rights FRT New York Stock Exchange

Depositary Shares, each representing 1/1000 of a share of 5.00% Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, $.01 par value per share 

FRT-C New York Stock Exchange

Federal Realty OP LP 

Title of Each Class 

Trading

Symbol 

Name of Each Exchange

On Which Registered

None N/A N/A

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 or Rule 

12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

Federal Realty Investment Trust 

Federal Realty OP LP 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by checkmark if the registrant has elected not use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. 

Entry into Material Definitive Agreement. 

Amendment and Restatement of Term Loan Agreement 

On March 20, 2025, Federal Realty OP LP (the Partnership), together with its wholly-owned subsidiary, FRIT San Jose Town and Country Village, LLC (FRIT San Jose and, together with the Partnership, collectively the Borrowers), entered into an Amended and Restated Term Loan Agreement (the New Agreement), by and among the Partnership and FRIT San Jose, as Borrowers, the financial institutions party thereto and their permitted assignees, as Lenders, PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, and the other parties thereto. 

The New Agreement replaces that certain Term Loan Agreement, dated as of May 6, 2020 (as amended, the Prior Agreement), by and among the Partnership, as Borrower, and the financial institutions party thereto. Under the Prior Agreement, the Partnership had an outstanding unsecured term loan with a balance of $600 million and a maturity date of April 16, 2025 (the Existing Term Loan). 

Beginning on March 20, 2025, the New Agreement will govern the Existing Term Loan. In addition to the Existing Term Loan, the New Agreement allows the Borrowers to borrow up to an additional $150 million in the form of one or more unsecured term loans until December 20, 2025. Under an accordion feature, the Borrowers also have the right to request additional loans, subject to an aggregate maximum of $1.0 billion borrowed under the New Agreement. All indebtedness under the New Agreement, including the Existing Term Loan and any additional unsecured term loans, will mature on March 20, 2028, subject to two twelve-month extensions at the option of the Borrowers. 

Generally, loans under the New Agreement bear interest, at the option of the Borrowers, at a rate based on (i) SOFR, plus 0.10%, or (ii) a Base Rate (as defined therein), in each case plus an applicable margin that depends on the Partnerships credit rating. The applicable margins for SOFR loans under the New Agreement range from 75 basis points to 160 basis points, and the applicable margins for Base Rate loans under the New Agreement range from 0 basis points to 60 basis points. As of March 20, 2025, the applicable margin for SOFR loans, including the Existing Term Loan, is 85 basis points. 

The New Agreement contains customary restrictions on the Borrowers businesses, financial maintenance covenants, and events of default, including a cross default to the Borrowers other material indebtedness, all of which are similar to the terms of the Prior Agreement. 

The foregoing does not constitute a complete summary of the terms and conditions of the New Agreement, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1. The description contained herein of the terms of the New Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the New Agreement. 

Affiliates of certain lenders under the New Agreement have served, and may serve in the future, as underwriters in connection with public offerings of equity and debt securities by Federal Realty Investment Trust (the Parent Company) and/or the Partnership, including serving as agent and/or principal pursuant to an equity distribution agreement in connection with the Parent Companys at the market equity offering program. In addition, affiliates of certain lenders under the New Agreement have provided from time to time, and may provide in the future, investment and commercial banking and financial advisory services to the Parent Company, the Partnership or their affiliates in the ordinary course of business for which they have received and may continue to receive customary fees and commissions. 

Item 1.02. 

Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement. 

The disclosure required by this Item 1.02 is included in Item 1.01 and incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 2.03. 

Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under 

an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. 

The disclosure required by this Item 2.03 is included in Item 1.01 and incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits 

10.1 Amended and Restated Term Loan Agreement, dated as of March 20, 2025, by and among the Partnership, FRIT San Jose, the financial institutions party thereto, as Lenders, PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, and the other parties thereto. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (the Cover Page Interactive Data File is embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrants have duly caused this report to be signed on their behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

FEDERAL REALTY INVESTMENT TRUST

FEDERAL REALTY OP LP

Date: March 21, 2025 

/s/ Dawn M. Becker

Dawn M. Becker

Executive Vice President-Chief Legal Officer and Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d910432dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

Execution Version

Published CUSIP Number: 3137LEAH6 

AMENDED AND RESTATED TERM LOAN
AGREEMENT 

Dated as of March 20, 2025 

by and among 

FEDERAL REALTY OP
LP, 

and 

FRIT SAN JOSE TOWN
AND COUNTRY VILLAGE, LLC 

collectively, as Borrower, 

THE FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS PARTY HERETO 

AND THEIR PERMITTED ASSIGNEES UNDER SECTION 12.6., 

as Lenders, 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION, 

as Administrative Agent, 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 

REGIONS BANK, 

TD BANK, N.A., 

TRUIST BANK, 

and 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 

as Co-Syndication Agents, 

and 

PNC CAPITAL MARKETS LLC,

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 

REGIONS CAPITAL MARKETS, 

TD
SECURITIES (USA) LLC, 

TRUIST SECURITIES, INC., 

and 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION, 

as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Book Managers 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Article I. Definitions 1 

Section 1.1. Definitions 1 

Section 1.2. General; References to Eastern Time 33 

Section 1.3. Financial Attributes of Non-Wholly Owned Subsidiaries and Calculation of Financial Covenants in Certain Circumstances 34 

Section 1.4. Rates 35 

Section 1.5. Divisions 35 

Article II. Credit Facility 35 

Section 2.1. FRIT San Jose Joinder 35 

Section 2.2. Loans 36 

Section 2.3. [Intentionally Omitted] 38 

Section 2.4. [Intentionally Omitted] 38 

Section 2.5. Rates and Payment of Interest on Loans 38 

Section 2.6. Number of Interest Periods 39 

Section 2.7. Repayment of Loans 39 

Section 2.8. Optional Prepayments 39 

Section 2.9. Continuation 40 

Section 2.10. Conversion 40 

Section 2.11. Notes 41 

Section 2.12. Voluntary Reductions of the Commitments 41 

Section 2.13. Extension of Maturity Date 41 

Section 2.14. Additional Term Loans 42 

Section 2.15. Joint and Several Liability 43 

Section 2.16. Borrower Representative 44 

Section 2.17. Funds Transfer Disbursements 44 

Article III. Payments, Fees and Other General Provisions 44 

Section 3.1. Payments 44 

Section 3.2. Pro Rata Treatment 45 

Section 3.3. Sharing of Payments, Etc. 45 

Section 3.4. Several Obligations 46 

Section 3.5. Fees 46 

Section 3.6. Computations 46 

Section 3.7. Usury 47 

Section 3.8. Statements of Account 47 

Section 3.9. Defaulting Lenders 47 

Section 3.10. Taxes; Foreign Lenders 48 

Article IV. Yield Protection, Etc. 52 

Section 4.1. Additional Costs; Capital Adequacy 52 

Section 4.2. Inability to Determine Interest Rates; Alternative Rate of Interest 53 

Section 4.3. Illegality 55 

Section 4.4. Compensation 56 

Section 4.5. Treatment of Affected Loans 56 

Section 4.6. Affected Lenders 57 

Section 4.7. Change of Lending Office 57 

Section 4.8. Assumptions Concerning Funding of SOFR Loans 57 

- i - 

Article V. Conditions Precedent 58 

Section 5.1. Initial Conditions Precedent 58 

Section 5.2. Conditions Precedent to All Loans 60 

Article VI. Representations and Warranties 60 

Section 6.1. Representations and Warranties 60 

Section 6.2. Survival of Representations and Warranties, Etc. 67 

Article VII. Affirmative Covenants 67 

Section 7.1. Preservation of Existence and Similar Matters 67 

Section 7.2. Compliance with Applicable Law and Material Contracts 67 

Section 7.3. Maintenance of Property 67 

Section 7.4. Conduct of Business 68 

Section 7.5. Insurance 68 

Section 7.6. Payment of Taxes and Claims 68 

Section 7.7. Books and Records; Inspections 68 

Section 7.8. Use of Proceeds 69 

Section 7.9. Environmental Matters 69 

Section 7.10. Further Assurances 69 

Section 7.11. Compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws; Beneficial Ownership Regulation, Anti-Money Laundering Laws and Sanctions 69 

Section 7.12. REIT Status 70 

Section 7.13. Exchange Listing 70 

Section 7.14. Guarantors 70 

Article VIII. Information 71 

Section 8.1. Quarterly Financial Statements 71 

Section 8.2. Year-End Statements 71 

Section 8.3. Compliance Certificate 71 

Section 8.4. Other Information 72 

Section 8.5. Electronic Delivery of Certain Information 74 

Section 8.6. Public/Private Information 75 

Section 8.7. USA Patriot Act Notice; Compliance 75 

Article IX. Negative Covenants 75 

Section 9.1. Financial Covenants 75 

Section 9.2. [Intentionally Omitted] 77 

Section 9.3. Liens; Negative Pledges 77 

Section 9.4. Restrictions on Intercompany Transfers 77 

Section 9.5. Merger, Consolidation, Sales of Assets and Other Arrangements 77 

Section 9.6. Plans 78 

Section 9.7. Fiscal Year 79 

Section 9.8. Modifications of Organizational Documents 79 

Section 9.9. Transactions with Affiliates 79 

Section 9.10. Environmental Matters 79 

Section 9.11. Non-Controlled Properties 79 

Section 9.12. Derivatives Contracts 79 

Section 9.13. Use of Proceeds 80 

Section 9.14. Parent and General Partner 80 

- ii - 

Article X. Default 81 

Section 10.1. Events of Default 81 

Section 10.2. Remedies Upon Event of Default 84 

Section 10.3. Remedies Upon Default 85 

Section 10.4. Marshaling; Payments Set Aside 86 

Section 10.5. Allocation of Proceeds 86 

Section 10.6. [Intentionally Omitted] 86 

Section 10.7. Rescission of Acceleration by Requisite Lenders 86 

Section 10.8. Performance by Administrative Agent 87 

Section 10.9. Rights Cumulative 87 

Article XI. The Administrative Agent 88 

Section 11.1. Appointment and Authorization 88 

Section 11.2. PNC Bank as Lender 88 

Section 11.3. Approvals of Lenders 89 

Section 11.4. Notice of Events of Default 89 

Section 11.5. Administrative Agents Reliance 89 

Section 11.6. Indemnification of Administrative Agent 90 

Section 11.7. Lender Credit Decision, Etc. 91 

Section 11.8. Successor Administrative Agent 91 

Section 11.9. Titled Agents 92 

Section 11.10. Erroneous Payments 92 

Article XII. Miscellaneous 94 

Section 12.1. Notices 94 

Section 12.2. Expenses 96 

Section 12.3. Stamp, Intangible and Recording Taxes 97 

Section 12.4. Setoff 97 

Section 12.5. Litigation; Jurisdiction; Other Matters; Waivers 97 

Section 12.6. Successors and Assigns 100 

Section 12.7. Amendments and Waivers 103 

Section 12.8. Nonliability of Administrative Agent and Lenders 105 

Section 12.9. Confidentiality 105 

Section 12.10. Indemnification 106 

Section 12.11. Termination; Survival 108 

Section 12.12. Severability of Provisions 108 

Section 12.13. GOVERNING LAW 109 

Section 12.14. Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness 109 

Section 12.15. Obligations with Respect to Loan Parties 109 

Section 12.16. Independence of Covenants 109 

Section 12.17. Limitation of Liability 109 

Section 12.18. Entire Agreement 110 

Section 12.19. Construction 110 

Section 12.20. Headings 110 

Section 12.21. Limitation of Liability of Trustees, Etc. 110 

Section 12.22. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions 110 

Section 12.23. Electronic Signatures 111 

Section 12.24. Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 111 

Section 12.25. Release of FRIT San Jose as a Borrower 112 

Section 12.26. Effect of Amendment and Restatement 112 

- iii - 

SCHEDULE I Commitments and Loans

SCHEDULE 1.1.(a) List of Loan Parties

SCHEDULE 6.1.(b) Ownership Structure

SCHEDULE 6.1.(f) Properties

SCHEDULE 6.1.(g) Indebtedness and Guaranties

SCHEDULE 6.1.(i) Litigation

SCHEDULE 6.1.(z) Unencumbered Assets

EXHIBIT A Form of Assignment and Assumption Agreement

EXHIBIT B Form of Guaranty

EXHIBIT C Form of Notice of Borrowing

EXHIBIT D Form of Notice of Continuation

EXHIBIT E Form of Notice of Conversion

EXHIBIT F-1 Form of Term A Loan Note

EXHIBIT F-2 Form of Term B Loan Note

EXHIBIT G Form of Disbursement Instruction Agreement

EXHIBIT H Form of Opinion of Counsel

EXHIBIT I Form of Compliance Certificate

EXHIBIT J-1 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificates

EXHIBIT J-2 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificates

EXHIBIT J-3 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificates

EXHIBIT J-4 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificates

EXHIBIT K Form of Certificate of Beneficial Ownership

EXHIBIT L Form of Parent/General Partner Guaranty

- iv - 

THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED TERM LOAN AGREEMENT (this Agreement) dated as
of March 20, 2025, by and among FEDERAL REALTY OP LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Borrower Representative), FRIT SAN JOSE TOWN AND COUNTRY VILLAGE, LLC, a California limited liability company (FRIT San
Jose and, collectively with the Borrower Representative, the Borrower or, each, a Borrower as the case may be), each of the financial institutions initially a signatory hereto together with their
successors and permitted assignees under Section 12.6. (the Lenders), PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Administrative Agent (together with its successors and permitted assigns, the Administrative Agent),
each of JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., REGIONS BANK, TD BANK, N.A., TRUIST BANK and U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Co-Syndication Agents (the Co-Syndication Agents) and each of PNC CAPITAL
MARKETS LLC, JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., REGIONS CAPITAL MARKETS, TD SECURITIES (USA) LLC, TRUIST SECURITIES, INC. and U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Book Managers (in such capacities, the
Arrangers). 

WHEREAS, certain of the Lenders and other financial institutions (who were Lenders under the
Existing Credit Agreement (as defined below)) made available to Borrower Representative a term loan facility in the aggregate amount of $600,000,000, on the terms and conditions contained in that certain Term Loan Agreement dated as of May 6,
2020 (as amended and in effect immediately prior to the date hereof, the Existing Credit Agreement) by and among the Borrower Representative, such Lenders, certain other financial institutions (who were Lenders under
the Existing Credit Agreement), the Administrative Agent and the other parties thereto; and 

WHEREAS, the Administrative Agent, the
Lenders and the Borrower desire to amend and restate the terms of the Existing Credit Agreement to add FRIT San Jose as a borrower hereunder, make available to the Borrower a delayed draw term loan facility in the amount of $150,000,000, extend the
maturity date of the existing term loans and make such other amendments as set forth herein; and 

NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged by the parties hereto, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

ARTICLE I. DEFINITIONS

Section 1.1. Definitions. 

In
addition to terms defined elsewhere herein, the following terms shall have the following meanings for the purposes of this Agreement: 

Accession Agreement means an Accession Agreement substantially in the form of Annex I to the Guaranty. 

Additional Costs has the meaning given that term in Section 4.1.(b). 

Additional Loan has the meaning given that term in Section 2.14. 

Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day (a Simple SOFR Rate Day), a rate per annum equal to the
greater of (a) the sum of (i) SOFR for the day (such day, a Simple SOFR Determination Day) that is five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to (A) if such Simple SOFR Rate Day is a U.S.
Government Securities Business Day, such Simple SOFR Rate Day or (B) if such Simple SOFR Rate Day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding such Simple SOFR Rate Day, in
each case, as such SOFR is published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrators Website; provided that if by 5:00 p.m. on the 

1 

second (2nd) U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately following any Simple SOFR Determination Day, SOFR in respect of such Simple
SOFR Determination Day has not been published on the SOFR Administrators Website and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR has not occurred, then SOFR for such Simple SOFR Determination Day will be SOFR as
published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such SOFR was published on the SOFR Administrators Website; providedfurther that SOFR as determined pursuant to this proviso shall be
utilized for purposes of calculation of Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR for no more than three (3) consecutive Simple SOFR Rate Days and (ii) the Simple SOFR Adjustment and (b) the Floor. Any change in Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR due to a
change in SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SOFR without notice to the Borrower. 

Adjusted EBITDA means, for any given period, (a) the EBITDA of the Borrower Representative and its Subsidiaries
determined on a consolidated basis for such period (including the Borrower Representatives Ownership Share of EBITDA of its Unconsolidated Affiliates as set forth in clause (b) of the definition of EBITDA), minus (b) Capital
Reserves. 

Adjusted Term SOFR means, for purposes of any calculation, the rate per annum equal to (a) Term SOFR
for such calculation plus (b) the Term SOFR Adjustment; provided that if Adjusted Term SOFR as so determined shall ever be less than the Floor, then Adjusted Term SOFR shall be deemed to be the Floor. 

Adjusted Total Asset Valuemeans Total Asset Value determined exclusive of assets that are owned by Excluded
Subsidiaries and Unconsolidated Affiliates. 

Administrative Agent means PNC Bank, National Association as contractual
representative of the Lenders under this Agreement, or any successor Administrative Agent appointed pursuant to Section 11.8. 

Administrative Questionnaire means the Administrative Questionnaire completed by each Lender and delivered to the
Administrative Agent in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders from time to time. 

Affected Financial
Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 

Affiliate
means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. In no event shall the Administrative
Agent or any Lender be deemed to be an Affiliate of the Borrower. 

Agreement Date means the date as of which this
Agreement is dated. 

Anti-Corruption Laws means all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the
Parent, the General Partner, the Borrower or their respective Subsidiaries from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption, including, without limitation, the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 and the rules and
regulations thereunder and the U.K. Bribery Act 2010 and the rules and regulations thereunder. 

Anti-Money Laundering
Laws means any and all laws, statutes, regulations or obligatory government orders, decrees, ordinances or rules applicable to a Loan Party, its Subsidiaries or Affiliates related to terrorism financing or money laundering, including any
applicable provision of the PATRIOT Act and The Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act (also known as the Bank Secrecy Act, 31 U.S.C. 5311-5330 and 12U.S.C. 1818(s), 1820(b) and 1951-1959). 

2 

Applicable Law means all applicable provisions of international, foreign,
federal, state and local statutes, treaties, rules, guidelines, regulations, ordinances, codes, executive orders, and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation, implementation or administration thereof by any
Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative orders, directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental
Authority. 

Applicable Margin means the percentage rate set forth in the table below corresponding to the level (each a
Level) into which the Borrower Representatives Credit Rating then falls. As of the Agreement Date, the Applicable Margin is determined based on Level 3. Any change in the Borrower Representatives Credit Rating
which would cause it to move to a different Level shall be effective as of the first Business Day of the first calendar month immediately following receipt by the Administrative Agent of written notice delivered by the Borrower in accordance with
Section 8.4.(n) that the Borrower Representatives Credit Rating has changed; provided, however, if the Borrower has not delivered the notice required by such Section but the Administrative Agent becomes aware that the Borrower
Representatives Credit Rating has changed, then the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, adjust the Level by written notice to the Borrower Representative (provided, however, that the Administrative Agents failure to give
such notice shall not change the effectiveness of the adjustment of the Level) effective as of the first Business Day of the first calendar month following the date the Administrative Agent becomes aware that the Borrower Representatives
Credit Rating has changed. During any period that the Borrower Representative has received two Credit Ratings that are not equivalent, the Applicable Margin shall be determined based on the Level corresponding to the higher of such two Credit
Ratings unless the difference in the Credit Ratings is greater than one ratings level, in which case the Applicable Margin shall be determined by reference to the ratings level immediately below the higher of the two Credit Ratings. During any
period for which the Borrower Representative has received a Credit Rating from only one Rating Agency, then the Applicable Margin shall be determined based on such Credit Rating. During any period that the Borrower Representative has not received a
Credit Rating from any Rating Agency, the Applicable Margin shall be determined based on Level 6. The provisions of this definition shall be subject to Section 2.5.(c). 

Level 

Borrower Representatives Credit

Rating (S&P/Moodys or equivalent) Applicable Margin for

all SOFR Loans Applicable Margin for all

Base Rate Loans 

1 A/A2 (or equivalent) or better 0.750 % 0.000 % 

2 A-/A3 (or equivalent) 0.800 % 0.000 % 

3 BBB+/Baa1 (or equivalent) 0.850 % 0.000 % 

4 BBB/Baa2 (or equivalent) 0.950 % 0.000 % 

5 BBB-/Baa3 (or equivalent) 1.200 % 0.200 % 

6 Lower than BBB-/Baa3 (or equivalent) 1.600 % 0.600 % 

Approved Fund means any Fund that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender,
(b) an Affiliate of a Lender, or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of any entity that administers or manages a Lender. 

Arranger has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph hereof and shall include each Arrangers successors
and permitted assigns. 

Assignment and Assumption means an Assignment and Assumption Agreement among a Lender, an
Eligible Assignee and the Administrative Agent, substantially in the form of Exhibit A. 

3 

Availability Period means the period from and including the Closing Date
to but excluding the Availability Termination Date. 

Availability Termination Date means the first to occur of
(a) December 20, 2025 and (b) the date on which the Commitments are terminated or reduced to zero in accordance herewith. 

Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to any then-current Benchmark, as applicable,
(a) if such Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period pursuant to this Agreement or (b) otherwise, any payment period for interest
calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark, in each case, as of such date and not including, for
the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to Section 4.2.(b)(iv). 

Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the
applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 

Bail-In Legislation means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country
implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the
United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their Affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 

Bankruptcy Code means the Bankruptcy Code of 1978, as amended. 

Base Rate means, at any time, the highest of (a) the Prime Rate, (b) the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.50% and
(c) Adjusted Term SOFR for a one-month tenor in effect on such day plus 1.00%; each change in the Base Rate shall take effect simultaneously with the corresponding change or changes in the Prime Rate, the
Federal Funds Rate or Adjusted Term SOFR, as applicable (provided that clause (c) shall not be applicable during any period in which Adjusted Term SOFR is unavailable or unascertainable). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the
Base Rate be less than 1.00%. 

Base Rate Loan means any portion of a Loan bearing interest at a rate based on the Base
Rate. 

Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning given that term in the definition of the term Term
SOFR. 

Benchmark means, initially, Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR or Adjusted Term SOFR, as applicable;
provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with respect to Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR or Adjusted Term SOFR, as applicable, or the applicable then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark
Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to Section 4.2.(b)(i). 

Benchmark Replacement means, with respect to any Benchmark Transition Event for any then-current Benchmark, the sum of:
(a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower as the replacement for such Benchmark giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or
the mechanism for determining 

4 

such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate of interest as a replacement to such then-current
Benchmark for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; provided that, if such Benchmark Replacement as so determined would be less than the Floor, such Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to
be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means,
with respect to any replacement of any then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Available Tenor (if applicable), the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which
may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining
such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment,
or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time. 

Benchmark Replacement Date means the earlier to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark:

(a) 

in the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of
(i) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely
ceases to provide all Available Tenors (if applicable) of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 

(b) 

in the case of clause (c) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on
which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be
non-representative;provided, that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such
clause (c) and even if any Available Tenor (if applicable) of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. 

For the avoidance of doubt, if the applicable then-current Benchmark has any Available Tenors, the Benchmark Replacement Date will
be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (a) or (b) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the
published component used in the calculation thereof). 

Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more
of the following events with respect to any then-current Benchmark: 

(a) 

a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the
published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors (if applicable) of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely;
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor (if applicable) of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); 

5 

(b) 

a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such
Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the FRB, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority
with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), which states that the
administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors (if applicable)of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor (if applicable) of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 

(c) 

a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such
Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors (if applicable) of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are not, or as of a specified future date will not be, representative.

For the avoidance of doubt, if the applicable then-current Benchmark has any Available Tenors, a Benchmark Transition Event
will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in
the calculation thereof). 

Benchmark Transition Start Date means, in the case of a Benchmark Transition Event, the
earlier of (a) the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and (b) if such Benchmark Transition Event is a public statement or publication of information of a prospective event, the 90th day prior to the expected date of such event as of
such public statement or publication of information (or if the expected date of such prospective event is fewer than 90 days after such statement or publication, the date of such statement or publication). 

Benchmark Unavailability Period means, with respect to any then-current Benchmark, the period (if any) (x) beginning
at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to such Benchmark has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with
Section 4.2.(b) and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 4.2.(b).

Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certificate in substantially the form of Exhibit K (as amended or modified
by the Administrative Agent from time to time in its sole discretion), certifying, among other things, the beneficial ownership as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 

Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 CFR 1010.230. 

Benefit Arrangement means at any time an employee benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA which is
not a Plan or a Multiemployer Plan and which is maintained or otherwise contributed to by any member of the ERISA Group. 

BHC Act
Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 

6 

Borrower has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph hereof
and shall include the Borrowers respective successors and permitted assigns. 

Borrower Information has the
meaning given that term in Section 2.5.(c). 

Borrower Representative has the meaning set forth in the introductory
paragraph hereof and shall include the Borrower Representatives successors and permitted assigns. 

Business Day
means any day that (a) is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is closed and (b) is not a day on which commercial banks in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania are closed. 

Capital Reserves means, for any period and with respect to any: (i) portion of a Property developed with improvements
utilized for the retail sale of goods or services, office space or other use (other than residential apartments and Hotel Properties), an amount equal to (a) $0.15 per square foot times, (b) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of
days in such period and the denominator of which is 365; provided, however, no capital reserves shall be required with respect to any portion of any such Property which is leased under a ground lease to a third party that owns the improvements on
such portion of such Property; (ii) Multifamily Property or any portion of a Property developed with improvements utilized as residential apartments (other than Properties having less than 20 residential units), an amount equal to (a) $200 per
apartment unit in such Multifamily Property times, (b) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days in such period and the denominator of which is 365 or (iii) Hotel Property an amount equal to the greater of
(a) 4.0% of total gross revenues for such Property for such period and (b) the aggregate amount of reserves in respect to furniture, fixtures and equipment required under any Property Management Agreement or Franchise Agreement applicable
to such Property for such period. If the term Capital Reserves is used without reference to any specific Property, then the amount shall be determined on an aggregate basis with respect to all Office Properties, Retail Properties, Multifamily
Properties and Hotel Properties of the Borrower Representative and its Subsidiaries and a proportionate share of all Office Properties, Retail Properties, Multifamily Properties and Hotel Properties of all Unconsolidated Affiliates. 

Capitalization Rate means 6.00% for all Properties. 

Capitalized Lease Obligation means obligations under a lease that are required to be capitalized for financial reporting
purposes in accordance with GAAP (subject to the provisions of Section 1.2. hereof). The amount of a Capitalized Lease Obligation is the capitalized amount of such obligation as would be required to be reflected on a balance sheet of the
applicable Person prepared in accordance with GAAP as of the applicable date. 

Cash Equivalents means:
(a) securities issued, guaranteed or insured by the United States of America or any of its agencies with maturities of not more than one year from the date acquired; (b) certificates of deposit with maturities of not more than one year
from the date acquired issued by a United States federal or state chartered commercial bank of recognized standing, or a commercial bank organized under the laws of any other country which is a member of the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and
Development, or a political subdivision of any such country, acting through a branch or agency, which bank has capital and unimpaired surplus in excess of $500,000,000 and which bank or its holding company has a
short-term commercial paper rating of at least A-2 or the equivalent by S&P or at least P-2 or the equivalent by
Moodys; (c) reverse repurchase agreements with terms of not more than seven days from the date acquired, for securities of the type described in clause (a) above and entered into only with commercial banks having the qualifications
described in clause (b) above; (d) commercial paper issued by any Person incorporated under the laws of the United States of America or any State thereof and rated at least A-2 or the equivalent
thereof by S&P or at least P-2 or the equivalent thereof by Moodys, in each case with maturities of not more than one year from the date acquired; and (e) investments in money market funds
registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, which have net assets of at least $500,000,000 and at least 85% of whose assets consist of securities and other obligations of the type described in clauses (a) through
(d) above. 

7 

Class (a) when used with respect to a Loan, refers to whether such Loan
is a Term A Loan or a Term B Loan and (b) when used with respect to a Lender, refers whether to such Lender is a Term A Loan Lender or Term B Loan Lender. 

Commitment means, as to a Term B Loan Lender, such Term B Loan Lenders obligation to make Term B Loans pursuant to
Section 2.2(c), in an amount up to, but not exceeding, the amount set forth for such Lender on Schedule I as such Lenders Term B Loan Amount or as set forth in any applicable Assignment and Assumption, as the same may
be reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 2.12. or increased or reduced as appropriate to reflect any assignments to or by such Lender effected in accordance with Section 12.6. The aggregate amount of Commitments as of the Effective
Date is $150,000,000. 

Commitment Percentage means, with respect to a Term B Loan Lender, the ratio, expressed as a
percentage, of (a) the amount of such Term B Loan Lenders Commitment to (b) the aggregate amount of the Commitments of all Term B Loan Lenders; provided, however, that if at the time of determination the Commitments have been
terminated or been reduced to zero, the Commitment Percentage of each Lender shall be the Commitment Percentage of such Lender in effect immediately prior to such termination or reduction. 

Commodity Exchange Act means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), as amended from time to time, and any
successor statute. 

Compliance Certificate has the meaning given that term in Section 8.3. 

Conforming Changes means, with respect to either the use or administration of an initial Benchmark or the use,
administration, adoption or implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition
of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of Interest Period or any similar or analogous definition (or the addition of a concept of interest period), timing and frequency of determining rates and
making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of Section 4.4 and other technical,
administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of any such rate or to permit the use and administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner
substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the
administration of any such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 

Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or
that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 

Continue, Continuation and
Continued each refers to the continuation of a SOFR Loan from one Interest Period to another Interest Period pursuant to Section 2.9. 

8 

Construction-in-Processmeans cash
expenditures for land and improvements (including indirect costs internally allocated and development costs) in accordance with GAAP on all Development Properties. 

Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or
policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. 

Controlled Property means a Property which is an Eligible Property that is owned in fee simple (or leased under a Ground
Lease) by a Subsidiary that is not a Wholly Owned Subsidiary and with respect to which the Borrower Representative or such Subsidiary has the right to take the following actions without the need to obtain the consent of any Person (other than the
Requisite Lenders if required pursuant to the Loan Documents): (A) to create Liens on such Property as security for Indebtedness of the Borrower Representative or such Subsidiary, as applicable and (B) to sell, convey, transfer or
otherwise dispose of such Property. 

Convert, Conversion and Converted each
refers to the conversion of a Loan of one Type into a Loan of another Type pursuant to Section 2.10. 

Covered Entity
means any of the following: (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in
accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 

Covered Party has the meaning given that term in Section 12.24. 

Credit Event means any of the following: (a) the making (or deemed making) of any Loan, (b) the Conversion of a
Base Rate Loan into a SOFR Loan and (c) the Continuation of a SOFR Loan. 

Credit Rating means the rating assigned
by a Rating Agency to the senior unsecured long term Indebtedness of a Person. 

Daily Simple SOFR Loan means any Loan
bearing interest at a rate based on Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR. 

Debtor Relief Laws means the Bankruptcy Code, and all
other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar Applicable Laws relating to the relief of debtors in the United States of
America or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect. 

Default means any of the events specified in
Section 10.1., whether or not there has been satisfied any requirement for the giving of notice, the lapse of time, or both. 

Defaulting Lender means, subject to Section 3.9.(d), any Lender that (a) has failed to (i) fund all or any
portion of its Loan within 2 Business Days of the date such Loan was required to be funded hereunder unless such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing that such failure is the result of such Lenders reasonable
determination (such reasonableness to be confirmed by the Administrative Agent) that one or more conditions precedent to funding (each of which conditions precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such
writing furnished to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower on or prior to the date which is one Business Day before the request for such funding is submitted by the Borrower in order to be effective to exclude such Lender from

9 

being a Defaulting Lender hereunder with respect to such requested funding) has not been satisfied, or (ii) pay to the Administrative Agent or any other Lender any other amount
required to be paid by it hereunder within 2 Business Days of the date when due, (b) has notified the Borrower or the Administrative Agent in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder, or has made a public
statement to that effect (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lenders obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lenders reasonable determination (such reasonableness to be
confirmed by the Administrative Agent) that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement furnished to the Administrative Agent
and the Borrower on or prior to the date which is one Business Day before the request for such funding is submitted by the Borrower) cannot be satisfied in order to be effective to exclude such Lender from being a Defaulting Lender
hereunder with respect to such requested funding), (c) has failed, within 3 Business Days after written request by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, to confirm in writing to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that it will comply
with its prospective funding obligations hereunder (provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower), or
(d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, (ii) had appointed for it a receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the
benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity, or
(iii) become the subject of a Bail-In Action; provided that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any equity interest in that Lender or any direct
or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States of America or from the enforcement of
judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a
Lender is a Defaulting Lender under clauses (a) through (d) above shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 3.9.(d)) upon delivery of written
notice of such determination to the Borrower and each Lender. 

Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in,
and shall be interpreted in accordance with 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 

Derivatives
Contract means any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity swaps, commodity options, forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond or
bond price or bond index swaps or options or forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions, interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions, cap transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, currency
swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions, currency options, spot contracts, or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing (including any commitment on the part of a Loan Party to enter into any of the
foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement. Not in limitation of the foregoing, the term Derivatives Contract includes any and all transactions of any kind, and the related
confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement, or any other
master agreement, including any such obligations or liabilities under any such master agreement. 

10 

Derivatives Support Documentmeans (i) any Credit Support
Annex comprising part of (and as defined in) any Specified Derivatives Contract, and (ii) any document or agreement pursuant to which cash, deposit accounts, securities accounts or similar financial asset collateral are pledged to or made
available for set-off by, a Specified Derivatives Provider, including any bankers lien or similar right, securing or supporting Specified Derivatives Obligation. 

Derivatives Termination Value means, in respect of any one or more Derivatives Contracts, after taking into account the
effect of any legally enforceable netting agreement relating to such Derivatives Contracts, (a) for any date on or after the date such Derivatives Contracts have been closed out and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such
termination value(s), and (b) for any date prior to the date referenced in clause (a) the amount(s) determined as the mark-to-market value(s) for such
Derivatives Contracts, as determined based upon one or more mid-market or other readily available quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Derivatives Contracts (which may include the
Administrative Agent or any Lender). 

Development Property means a Property that is not yet a Retail Property, an
Office Property, a Multifamily Property or a Hotel Property but is being developed, or will have development commencing within 12 months of any date of determination, to become one. A Development Property will cease to constitute a Development
Property upon the earlier to occur of (x) in the case of a Retail Property, Office Property or Multifamily Property (a) the date that is six months past substantial completion of such Property and (b) achieving an Occupancy Rate of
85.0% and (y) in the case of a Hotel Property, the date that is 12 months past substantial completion of such Property. 

Disbursement Instruction Agreement means an agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit G to be executed and
delivered by the Borrower, as the same may be amended, restated or modified from time to time with the prior written approval of the Administrative Agent. 

Dollars or $ means the lawful currency of the United States of America. 

EBITDAmeans, with respect to a Person for any period: (a) net income (or loss) of such Person for such period
determined on a consolidated basis, in accordance with GAAP, exclusive of the following (but only to the extent included in determination of such net income (loss)): (i) depreciation and amortization expense; (ii) Interest Expense;
(iii) income tax expense; and (iv) extraordinary or non-recurring gains and losses; plus (b) such Persons Ownership Share of EBITDA (as determined in a manner consistent with
the foregoing clause (a)) of its Unconsolidated Affiliates. EBITDA will be adjusted to remove all impact of straight lining of rents required under GAAP and amortization of intangibles pursuant to FASB ASC 805.

EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country
which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution
established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 

EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 

EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative
authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 

Effective Date means the later of (a) the Agreement Date and (b) the date on which all of the conditions
precedent set forth in Section 5.1. shall have been fulfilled or waived by all of the Lenders. 

11 

Eligible Assignee means (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a
Lender, (c) an Approved Fund and (d) any other Person (other than a natural person) approved by the Administrative Agent (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed); provided that notwithstanding the foregoing,
Eligible Assignee shall not include the Parent, the General Partner, the Borrower, any of the Parents, the General Partners or the Borrowers Affiliates or Subsidiaries or any Defaulting Lender. 

Eligible Property means a Property which satisfies all of the following requirements: (a) such Property is a Retail
Property, an Office Property, a Multifamily Property or Hotel Property; (b) neither such Property, nor any interest of the Borrower Representative, any Subsidiary or any Unconsolidated Affiliate therein (and if such Property is owned by a
Subsidiary or Unconsolidated Affiliate, none of the Borrower Representatives direct or indirect ownership interests in such Subsidiary or Unconsolidated Affiliate) is subject to any (i) Lien other than (x) Permitted Liens (excluding
Permitted Liens of the type described in clauses (g) and (h) of the definition thereof) and (y) in the case of a Property leased under a Ground Lease, the interest of the lessor under such Ground Lease (regardless of whether the
lessees obligations under such Ground Lease constitute Capitalized Lease Obligations) or (ii) Negative Pledge; (c) such Property is free of all structural defects or major architectural deficiencies, title defects, environmental
conditions or other adverse matters except for defects, deficiencies, conditions or other matters individually or collectively which are not material to the profitable operation of such Property; and (d) if (i) such Property is leased by the
Borrower Representative, a Subsidiary or Unconsolidated Affiliate pursuant to a Ground Lease or other lease, (ii) the lessors interest in such Property is subject to a mortgage and (iii) such Ground Lease or lease is subordinate to
such mortgage, then the mortgagee shall have executed a customary non-disturbance agreement with respect to the rights of the Borrower Representative, such Subsidiary or Unconsolidated Affiliate under the
Ground Lease or other lease. 

Environmental Laws means any Applicable Law relating to environmental protection or the
manufacture, storage, remediation, disposal or clean-up of Hazardous Materials including, without limitation, the following: Clean Air Act, 42 U.S.C. 7401 et seq.; Federal Water Pollution Control Act,
33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.; Solid Waste Disposal Act, as amended by the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq.; Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, 42 U.S.C. 9601 et
seq.; National Environmental Policy Act, 42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.; regulations of the Environmental Protection Agency, any applicable rule of common law and any judicial interpretation thereof relating primarily to the environment or Hazardous
Materials, and, to the extent constituting Applicable Law, any analogous or comparable state or local laws, regulations or ordinances that concern Hazardous Materials or protection of the environment. 

Equity Interest means, with respect to any Person, any share of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests
in) such Person, any warrant, option or other right for the purchase or other acquisition from such Person of any share of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person whether or not certificated, any security convertible
into or exchangeable for any share of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person or warrant, right or option for the purchase or other acquisition from such Person of such shares (or such other interests), and any other
ownership or profit interest in such Person (including, without limitation, partnership, member or trust interests therein), whether voting or nonvoting, and whether or not such share, warrant, option, right or other interest is authorized or
otherwise existing on any date of determination. 

Equity Issuance means any issuance or sale by a Person of any Equity
Interest in such Person and shall in any event include the issuance of any Equity Interest upon the conversion or exchange of any security constituting Indebtedness that is convertible or exchangeable, or is being converted or exchanged, for Equity
Interests. 

12 

ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as in
effect from time to time. 

ERISA Event means, with respect to the ERISA Group, (a) any reportable
event as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA with respect to a Plan (other than an event for which the 30-day notice period is waived); (b) the withdrawal of a member of the ERISA Group from a
Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which it was a substantial employer as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA or a cessation of operations that is treated as such a withdrawal under
Section 4062(e) of ERISA; (c) the incurrence by a member of the ERISA Group of any liability with respect to the withdrawal or partial withdrawal from any Multiemployer Plan; (d) the incurrence by any member of the ERISA Group of any
liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (e) the ERISA group receives notice of the institution of proceedings to terminate a Plan or Multiemployer Plan by the PBGC; (f) the
failure by any member of the ERISA Group to make when due required contributions to a Multiemployer Plan or Plan unless such failure is cured within 30 days or the filing pursuant to Section 412(c) of the Internal Revenue Code or
Section 302(c) of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard; (g) any other event or condition that might reasonably be expected to constitute grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or
the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Plan or Multiemployer Plan or the imposition of liability under Section 4069 or 4212(c) of ERISA; (h) the receipt by any member of the ERISA Group of any notice or the receipt by any
Multiemployer Plan from any member of the ERISA Group of any notice, concerning the imposition of Withdrawal Liability or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, insolvent (within the meaning of Section 4245 of
ERISA), in reorganization (within the meaning of Section 4241 of ERISA), or in critical status (within the meaning of Section 432 of the Internal Revenue Code or Section 305 of ERISA); (i) the ERISA Group receives
notice of the imposition of any liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA, upon any member of the ERISA Group or the imposition of any Lien in favor of the PBGC under
Title IV of ERISA; or (j) the ERISA Group receives notice of a determination that a Plan is, or is reasonably expected to be, in at risk status (within the meaning of Section 430 of the Internal Revenue Code or Section 303
of ERISA). 

ERISA Group means the Borrower, any Subsidiary and all members of a controlled group of corporations and
all trades or businesses (whether or not incorporated) under common control which, together with the Borrower or any Subsidiary, are treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Internal Revenue Code. 

Erroneous Payment has the meaning given that term in Section 11.10.(a). 

Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment has the meaning given that term in Section 11.10(d). 

Erroneous Payment Impacted Class has the meaning given that term in Section 11.10(d). 

Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency has the meaning given that term in Section 11.10(d). 

EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU
Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. 

Event of Default means any of the events specified in Section 10.1., provided that any requirement for notice or lapse
of time or any other condition has been satisfied. 

13 

Excluded Subsidiarymeans any Subsidiary (a) holding title to
assets that are or are to become collateral for any Secured Indebtedness of such Subsidiary and (b) that is prohibited from Guarantying the Indebtedness of any other Person pursuant to (i) any document, instrument, or agreement evidencing
such Secured Indebtedness or (ii) a provision of such Subsidiarys organizational documents which provision was included in such Subsidiarys organizational documents as a condition to the extension of such Secured Indebtedness. 

Excluded Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Guarantor, any Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a
portion of the Guarantee of such Guarantor of, or the grant by such Guarantor of a security interest to secure, such Swap Obligation (or any Guarantee thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order
of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any thereof) by virtue of such Guarantors failure for any reason to constitute an eligible contract participant as defined in the
Commodity Exchange Act and the regulations thereunder at the time the Guarantee of such Guarantor or the grant of such security interest becomes effective with respect to such Swap Obligation. If a Swap Obligation arises under a master agreement
governing more than one swap, such exclusion shall apply only to the portion of such Swap Obligation that is attributable to swaps for which such Guarantee or security interest is or becomes illegal. 

Existing Credit Agreement has the meaning given to such term in the recitals hereto. 

Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or
deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws
of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable Lending Office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case
of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to an Applicable Law in effect on the date on which (i) such
Lender acquires such interest in the Loan or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrower under Section 4.6.) or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to
Section 3.10., amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lenders assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes
attributable to such Recipients failure to comply with Section 3.10.(g) and (d) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA. 

Extension Request has the meaning given that term in Section 2.13. 

Fair Market Value means, with respect to (a) a security listed on a national securities exchange or the NASDAQ
National Market, the price of such security as reported on such exchange or market by any widely recognized reporting method customarily relied upon by financial institutions and (b) any other property, the price which could be negotiated in an
arms-length free market transaction, for cash, between a willing seller and a willing buyer, neither of which is under pressure or compulsion to complete the transaction. Except as otherwise provided
herein, Fair Market Value shall be determined by the Board of Trustees of the Parent (or an authorized committee thereof) acting in good faith conclusively evidenced by a board resolution or written consent thereof delivered to the Administrative
Agent or, with respect to any asset valued at no more than $1,000,000, such determination may be made by the chief financial officer of the Borrower Representative evidenced by an officers certificate delivered to the Administrative Agent.

FASB ASC means the Accounting Standards Codification of the Financial Accounting Standards Board. 

14 

FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Internal Revenue Code, as
of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with) and any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and any agreement entered
into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code. 

Federal Funds Rate means, for any day, the rate
per annum equal to the weighted average of the rates on overnight federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System, as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York on the Business Day next succeeding such day, provided that
if such rate is not so published for any day which is a Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be the average of the quotation for such day on such transactions received by the Administrative Agent from three federal funds brokers
of recognized standing selected by the Administrative Agent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Federal Funds Rate shall be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be the Floor for purposes of this Agreement. 

Fee Letter means, collectively, (i) that certain fee letter dated February 13, 2025, by and among the Borrower,
PNC Bank, and PNC Capital Markets LLC, and (ii) any other fee letter entered into with respect to this Agreement by and among the Borrower and/or the Borrower Representative, as applicable and an Arranger. 

Fees means the fees and commissions provided for or referred to in Section 3.5. and any other fees payable by the
Borrower hereunder, under any other Loan Document or under the Fee Letter. 

Fixed Chargesmeans, for any period,
the sum of (a) Interest Expense of the Borrower Representative and its Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis and of Unconsolidated Affiliates for such period, (b) all regularly scheduled principal payments made with respect to
Indebtedness of the Borrower Representative, its Subsidiaries and its Unconsolidated Affiliates during such period, other than any balloon, bullet or similar principal payment which repays such Indebtedness in full, and (c) all Preferred
Dividends paid by the Borrower Representative, its Subsidiaries and Unconsolidated Affiliates during such period (other than such payments to the Borrower Representative and any Subsidiary); provided, however that only the Borrower
Representatives Ownership Share of the amounts (other than inter-company amounts) set forth in clauses (a) through (c) above with respect to Unconsolidated Affiliates of the Borrower Representative shall be included in determinations of
Fixed Charges. 

FRIT San Jose has the meaning given to such term in the introductory paragraph hereof. 

Floor means a rate of interest equal to 0.00%. 

Foreign Lender means (a) if the Borrower is a U.S. Person, a Lender that is not a U.S. Person, and (b) if the
Borrower is not a U.S. Person, a Lender that is resident or organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which the Borrower is resident for tax purposes. 

Franchise Agreement means an agreement permitting the use of the applicable hotel brand name, hotel system trademarks,
trade names and any related rights in connection with the ownership or operation of a Property. 

FRB means the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States. 

Fund means any Person (other than a natural person) that
is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business. 

15 

Funds From Operations means, with respect to a Person and for a given
period, (a) net income (loss) of such Person, excluding gains (or losses) from debt restructuring and sales of property, plus (b) depreciation with respect to such Persons real estate assets and amortization (other than amortization
of deferred financing costs), and after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures. Adjustments for unconsolidated partnership and joint ventures will be calculated to reflect funds from operations on the same basis. For purposes
of this Agreement, Funds From Operations shall be calculated consistent with the Funds from Operations White Paper 2018 Restatement issued by National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts, Inc., but without giving effect to any
supplements, amendments or other modifications promulgated after the Agreement Date. 

GAAP means generally accepted
accounting principles in the United States of America set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial
Accounting Standards Board (including Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 168, The FASB Accounting Standards Codification) or in such other statements by such other entity as may be approved by a significant segment of
the accounting profession in the United States of America, which are applicable to the circumstances as of the date of determination. 

General Partner means Federal Realty GP LLC, a limited liability company formed under the laws of the State of Delaware.

Governmental Approvals means all authorizations, consents, approvals, licenses and exemptions of, registrations and
filings with, and reports to, all Governmental Authorities. 

Governmental Authority means any national, state or local
government (whether domestic or foreign), any political subdivision thereof or any other governmental, quasi-governmental, judicial, administrative, public or statutory instrumentality, authority, body,
agency, bureau, commission, board, department or other entity (including, without limitation, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Comptroller of the Currency or the Federal Reserve Board, any central bank or any comparable authority) or
any arbitrator with authority to bind a party at law and any group or body charged with setting financial, accounting, or regulatory capital rules or standards (including, without limitation, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the Bank for
International Settlements, or the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision or similar authority to any of the foregoing). 

Ground
Leasemeans a ground lease or master lease containing the following terms and conditions: (a) a remaining term (exclusive of any unexercised extension options) of thirty (30) years or more from the Agreement Date;
(b) the right of the lessee to mortgage and encumber its interest in the leased property without the consent of the lessor; (c) the obligation of the lessor to give the holder of any mortgage Lien on such leased property written notice of
any defaults on the part of the lessee and agreement of such lessor that such lease will not be terminated until such holder has had a reasonable opportunity to cure or complete foreclosures, and fails to do so; (d) reasonable transferability
of the lessees interest under such lease, including ability to sublease; and (e) such other rights customarily required by mortgagees making a loan secured by the interest of the holder of the leasehold estate demised pursuant to a ground
lease or master lease. 

Guarantor means any Person that guarantees all or a portion of the Obligations including, at
all times after delivery of the Parent/General Partner Guaranty (if ever), the Parent and, at all times after delivery of the Parent/General Partner Guaranty (if ever), the General Partner. 

Guaranty, Guaranteed, Guarantying or to Guarantee as applied to
any obligation means and includes: (a) a guaranty (other than by endorsement of negotiable instruments for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business), directly or indirectly, in any manner, of any part or all of such obligation,
or (b) an agreement, direct or indirect, contingent or otherwise, and whether or not constituting 

16 

a guaranty, the practical effect of which is to assure the payment or performance (or payment of damages in the event of nonperformance) of any part or all of such obligation whether by:
(i) the purchase of securities or obligations, (ii) the purchase, sale or lease (as lessee or lessor) of property or the purchase or sale of services primarily for the purpose of enabling the obligor with respect to such obligation to make
any payment or performance (or payment of damages in the event of nonperformance) of or on account of any part or all of such obligation, or to assure the owner of such obligation against loss, (iii) the supplying of funds to or in any other
manner investing in the obligor with respect to such obligation, (iv) repayment of amounts drawn down by beneficiaries of letters of credit, or (v) the supplying of funds to or investing in a Person on account of all or any part of such
Persons obligation under a Guaranty of any obligation or indemnifying or holding harmless, in any way, such Person against any part or all of such obligation. As the context requires, Guaranty shall also mean the guaranty executed
and delivered pursuant to Section 5.1. or 7.14. and substantially in the form of Exhibit B. 

Hazardous
Materials means all or any of the following: (a) substances that are defined or listed in, or otherwise classified pursuant to, any applicable Environmental Laws as hazardous substances, hazardous materials,
hazardous wastes, toxic substances or any other formulation intended to define, list or classify substances by reason of deleterious properties such as ignitability, corrosivity, reactivity, carcinogenicity, reproductive
toxicity, TCLP toxicity, or EP toxicity; (b) oil, petroleum or petroleum derived substances, natural gas, natural gas liquids or synthetic gas and drilling fluids, produced waters and other wastes associated with the
exploration, development or production of crude oil, natural gas or geothermal resources; (c) any flammable substances or explosives or any radioactive materials; (d) asbestos in any form; (e) toxic mold; and (f) electrical
equipment which contains any oil or dielectric fluid containing levels of polychlorinated biphenyls in excess of fifty parts per million. 

Hotel Property means any Property, the improvements on which are operated as a hotel, inn or the providing of lodging or
leisure services, together with any incidental improvements on such Property operated in connection with such hotel, inn, lodging or leisure facility. 

Indebtedness means, with respect to a Person, at the time of computation thereof, all of the following (without
duplication): (a) all obligations of such Person in respect of money borrowed; (b) all obligations of such Person (other than trade debt incurred in the ordinary course of business), whether or not for money borrowed (i) represented
by notes payable, or drafts accepted, in each case representing extensions of credit, (ii) evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments, or (iii) constituting purchase money indebtedness, conditional sales contracts, title
retention debt instruments or other similar instruments, upon which interest charges are customarily paid or that are issued or assumed as full or partial payment for property or services rendered; (c) accounts payable and dividends payable;
(d) Capitalized Lease Obligations of such Person (including ground leases to the extent required under GAAP (subject to the provisions of Section 1.2. hereof) to be reported as a liability) and any sale leaseback transactions or other
transaction by which such Person shall remain liable as lessee (or the economic equivalent thereof) of any real or personal property that it has sold or leased to another Person; (e) all reimbursement obligations of such Person under any
letters of credit or acceptances (whether or not the same have been presented for payment); (f) all Off-Balance Sheet Obligations of such Person; (g) all obligations of such Person to purchase,
redeem, retire, defease or otherwise make any payment in respect of any Mandatorily Redeemable Stock issued by such Person or any other Person, valued at the greater of its voluntary or involuntary liquidation preference plus accrued and unpaid
dividends; (h) all obligations of such Person in respect of any purchase obligation, repurchase obligation, takeout commitment or forward equity commitment, in each case evidenced by a binding agreement (excluding any such obligation to the
extent the obligation can be satisfied by the issuance of Equity Interests (other than Mandatorily Redeemable Stock)); (i) net obligations under any Derivatives Contract not entered into as a hedge against existing Indebtedness (which shall be
deemed to have an amount equal to the Derivatives Termination Value thereof at such time but in no event shall be less than zero); (j) all Indebtedness of other Persons which such Person has guaranteed or

17 

is otherwise recourse to such Person (except for guaranties of customary exceptions for fraud, misapplication of funds, environmental indemnities and other similar exceptions to recourse
liability (but not exceptions relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar events)); (k) all Indebtedness of another Person secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or
otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien on property or assets owned by such Person, even though such Person has not assumed or become liable for the payment of such Indebtedness or other payment obligation; and (l) such Persons Ownership
Share of the Indebtedness of any Unconsolidated Affiliate of such Person. By way of example only and not in limitation of the preceding sentence, Indebtedness of any Person shall include Indebtedness of any partnership or joint venture in which such
Person is a general partner or joint venturer to the extent of such Persons Ownership Share of such partnership or joint venture (except if such Indebtedness, or any portion thereof, is recourse to such Person, in which case the greater of
such Persons Ownership Share of such Indebtedness or the amount of the recourse portion of the Indebtedness, shall be included as Indebtedness of such Person). All Loans shall constitute Indebtedness of the Borrower. 

Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on
account of any obligation of the Borrower or any other Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in the immediately preceding clause (a), Other Taxes. 

Intellectual Property has the meaning given that term in Section 6.1.(s). 

Interest Expensemeans, for any period, without duplication, (a) total interest expense of the Borrower
Representative and its Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP for such period, including capitalized interest not funded under a construction loan on a consolidated basis, plus (b) the Borrower
Representatives Ownership Share of total interest expense of Unconsolidated Affiliates determined in accordance with GAAP for such period, including capitalized interest not funded under a construction loan.

Interest Period means, with respect to each Term SOFR Loan, each period commencing on the date such Term SOFR Loan is made,
or in the case of the Continuation of a Term SOFR Loan the last day of the preceding Interest Period for such Loan, and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the first, third or sixth calendar month thereafter (or such shorter period as
acceptable to the Lenders), as the Borrower may select in a Notice of Borrowing, Notice of Continuation or Notice of Conversion, as the case may be, except that each Interest Period that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on
any day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the appropriate subsequent calendar month) shall end on the last Business Day of the appropriate subsequent calendar month. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Interest Period that would
otherwise end on a day which is not a Business Day shall end on the immediately following Business Day (or, if such immediately following Business Day falls in the next calendar month, on the immediately preceding Business Day). 

Notwithstanding the foregoing: (i) if any Interest Period would otherwise end after the Maturity Date, such Interest Period shall end on the Maturity
Date; (ii) each Interest Period that would otherwise end on a day which is not a Business Day shall end on the immediately following Business Day (or, if such immediately following Business Day falls in the next calendar month, on the
immediately preceding Business Day); and (iii) no tenor that has been removed from this definition pursuant to this Agreement shall be available for specification in any Notice of Borrowing, Notice of Continuation or Notice of Conversion. 

Internal Revenue Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

18 

Investment means, (x) with respect to any Person, any acquisition or
investment (whether or not of a controlling interest) by such Person, by means of any of the following: (a) the purchase or other acquisition of any Equity Interest in another Person, (b) a loan, advance or extension of credit to, capital
contribution to, Guaranty of Indebtedness of, or purchase or other acquisition of any Indebtedness of, another Person, including any partnership or joint venture interest in such other Person, or (c) the purchase or other acquisition (in one
transaction or a series of transactions) of assets of another Person that constitute the business or a division or operating unit of another Person and (y) with respect to any Property or other asset, the acquisition thereof. Any binding
commitment to make an Investment in any other Person, as well as any option of another Person to require an Investment in such Person, shall constitute an Investment. Except as expressly provided otherwise, for purposes of determining compliance
with any covenant contained in a Loan Document, the amount of any Investment shall be the amount actually invested, without adjustment for subsequent increases or decreases in the value of such Investment. 

Investment Grade Rating means a Credit Rating of BBB-/Baa3 (or the equivalent) or
higher from a Rating Agency. 

Lender means each financial institution from time to time party hereto as a
Lender, together with its respective successors and permitted assigns; provided, however, that the term Lender except as otherwise expressly provided herein, shall exclude any Lender (or its Affiliates) in its capacity as a
Specified Derivatives Provider. 

Lending Office means, for each Lender and for each Type of Loan, the office of such
Lender specified in such Lenders Administrative Questionnaire or in the applicable Assignment and Assumption, or such other office of such Lender as such Lender may notify the Administrative Agent in writing from time to time. 

Level has the meaning given that term in the definition of the term Applicable Margin. 

Lien as applied to the property of any Person means: (a) any security interest, encumbrance, mortgage, deed to secure
debt, deed of trust, assignment of leases and rents, pledge, lien, hypothecation, assignment, charge or lease constituting a Capitalized Lease Obligation, conditional sale or other title retention agreement, or other security title or encumbrance of
any kind in respect of any property of such Person, or upon the income, rents or profits therefrom; (b) any arrangement, express or implied, under which any property of such Person is transferred, sequestered or otherwise identified for the
purpose of subjecting the same to the payment of Indebtedness or performance of any other obligation in priority to the payment of the general, unsecured creditors of such Person; and (c) the filing of any financing statement under the UCC or
its equivalent in any jurisdiction, other than any precautionary filing not otherwise constituting or giving rise to a Lien, including a financing statement filed (i) in respect of a lease not constituting a Capitalized Lease Obligation
pursuant to Section 9-505 (or a successor provision) of the Uniform Commercial Code or its equivalent as in effect in an applicable jurisdiction or (ii) in connection with a sale or other disposition
of accounts or other assets not prohibited by this Agreement in a transaction not otherwise constituting or giving rise to a Lien. 

Loan means a Term A Loan, a Term B Loan or an Additional Loan made pursuant to Section 2.14. 

Loan Document means this Agreement, each Note, the Guaranty and each other document or instrument now or hereafter executed
and delivered by a Loan Party in connection with, pursuant to or relating to this Agreement (other than the Fee Letter and any Specified Derivatives Contract). 

19 

Loan Party means each of the Borrower and each other Person who
guarantees all or a portion of the Obligations. Schedule 1.1.(a) sets forth the Loan Parties in addition to the Borrower as of the Agreement Date. 

Major Default means a Default resulting from the occurrence of any of the events described in Section 10.1.(a),
Section 10.1.(e) or Section 10.1.(f). 

Mandatorily Redeemable Stock means, with respect to a Person, any
Equity Interest of such Person which by the terms of such Equity Interest (or by the terms of any security into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable or exercisable), upon the happening of any event or otherwise (a) matures or
is mandatorily redeemable, pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise (other than an Equity Interest to the extent redeemable in exchange for common stock or other equivalent common Equity Interests), (b) is convertible into or
exchangeable or exercisable for Indebtedness or Mandatorily Redeemable Stock, or (c) is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof, in whole or in part (other than an Equity Interest (including interests in the Borrower Representative and
in downREIT Subsidiaries of the Borrower Representative) which is redeemable in exchange for common stock or other equivalent common Equity Interests without the payment of any cash or other consideration); in each case, on or prior to
the Maturity Date. For purposes of this definition, Equity Interests in any of the following Subsidiaries which the Borrower Representative or any Subsidiary is obligated to acquire pursuant to currently existing agreements (as in effect on the
April 20, 2016) with the holders of such Equity Interest shall not be considered to be Mandatorily Redeemable Stock: Congressional Plaza Associates, LLC; NVI-Avenue, LLC; Shrewsbury Commons LP; Route 35
Shrewsbury Limited Partnership; Sea Girt Limited Partnership; 35 West LLC; and Federal Realty Partners L.P. 

Material
Acquisition means any acquisition by the Borrower Representative or any Subsidiary in which the GAAP book value of the assets acquired exceed 10.0% of the consolidated total assets of the Borrower Representative and its Subsidiaries
determined under GAAP as of the last day of the most recently ending fiscal quarter of the Borrower Representative for which financial statements are publicly available. 

Material Adverse Effect means a materially adverse effect on (a) the business, assets, liabilities, financial
condition or results of operations of the Borrower Representative and/or the Parent and their respective Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (b) the ability of the Borrower Representative or any other Loan Party to perform its obligations under any
Loan Document to which it is a party, (c) the validity or enforceability of any of the Loan Documents, (d) the rights and remedies of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent under any of the Loan Documents or (e) the timely payment
of the principal of or interest on the Loans or other amounts payable in connection therewith. 

Material Contract means
any contract or other arrangement (other than Loan Documents, the Fee Letter and Specified Derivatives Contracts), whether written or oral, to which the Borrower Representative, any Subsidiary or any other Loan Party is a party as to which the
breach, nonperformance, cancellation or failure to renew (if renewable by its terms) by any party thereto could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

Material Indebtedness has the meaning given that term in Section 10.1.(d). 

Material Subsidiary means any Subsidiary to which more than 2% of Adjusted Total Asset Value is attributable on an
individual basis. 

Maturity Date means March 20, 2028, or such later date to which the Maturity Date may be
extended pursuant to Section 2.13. 

20 

Mixed-Use Project means any mixed-use project that includes or will include a Retail Property and will also include a Multifamily Property and/or an Office Property. 

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service, Inc. and its successors. 

Mortgage means a mortgage, deed of trust, deed to secure debt or similar security instrument made by a Person owning an
interest in real estate granting a Lien on such interest in real estate as security for the payment of Indebtedness. 

Mortgage
Receivable means a promissory note or similarly structured investment secured by a Mortgage of which the Borrower Representative, its Subsidiaries or its Unconsolidated Affiliates is the holder and retains the rights of collection of all
payments thereunder including, without limitation, mezzanine debt and preferred equity investments secured by individual or portfolio properties. 

Multiemployer Plan means at any time a multiemployer plan within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA to which
any member of the ERISA Group is then making or accruing an obligation to make contributions or has within the preceding six plan years made contributions, including for these purposes any Person which ceased to be a member of the ERISA Group during
such six-year period. 

Multifamily Property means a Property improved with, and
from which at least 80% of the rental income is derived from, residential apartments, which may include a Property that is a part of a Mixed-Use Project. 

Negative Pledge means, with respect to a given asset, any provision of a document, instrument or agreement (other than any
Loan Document) which prohibits or purports to prohibit the creation or assumption of any Lien on such asset as security for Indebtedness of the Person owning such asset or any other Person; provided, however, that an agreement that conditions a
Persons ability to encumber its assets upon the maintenance of one or more specified ratios that limit such Persons ability to encumber its assets but that do not generally prohibit the encumbrance of its assets, or the encumbrance of
specific assets, shall not constitute a Negative Pledge. 

Net Operating Income means, for any Property and for a given
period, the sum of the following (without duplication and determined on a consistent basis with prior periods): (a) rents and other revenues received in the ordinary course from such Property (including proceeds of rent loss insurance but
excluding pre-paid rents and revenues and security deposits except to the extent applied in satisfaction of tenants obligations for rent) minus (b) all expenses paid (excluding interest but
including an appropriate accrual for taxes and insurance) related to the ownership, operation or maintenance of such Property, including but not limited to taxes, assessments and the like, insurance, utilities, payroll costs, maintenance, repair and
landscaping expenses, marketing expenses, and general and administrative expenses (including an appropriate allocation for legal, accounting, advertising, marketing and other expenses incurred in connection with such Property, but specifically
excluding general overhead expenses of the Borrower Representative, its Subsidiaries or, to the extent applicable its Unconsolidated Affiliates and any property management fees) minus (c) the Capital Reserves for such Property as of the
end of such period minus (d) the greater of (i) the actual property management fee paid during such period with respect to such Property and (ii) an imputed management fee in the amount equal to 3.0% of the gross revenues for
such Property for such period. 

Net Proceeds means with respect to any Equity Issuance by a Person, the aggregate
amount of all cash and the Fair Market Value of all other property (other than securities of such Person being converted or exchanged in connection with such Equity Issuance) received by such Person in respect of such Equity Issuance net of
investment banking fees, legal fees, accountants fees, underwriting discounts and commissions and other customary fees and expenses actually incurred by such Person in connection with such Equity Issuance. 

21 

Non-Controlled Property means an
Eligible Property owned in fee simple (or leased under a Ground Lease) by (a) an Unconsolidated Affiliate or (b) a Subsidiary that is not a Wholly Owned Subsidiary but which Property does not otherwise qualify as a Controlled Property.

Non-Defaulting Lender means, at any time, each Lender that is not a Defaulting
Lender at such time. 

Note means a Term A Loan Note or a Term B Loan Note. 

Notice of Borrowing means a notice substantially in the form of Exhibit C (or such other form reasonably acceptable to
the Administrative Agent and containing the information required in such Exhibit) to be delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.2.(d) evidencing the Borrowers request for the borrowing of the Loans. 

Notice of Continuation means a notice substantially in the form of Exhibit D (or such other form reasonably acceptable
to the Administrative Agent and containing the information required in such Exhibit) to be delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.9. evidencing the Borrowers request for the Continuation of a SOFR Loan. 

Notice of Conversion means a notice substantially in the form of Exhibit E (or such other form reasonably acceptable
to the Administrative Agent and containing the information required in such Exhibit) to be delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.10. evidencing the Borrowers request for the Conversion of a Loan from one Type to
another Type. 

Obligations means, individually and collectively: (a) the aggregate principal balance of, and all
accrued and unpaid interest on, all Loans; and (b) all other indebtedness, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties of the Borrower and the other Loan Parties owing to the Administrative Agent or any Lender of every kind, nature and
description, under or in respect of this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, including, without limitation, the Fees and indemnification obligations, whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or not due, contractual or
tortious, liquidated or unliquidated, and whether or not evidenced by any promissory note. For the avoidance of doubt, Obligations shall not include Specified Derivatives Obligations. 

Occupancy Rate means, with respect to a Property at any time, the ratio, expressed as a percentage, of (a) the net
rentable square footage of such Property for which the Borrower Representative, a Subsidiary or, to the extent applicable, an Unconsolidated Affiliate, is collecting rent to (b) the total square footage of such Property available for lease;
provided, that, in the case of a Multifamily Property, Occupancy Rate means the ratio, expressed as a percentage, of (a) the net rentable units of such Multifamily Property for which the Borrower Representative, a Subsidiary
or, to the extent applicable, an Unconsolidated Affiliate is collecting rent to (b) the total units of such Multifamily Property available for lease. 

OFAC means the U.S. Department of the Treasurys Office of Foreign Assets Control. 

Office Property means a Property improved with a building or buildings the substantial use of which is office space, which
may include a Property that is part of a Mixed-Use Project. 

22 

Off-Balance Sheet Obligations
means liabilities and obligations of the Borrower Representative, any Subsidiary or any other Person in respect of off-balance sheet arrangements (as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act) which the Borrower Representative would be required to disclose in the Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
section of the Borrower Representatives report on Form 10-Q or Form 10-K (or their equivalents) which the Borrower is required to file with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (or any Governmental Authority substituted therefor). 

Other Connection Taxes means, with respect
to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed
its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document). 

Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that
arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that
are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 4.6.). 

Ownership Share means, with respect to any Subsidiary of a Person (other than a Wholly Owned Subsidiary) or any
Unconsolidated Affiliate of a Person, the greater of (a) such Persons relative nominal direct and indirect ownership interest (expressed as a percentage) in such Subsidiary or Unconsolidated Affiliate and (b) subject to compliance
with Section 8.4.(p), such Persons relative direct and indirect economic interest (calculated as a percentage) in such Subsidiary or Unconsolidated Affiliate determined in accordance with the applicable provisions of the declaration of
trust, articles or certificate of incorporation, articles of organization, partnership agreement, joint venture agreement or other applicable organizational document of such Subsidiary or Unconsolidated Affiliate. 

Parent means Federal Realty Investment Trust, a real estate investment trust formed under the laws of the State of
Maryland, formerly known as FRT Holdco REIT. 

Parent/General Partner Guaranty means the Parent/General Partner Guaranty
delivered (if ever) pursuant to Section 7.14. and substantially in the form of Exhibit L. 

Participant has the
meaning given that term in Section 12.6.(d). 

Participant Register has the meaning given that term in
Section 12.6.(c). 

PATRIOT Act means the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L.
107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)). 

Payment Recipient has the
meaning given that term in Section 11.10(a). 

PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation and any
successor agency. 

Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning given that term in the definition of the term
Term SOFR. 

23 

Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction means any call or capped call option (or
substantively equivalent derivative transaction) relating to Parents common shares (or other securities or property following a merger event, reclassification or other change of the common shares of Parent not prohibited by this Agreement)
purchased by the Borrower Representative or Parent in connection with the issuance of any Convertible Notes and settled in common shares of Parent (or such other securities or property), cash or a combination thereof; provided that the purchase
price for such Permitted Bond Hedge Transactions, less the proceeds received by Parent from the sale of any related Permitted Warrant Transactions, does not exceed the net proceeds received by the Borrower Representative from the issuance of the
Convertible Notes in connection with such Permitted Bond Hedge Transactions. 

Permitted Liens means, with respect to
any asset or property of a Person, (a) (i) Liens securing taxes, assessments and other charges or levies imposed by any Governmental Authority (excluding any Lien imposed pursuant to any of the provisions of ERISA or pursuant to any
Environmental Laws) or (ii) the claims of materialmen, mechanics, carriers, warehousemen or landlords for labor, materials, supplies or rentals incurred in the ordinary course of business, which, in each case, are not at the time required to be
paid or discharged under Section 7.6.; (b) Liens consisting of deposits or pledges made, in the ordinary course of business, in connection with, or to secure payment of, obligations under workmens compensation, unemployment insurance
or similar Applicable Laws; (c) Liens consisting of encumbrances in the nature of zoning restrictions, easements, and rights or restrictions of record on the use of real property, which do not materially detract from the value of such property
or materially impair the use thereof in the business of such Person; (d) the rights of tenants under leases or subleases not interfering with the ordinary conduct of business of such Person; (e) Liens in favor of the Administrative Agent
for its benefit and the benefit of the Lenders and each Specified Derivatives Provider; (f) Liens in favor of the Borrower Representative or a Subsidiary securing obligations owing by a Subsidiary to the Borrower Representative or a Subsidiary;
(g) Liens in existence as of the Agreement Date and set forth on Part II of Schedule 6.1.(f); and (h) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted by the Loan Documents. 

Permitted Warrant Transaction means any call option, warrant or right to purchase (or substantively equivalent derivative
transaction) relating to Parents common shares (or other securities or property following a merger event, reclassification or other change to the common shares of Parent not prohibited by this Agreement) sold by Parent substantially
concurrently with any purchase by the Borrower Representative or Parent of a related Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction and settled in common shares of Parent (or such other securities or property), cash or a combination thereof, and the performance
by Parent of its obligations thereunder. 

Person means any natural person, corporation, limited partnership, general
partnership, joint stock company, limited liability company, limited liability partnership, joint venture, association, company, trust, bank, trust company, land trust, business trust or other organization, whether or not a legal entity, or any
other nongovernmental entity, or any Governmental Authority. 

Plan means at any time an employee pension benefit plan
(other than a Multiemployer Plan) which is covered by Title IV of ERISA or subject to the minimum funding standards under Section 412 of the Internal Revenue Code and either (a) is maintained, or contributed to, by any member of the ERISA
Group for employees of any member of the ERISA Group or (b) has at any time within the preceding six years been maintained, or contributed to, by any Person which was at such time a member of the ERISA Group for employees of any Person which
was at such time a member of the ERISA Group. 

PNC Bank means PNC Bank, National Association, and its successors and
permitted assigns. 

Post-Default Rate means, in respect of any principal of any Loan, the rate otherwise applicable
plus an additional four percent (4.0%) per annum and with respect to any other Obligation, a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate as in effect from time to time plus the Applicable Margin for Base Rate Loans plusfourpercent (4.0%). 

24 

Preferred Dividends means, for any period and without duplication, all
Restricted Payments paid during such period on Preferred Equity issued by the Borrower Representative, a Subsidiary or an Unconsolidated Affiliate (including any distributions by the Borrower Representative to the General Partner or Parent to make
payments with respect to Preferred Equity of the Parent or the General Partner). Preferred Dividends shall not include dividends or distributions (a) paid or payable solely in Equity Interests (other than Mandatorily Redeemable Stock)
payable to holders of such class of Equity Interests; (b) paid or payable to the Borrower Representative or a Subsidiary; or (c) constituting balloon, bullet or similar redemptions resulting in the redemption of Preferred Equity in full.

Preferred Equity means, with respect to any Person, Equity Interests in such Person which are entitled to preference
or priority over any other Equity Interest in such Person in respect of the payment of dividends or distribution of assets upon liquidation or both. 

Prime Rate means, at any time, the rate of interest per annum publicly announced from time to time by the Administrative
Agent as its prime rate. Each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective as of the opening of business on the day such change in such prime rate occurs. The parties hereto acknowledge that the rate announced publicly by the Administrative Agent as
its prime rate is an index or base rate and shall not necessarily be its lowest or best rate charged to its customers or other banks. 

Principal Office means the main banking office of the Administrative Agent located in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, or such
other office designated by the Administrative Agent. 

Property means any parcel of real property owned or leased (in
whole or in part) or operated by the Borrower Representative, any Subsidiary or any Unconsolidated Affiliate of the Borrower Representative and which is located in a state of the United States of America or the District of Columbia. 

Property Management Agreement means an agreement pursuant to which the Borrower Representative or a Subsidiary engages a
Person to advise it with respect to the management of an Unencumbered Property or to provide management services with respect to the same. 

QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in
accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 

QFC Credit Support has the meaning given that term in Section 12.24.

Qualified ECP Guarantor means, in respect of any Swap Obligation, each Loan Party that has total assets exceeding
$10,000,000 at the time the relevant Guarantee or grant of the relevant security interest becomes effective with respect to such Swap Obligation or such other person as constitutes an eligible contract participant under the Commodity
Exchange Act or any regulations promulgated thereunder and can cause another person to qualify as an eligible contract participant at such time by entering into a keepwell under Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange
Act. 

Qualified Plan means a Benefit Arrangement that is intended to be
tax-qualified under Section 401(a) of the Internal Revenue Code. 

Rating
Agency means S&P or Moodys. 

Recipient means (a) the Administrative Agent and (b) any
Lender, as applicable. 

25 

Recourse Indebtedness means, with respect to a Person, any Indebtedness
other than Indebtedness for borrowed money in respect of which recourse for payment (except for customary exceptions for fraud, misapplication of funds, environmental indemnities, voluntary bankruptcy, collusive involuntary bankruptcy and other
similar customary exceptions to nonrecourse liability) is contractually limited to specific assets of such Person encumbered by a Lien securing such Indebtedness. 

Register has the meaning given that term in Section 12.6.(c). 

Regulatory Change means, with respect to any Lender, any change effective after the Agreement Date in Applicable Law
(including without limitation, Regulation D of the FRB) or the adoption or making after such date of any interpretation, directive or request applying to a class of banks, including such Lender, of or under any Applicable Law (whether or not having
the force of law and whether or not failure to comply therewith would be unlawful) by any Governmental Authority or monetary authority charged with the interpretation, implementation or administration thereof or compliance by any Lender with any
request or directive regarding capital adequacy. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (a) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, regulations, guidelines, interpretations or directives
thereunder or issued in connection therewith (whether or not having the force of law and whether or not failure to comply therewith would be unlawful) and (b) all requests, rules, regulations, guidelines, interpretations or directives
promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities (whether or not having the force of law and whether or
not failure to comply therewith would be unlawful), in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Regulatory Change, regardless of the date enacted, adopted, promulgated, implemented or issued. 

REIT means a Person qualifying for treatment as a real estate investment trust under the Internal Revenue Code.

Related Parties means, with respect to any Person, such Persons Affiliates and the partners, directors,
officers, employees, agents and advisors of such Person and of such Persons Affiliates. 

Relevant Governmental
Body means the FRB or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the FRB or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto. 

Requisite Lenders means, as of any date, Lenders having more than 50.0% of the sum of (a) the aggregate amount of the
Commitments (if any) and (b) the principal amount of the aggregate outstanding Loans; provided that in determining such percentage at any given time, all then existing Defaulting Lenders will be disregarded and excluded; provided, further, that
at all times when two or more Lenders (excluding Defaulting Lenders) are party to this Agreement, the term Requisite Lenders shall in no event mean less than two unaffiliated Lenders. 

Requisite Term A Loan Lenders means, as of any date, Term A Loan Lenders holding more than 50.0% of the aggregate amount of
the principal amount of the aggregate outstanding Term A Loans; provided that in determining such percentage at any given time, all then existing Defaulting Lenders will be disregarded and excluded; provided, further, that at all times when two
or more Term A Loan Lenders (excluding Defaulting Lenders) are party to this Agreement, the term Requisite Term A Loan Lenders shall in no event mean less than two Term A Loan Lenders. 

26 

Requisite Term B Loan Lenders means, as of any date, Term B Loan Lenders
holding more than 50.0% of the sum of (a) the aggregate amount of the Commitments (if any) and (b) the principal amount of the aggregate outstanding Term B Loans; provided that in determining such percentage at any given time, all then
existing Defaulting Lenders will be disregarded and excluded; provided, further, that at all times when two or more Term B Loan Lenders (excluding Defaulting Lenders) are party to this Agreement, the term Requisite Term B Loan Lenders
shall in no event mean less than two Term B Loan Lenders. 

Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or,
with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 

Responsible Officer means with respect to the
Borrower Representative or any Subsidiary, the chief executive officer, the chief financial officer, the treasurer or the chief operating officer of the Borrower Representative or such Subsidiary and, solely in the case of the Borrower
Representative, the chief accounting officer of the Borrower Representative. 

Restricted Payment means (a) any
dividend or other distribution, direct or indirect, on account of any Equity Interest of the Borrower Representative or any of its Subsidiaries now or hereafter outstanding, except a dividend payable solely in shares of that class of Equity
Interests to the holders of that class; (b) any redemption, conversion, exchange, retirement, sinking fund or similar payment, purchase or other acquisition for value, direct or indirect, of any shares of any Equity Interest of the Borrower
Representative or any of its Subsidiaries now or hereafter outstanding; and (c) any payment made to retire, or to obtain the surrender of, any outstanding warrants, options or other rights to acquire any Equity Interests of the Borrower
Representative or any of its Subsidiaries now or hereafter outstanding. 

Retail Property means each Property listed on
Part I of Schedule 6.1.(f) hereto as a Retail Property and any other Property, a substantial use of which is the retail sale of goods and services, which may include a Property that is part of a Mixed-Use
Project. 

Revolver Credit Agreement means that certain Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as
October 5, 2022, by and among the Borrower Representative, the financial institutions party thereto as Lenders, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent thereunder, and the other parties thereto. 

S&P means S&P Global Ratings, a business unit of Standard & Poors Financial Services LLC, and any
successor thereto. 

Sanctioned Country means, at any time, a country, region or territory which is itself the subject
or target of any Sanctions (including, without limitation, at the time of this agreement, the Crimea, Zaporizhzhia and Kherson Regions of Ukraine, the so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic or Luhansk
Peoples Republic regions of Ukraine, Cuba, Iran, North Korea and Syria). 

Sanctioned Person means, at any time,
(a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by OFAC (including OFACs Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List and OFACs Consolidated
Non-SDN List), the U.S. Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European member state, His Majestys Treasury, Global Affairs Canada, or other relevant sanctions
authority, (b) any Person operating, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country, (c) any Person owned or controlled by, or acting or purporting to act for or on behalf of, directly or indirectly, any such Person or Persons described in
clauses (a) and (b), including a Person that is deemed by OFAC to be a Sanctions target based on the ownership of such legal entity by Sanctioned Person(s) or (d) any Person otherwise a target of Sanctions, including vessels and aircraft,
that are designated under any Sanctions program. 

27 

Sanctions means any and all economic or financial sanctions, sectoral
sanctions, secondary sanctions, trade embargoes and restrictions and anti-terrorism laws, including but not limited to those imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by the U.S. government (including those administered by OFAC or the U.S.
Department of State), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European member state, His Majestys Treasury, Canada, or other relevant sanctions authority in any jurisdiction in which (a) the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries or Affiliates is located or conducts business, (b) in which any of the proceeds of the Extensions of Credit will be used, or (c) from which repayment of the Extensions of Credit will be derived. 

Secured Indebtedness means, with respect to any Person, (a) all Indebtedness of such Person that is secured in any
manner by any Lien on any property plus (b) such Persons Ownership Share of the Secured Indebtedness of any of such Persons Unconsolidated Affiliates. 

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time, together with all rules and regulations
issued thereunder. 

Securities Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time,
together with all rules and regulations issued thereunder. 

Significant Subsidiary means any Subsidiary to which more
than $200,000,000 of Total Asset Value is attributable on an individual basis. 

Simple SOFR Adjustment means a
percentage equal to 0.10% per annum. 

Simple SOFR Determination Day has the meaning specified in the definition of
Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR. 

Simple SOFR Rate Day has the meaning given that term in the definition of the
term Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR. 

SOFR means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as
administered by the SOFR Administrator. 

SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor
administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 

SOFR Administrators Website means the website of the
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. 

SOFR Loan means any Daily Simple SOFR Loan or Term SOFR Loan. 

Solvent means, when used with respect to any Person, that (a) the fair value and the fair salable value of its assets
(excluding any Indebtedness due from any Affiliate of such Person) are each in excess of the fair valuation of its total liabilities (including all contingent liabilities computed at the amount which, in light of all facts and circumstances existing
at such time, represents the amount that could reasonably be expected to become an actual and matured liability); (b) such Person is able to pay its debts or other obligations in the ordinary course as they mature; and (c) such Person has
capital not unreasonably small to carry on its business and all business in which it proposes to be engaged. 

28 

Specified Derivatives Contract means any Derivatives Contract, together
with any Derivatives Support Document relating thereto, that is made or entered into at any time, or in effect at any time now or hereafter, whether as a result of an assignment or transfer or otherwise, between the Borrower Representative or any
Subsidiary of the Borrower Representative and any Specified Derivatives Provider. 

Specified Derivatives Obligations
means all indebtedness, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties of the Borrower Representative or its Subsidiaries under or in respect of any Specified Derivatives Contract, whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or not due,
liquidated or unliquidated, and whether or not evidenced by any written confirmation. 

Specified Derivatives Provider
means any Lender, or any Affiliate of a Lender that is a party to a Derivatives Contract at the time the Derivatives Contract is entered into. 

Stabilized Property means a property that is not a Development Property. 

Subsidiary means, for any Person, any corporation, partnership or other entity of which at least a majority of the
securities or other ownership interests having by the terms thereof ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors or other persons performing similar functions of such corporation, partnership or other entity (without regard to
the occurrence of any contingency) is at the time directly or indirectly owned or controlled by such Person or one or more Subsidiaries of such Person or by such Person and one or more Subsidiaries of such Person, and shall include all Persons the
accounts of which are consolidated with those of such Person pursuant to GAAP. 

Supported QFC has the meaning given
that term in Section 12.24. 

Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Guarantor, any obligation to pay or
perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 

Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding),
assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 

Term A Loan means a loan made by a Term A Loan Lender as described in Section 2.2.(a). 

Term A LoanLender means a Lender holding any Term A Loan. 

Term A Loan Note means a promissory note of the Borrowers substantially in the form of
Exhibit F-1, payable to a Term A Loan Lender or its registered assignees in a principal amount equal to the amount of such Term A Loan Lenders Term A Loan. 

Term B Loan means a loan made by a Term B Loan Lender as described in Section 2.2.(c). 

Term B LoanLender means a Lender having a Commitment or holding any Term B Loan. 

Term B Loan Note means a promissory note of the Borrowers substantially in the form of
Exhibit F-2, payable to a Term B Loan Lender or its registered assignees in a principal amount equal to the amount of such Term B Loan Lenders Term B Loans and its Commitment. 

29 

Term SOFRmeans, 

(a) for any calculation with respect to a Term SOFR Loan, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to the applicable Interest
Period on the day (such day, the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day) that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR
Administrator; provided, however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (Eastern time) on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a
Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government
Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government
Securities Business Days prior to such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day, and 

(b) for any calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan
on any day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor of one month on the day (such day, the Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day) that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day, as such rate is
published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided, however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (Eastern time) on any Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term
SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding
U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S.
Government Securities Business Days prior to such Base Rate SOFR Determination Day. 

Term SOFR Adjustment means a
percentage equal to 0.10% per annum. 

Term SOFR Administratormeans CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited
(CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion). 

Term SOFR Loan means any Loan bearing interest at a rate based on Adjusted Term SOFR (other than the Adjusted Term SOFR
component of the definition of Base Rate). 

Term SOFR Reference Rate means the forward-looking term rate
based on SOFR.

Total Asset Value means the sum of all of the following of the Borrower Representative and its
Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis determined in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis: (a) cash and cash equivalents, plus (b) with respect to each Stabilized Property owned by the Borrower Representative or any Subsidiary,
(i) EBITDA attributable to such Property for the most recently ended four consecutive fiscal quarter period (adjusted for acquisitions and dispositions) divided by (ii) the Capitalization Rate; plus (c) the GAAP book value of
Properties acquired during the most recently ended four quarter period, plus (d) Construction-in-Process, plus (e) the GAAP book value of accounts receivables
from tenants (limited to rent, common area maintenance fees, taxes, insurance and other reimbursable expenses collected in the normal course of business net of bad debt expense and adjusted to exclude the impact of straight lining), plus
(f) the GAAP book value of Unimproved Land, Mortgage Receivables and other promissory notes. The EBITDA attributable to each Stabilized Property for the most recently ended four consecutive fiscal quarter period cannot be less than zero.
Borrower Representatives Ownership Share of assets held by Unconsolidated Affiliates will be included in Total Asset Value calculations consistent with the above described treatment for wholly owned assets. For purposes of determining Total
Asset Value, EBITDA from Properties acquired or disposed of by the Borrower Representative and its 

30 

Subsidiaries during the period of determination shall be excluded from clause (b) above. In addition, to the extent (A) the amount of Total Asset Value attributable to Investments in
Unconsolidated Affiliates and other Persons that are not Subsidiaries and Investments in Subsidiaries that own Non-Controlled Properties would exceed 20.0% of Total Asset Value, such excess shall be excluded
from Total Asset Value, (B) the amount of Total Asset Value attributable to Mortgage Receivables would exceed 5.0% of Total Asset Value, such excess shall be excluded from Total Asset Value, (C) the amount of Total Asset Value attributable
to Construction-in-Process would exceed 20.0% of Total Asset Value, such excess shall be excluded from Total Asset Value, (D) the amount of Total Asset Value
attributable to Unimproved Land (calculated on the basis of acquisition cost) would exceed 5.0% of Total Asset Value, such excess shall be excluded from Total Asset Value, (E) the amount of Total Asset Value attributable to Investments in
Persons (other than Investments in Subsidiaries and Unconsolidated Affiliates) would exceed 5.0% of Total Asset Value, such excess shall be excluded from Total Asset Value, (F) the amount of Total Asset Value attributable to Hotel Properties
would exceed 2.5% of Total Asset Value, such excess shall be excluded form Total Asset Value and (G) the amount of Total Asset Value attributable to assets of the types referred to in the immediately preceding clauses (B) through (F) would
exceed 25.0% of Total Asset Value in the aggregate, such excess shall be excluded from Total Asset Value. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of clause (b) above for any Property which has ceased to be a Development Property in the
immediately preceding four fiscal quarter period, EBITDA for such Property shall be determined as (i) for the first full fiscal quarter after such Property ceases to be a Development Property, EBITDA attributable to such Property for such
fiscal quarter multiplied by 4, (ii) for the second full fiscal quarter after such Property ceases to be a Development Property, EBITDA attributable to such Property for such two fiscal quarter period multiplied by 2, (iii) for the third full fiscal
quarter after such Property ceases to be a Development Property, EBITDA attributable to such Property for such three fiscal quarter period multiplied by 4/3 and (iv) for each fiscal quarter thereafter, EBITDA attributable to such Property for
the most recently ended four consecutive fiscal quarters as provided in clause (b) above. 

Total Indebtedness
means (a) all Indebtedness of the Borrower Representative and its Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis plus (b) such Persons Ownership Share of the Indebtedness of the Borrower Representatives Unconsolidated
Affiliates. Notwithstanding the use of GAAP, the calculation of Total Indebtedness shall not include any fair value adjustments to the carrying value of liabilities to record such liabilities at fair value pursuant to electing the fair value option
election under FASB ASC 825-10-25 (formerly known as FAS 159, The Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities) or other FASB standards allowing
entities to elect fair value option for financial liabilities. 

Type with respect to any Loan, refers to whether such
Loan or portion thereof is a Daily Simple SOFR Loan, a Term SOFR Loan or a Base Rate Loan.

UCC means the
Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in any applicable jurisdiction. 

UK Financial Institution means any BRRD
Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any Person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time)
promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain Affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 

UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for
the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 

Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark
Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 

31 

Unconsolidated Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other
Person in whom such Person holds, either directly or indirectly through any of such Persons Subsidiaries, an Investment, which Investment is accounted for in the financial statements of such Person on an equity basis of accounting and whose
financial results would not be consolidated under GAAP with the financial results of such Person on the consolidated financial statements of such Person. 

Unencumbered Adjusted NOI means the aggregate Net Operating Income from each (i) Wholly Owned Property;
(ii) Controlled Property; and (iii) Non-Controlled Property all of which are Stabilized Properties and have been owned for the entire period and as adjusted for any
non-recurring items during the reporting period. The Unencumbered Adjusted NOI for each Property cannot be less than zero. 

Unencumbered Asset Value means (a) Unencumbered Adjusted NOI for the most recently ended four consecutive fiscal
quarter period divided by the Capitalization Rate, plus (b) the GAAP book value of all assets (other than assets otherwise included in clauses (c) and (d) below) acquired during the most recently ended four quarter period, which assets are
not subject to any Liens other than Permitted Liens (excluding Permitted Liens of the type described in clauses (g) and (h) of the definition thereof) or subject to any Negative Pledge, plus (c) the GAAP book value of Development
Properties that satisfy the requirements of clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of the term Eligible Property plus (d) unrestricted cash and cash equivalents in excess of $25,000,000 which are not subject to any Liens
(other than Permitted Liens of the type described in clause (a)(i) of the definition thereof) or subject to any Negative Pledge. For purposes of this definition, (A) to the extent that more than 25.0% of Unencumbered Asset Value would be
attributable to Controlled Properties, Non-Controlled Properties and Development Properties such excess shall be excluded, and (B) to the extent that more than 2.5% of Unencumbered Asset Value would be
attributable to Hotel Properties, such excess shall be excluded. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of clause (a) for any Property which has ceased to be a Development Property in the immediately preceding four fiscal quarter period,
Unencumbered Adjusted NOI attributable to such Property shall be determined as (i) for the first full fiscal quarter after such Property ceases to be a Development Property, Unencumbered Adjusted NOI attributable to such Property for such
fiscal quarter multiplied by 4, (ii) for the second full fiscal quarter after such Property ceases to be a Development Property, Unencumbered Adjusted NOI attributable to such Property for such two fiscal quarter period multiplied by 2, (iii) for
the third full fiscal quarter after such Property ceases to be a Development Property, Unencumbered Adjusted NOI attributable to such Property for such three fiscal quarter period multiplied by 4/3 and (iv) for each fiscal quarter thereafter,
Unencumbered Adjusted NOI attributable to such Property for the most recently ended four consecutive fiscal quarters as provided in clause (a) above. 

Unimproved Land means land on which no development (other than paving or other improvements that are not material and are
temporary in nature) has occurred and for which no development is planned in the following 12 months. 

Unsecured
Indebtedness means Total Indebtedness which is not Secured Indebtedness. Indebtedness that is secured solely by Equity Interests and is recourse to the Borrower Representative or its Subsidiaries shall be considered to be Unsecured
Indebtedness. 

U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (a) a Saturday, (b) a Sunday
or (c) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities;
provided, that for purposes of notice requirements in Sections 2.2.(d)., , 2.8., 2.9. and 2.10., in each case, such day is also a Business Day. 

32 

U.S. Person means any Person that is a United States Person
as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Internal Revenue Code. 

U.S. Special Resolution Regimes has the meaning
given that term in Section 12.24. 

U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 3.10.(g)(ii)(B)(III). 

Wholly Owned Property means an Eligible Property which is wholly owned in fee
simple (or leased under a Ground Lease) by only the Borrower Representative or a Wholly Owned Subsidiary. 

Wholly Owned
Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of a Person in respect of which all of the Equity Interests (other than, in the case of a corporation, directors qualifying shares) are at the time directly or indirectly owned or controlled by such
Person or one or more other Subsidiaries of such Person or by such Person and one or more other Subsidiaries of such Person. 

Withdrawal Liability means any liability as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from a Multiemployer Plan as such
terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA. 

Withholding Agent means (a) the
Borrower, (b) any other Loan Party and (c) the Administrative Agent, as applicable. 

Write-Down and Conversion
Powers means (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the
applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable
Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises,
to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of such Person or any other Person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any
obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 

Section 1.2. General; References to Eastern Time. 

Unless otherwise indicated, all accounting terms, ratios and measurements shall be interpreted or determined in accordance with GAAP from time
to time; provided that, if at any time any change in GAAP would affect the computation of any financial ratio or requirement set forth in any Loan Document, and either the Borrower or the Requisite Lenders shall so request, the Administrative Agent,
the Lenders and the Borrower shall negotiate in good faith to amend such ratio or requirement to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP (subject to the approval of the Requisite Lenders); provided further that, until so
amended, (i) such ratio or requirement shall continue to be computed in accordance with GAAP prior to such change therein and (ii) the Borrower shall provide to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders financial statements and other
documents required under this Agreement or as reasonably requested hereunder setting forth a reconciliation between calculations of such ratio or requirement made before and after giving effect to such change in GAAP. Notwithstanding the preceding
sentence, (i) the calculation of liabilities shall not include any fair value adjustments to the carrying value of liabilities to record such liabilities at fair value pursuant to electing the fair value option election under FASB ASC 825-10-25 (formerly known as FAS 159, The Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities) or other FASB standards allowing entities to elect fair value
option for financial liabilities and (ii) all accounting terms, ratios and calculations shall be determined without giving effect to Accounting Standards 

33 

Codification 842 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) (and related interpretations) to the extent any lease where
the Borrower Representative or a Subsidiary is the lessee (or similar arrangement conveying the right to use) would be required to be treated as a finance or operating lease thereunder where such lease (or similar arrangement) would have been
treated as an operating lease under GAAP as in effect immediately prior to the effectiveness of the Accounting Standards Codification 842, provided that the Borrower shall provide to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders financial statements and
other documents required under this Agreement or as reasonably requested hereunder setting forth a reconciliation between calculations of such ratio or requirement made in accordance with GAAP and made without giving effect to Accounting Standards
Codification 842. References in this Agreement to Sections, Articles, Exhibits and Schedules are to sections, articles, exhibits and schedules herein and hereto unless otherwise indicated. Any
definition or reference to any Applicable Law, including, without limitation, Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws, the Bankruptcy Code, the Code, the Commodity Exchange Act, ERISA, the Exchange Act, the PATRIOT Act, the Securities Act,
the UCC, the Investment Company Act, the Interstate Commerce Act or any of the foreign assets control regulations of the United States Treasury Department, shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing,
supplementing or interpreting such Applicable Law. References in this Agreement to any document, instrument or agreement (a) shall include all exhibits, schedules and other attachments thereto, (b) shall include all documents, instruments
or agreements issued or executed in replacement thereof, to the extent permitted hereby and (c) shall mean such document, instrument or agreement, or replacement or predecessor thereto, as amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise modified
from time to time to the extent not otherwise stated herein or prohibited hereby and in effect at any given time. Wherever from the context it appears appropriate, each term stated in either the singular or plural shall include the singular and
plural, and pronouns stated in the masculine, feminine or neuter gender shall include the masculine, the feminine and the neuter. Whenever reference is made to Borrowers knowledge or awareness, or a similar qualification, knowledge or
awareness means the actual knowledge of Borrowers Responsible Officers after reasonable investigation and consultation with Borrowers regional chief operating officers. Unless explicitly set forth to the contrary, a reference to
Subsidiary means a Subsidiary of the Borrower Representative or a Subsidiary of such Subsidiary, a reference to an Affiliate means a reference to an Affiliate of the Borrower Representative and a reference to an
Unconsolidated Affiliate means an Unconsolidated Affiliate of the Borrower Representative. Titles and captions of Articles, Sections, subsections and clauses in this Agreement are for convenience only, and neither limit nor amplify the
provisions of this Agreement. Unless otherwise indicated, all references to time are references to Eastern time. 

Section 1.3. Financial
Attributes of Non-Wholly Owned Subsidiaries and Calculation of Financial Covenants in Certain Circumstances. 

(a) Except as expressly set forth herein, when determining compliance by the Borrower with any financial covenant contained in any of the Loan
Documents only the Ownership Share of the Borrower Representative of the financial attributes of a Subsidiary that is not a Wholly Owned Subsidiary shall be included. 

(b) In the event (x) the assets of the Parent consist of assets not described in clauses (A) (C) of Section 9.14(a) or
(y) the liabilities of the Parent, the General Partner or any wholly owned subsidiary of the Parent whose assets consist solely of direct or indirect Equity Interests in the Borrower Representative, include liabilities not described in clauses
(1) (7) of Section 9.14(b), such that the Parent shall be required to become a Guarantor hereunder, then for purposes of the financial covenants set forth in Section 9.1(excluding clause (i) of that Section), the definitions
contained therein (including for the avoidance of doubt the definitions of Adjusted EBITDA, Fixed Charges, Total Asset Value, Total Indebtedness Secured Indebtedness, Unencumbered
Asset Value, and Unsecured Indebtedness (including the defined terms incorporated into each such term)) and Section 1.3(a), all references to the Borrower or Borrower Representative shall be deemed to be references to the
Parent such that the financial covenants shall be calculated at the level of the Parent and its Subsidiaries. 

34 

Section 1.4. Rates. 

The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, (a) the
continuation of, administration of, submission of, calculation of or any other matter related to Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR, SOFR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR or Term SOFR, or any component definition thereof or rates referred
to in the definition thereof, or with respect to any alternative, successor or replacement rate thereto (including any Benchmark Replacement), including whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement
rate (including any Benchmark Replacement), as it may or may not be adjusted pursuant to Section 4.2.(b), will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, or have the same volume or liquidity as,
Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR, SOFR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, Term SOFR or any other Benchmark prior to its discontinuance or unavailability, or (b) the effect, implementation or composition of any Conforming Changes. The
Administrative Agent and its Affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR, SOFR, Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, or Term SOFR, any alternative, successor or
replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) or any relevant adjustments thereto and such transactions may be adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to
ascertain Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR, SOFR, Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR or Term SOFR, or any other Benchmark, any component definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of
this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether
in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 

Section 1.5. Divisions. 

For all
purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdictions laws): (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes
the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed
to have been organized on the first date of its existence by the holders of its equity interests at such time. 

ARTICLE
II. CREDIT FACILITY

Section 2.1. FRIT San Jose Joinder. 

FRIT San Jose by its signature to this Agreement shall become a Borrower under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents with the
same force and effect as if originally named as a Borrower in the Existing Credit Agreement, and FRIT San Jose hereby (a) agrees to all the terms and provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents applicable to it as a
Borrower thereunder, and (b) acknowledges, agrees and confirms that, by its execution of this Agreement, subject to the terms hereof and thereof, it will be deemed to be a Borrower for all purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents
and shall have all of the rights, benefits, duties and obligations of a Borrower thereunder. FRIT San Jose and the Borrower Representative acknowledge that the Obligations are the joint and several responsibility of each of them pursuant to
Section 2.15 hereof and that the Borrower Representative may act as agent for each Borrower as provided in Section 2.16 hereof. 

35 

Section 2.2. Loans. 

(a) Term A Loans. The Lenders under the Existing Credit Agreement made Loans to the Borrower Representative
under the Existing Credit Agreement. The Borrower hereby agrees and acknowledges that as of the Effective Date, the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Loans is $600,000,000 and shall continue hereunder and for all purposes
hereunder shall constitute and be referred to as the Term A Loans hereunder, without constituting a novation, but in all cases subject to the terms and conditions applicable to Term A Loans hereunder. The Borrower and the Lenders acknowledge and
agree that the principal amount of such Term A Loan held by each Term A Loan Lender as of the Effective Date is set forth on Schedule I opposite the name of such Term A Loan Lender as such Term A Loan Lenders Term A Loan Amount.
Once repaid, the principal amount of the Term A Loans (or any portion thereof) may not be reborrowed. 

(b) Reallocation on the
Effective Date. Each of the parties to this Agreement agree that, simultaneously with the effectiveness of this Agreement, the principal amount of all outstanding Loans of each of the Lenders under the Existing Credit
Agreement immediately prior to the Effective Date, shall be reallocated among the Term A Loan Lenders so that the Term A Loans are held by the Term A Loan Lenders as set forth on Schedule I attached hereto. To effect such reallocations each Term A
Loan Lender who either was not a Lender under the Existing Credit Agreement immediately prior to the effectiveness of this Agreement or whose outstanding principal amount of its Term A Loan upon the effectiveness of this Agreement
exceeds the outstanding principal amount of its Loan under the Existing Credit Agreement immediately prior to the effectiveness of this Agreement (each an Assignee TLA Lender) shall be deemed to have purchased all
right, title and interest in, and all obligations in respect of, the Loans from the Lenders under the Existing Credit Agreement who will not have a Term A Loan on and as of the Effective Date or whose Term A Loan upon the
effectiveness of this Agreement is less than their respective Loans under the Existing Credit Agreement immediately prior to the effectiveness of this Agreement (each an Assignor TLA Lender), so that the Term A Loans
of the Term A Loan Lenders will be held by the Term A Loan Lenders as set forth on Schedule I. Such purchases shall be deemed to have been effected by way of, and subject to the terms and conditions of, an Assignment and Assumption without the
payment of any related assignment fee, and, except for Notes to be provided to the Assignor TLA Lenders and Assignee TLA Lenders in the principal amount of their respective Term A Loans, and subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the
Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 12.6.(c), no other documents or instruments shall be, or shall be required to be, executed in connection with such assignments (all of which are hereby waived). The Assignor TLA Lenders, the Assignee TLA
Lenders and the other Lenders shall make such cash settlements among themselves, through the Administrative Agent, as the Administrative Agent may direct with respect to such reallocations and assignments so that the aggregate outstanding principal
amount of Term A Loans shall be held by the Term A Loan Lenders pro rata in accordance with the amount of each such Term A Loan Lenders Term A Loan Amount set forth on Schedule I. 

(c) Term B Loans. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, each Term B Loan Lender severally and not jointly
agrees to make Term B Loans to the Borrower during the Availability Period, in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding up to, but not exceeding, such Term B Loan Lenders Commitment. There shall be no more than three
(3) separate borrowings of Term B Loans and each borrowing shall be in an aggregate minimum amount of $25,000,000 and integral multiples of $5,000,000 in excess thereof; provided, that a borrowing may be in the aggregate amount of the remaining
Commitments. Upon a Term B Loan Lender making its Term B Loan, the Commitment of such Term B Loan Lender shall be permanently reduced by the principal amount of such Term B Loan. Any portion of a Term B Loan made under this Section 2.2(c) and
repaid or prepaid may not be reborrowed. All undrawn Commitments shall terminate at 5:00 pm on the Availability Termination Date if not previously terminated pursuant to this Agreement. 

36 

(d) Requests for Term B Loans. Not later than 2:00 p.m. Eastern time at least three
(3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to a borrowing of Term B Loans, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a Notice of Borrowing. Each Notice of Borrowing shall specify the aggregate principal amount of the Term B
Loans to be borrowed, the date such Term B Loans are to be borrowed (which must be a U.S. Government Securities Business Day), the Type of the requested Term B Loans, and if such Term B Loans are to be Term SOFR Loans, the initial Interest Period
for such Term B Loans. Each Notice of Borrowing shall be irrevocable once given and binding on the Borrower. Prior to delivering a Notice of Borrowing, the Borrower may (without specifying whether a Loan will be a Base Rate Loan, a Daily Simple SOFR
Loan or a Term SOFR Loan) request that the Administrative Agent provide the Borrower with the most recent Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR or Adjusted Term SOFR available to the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall provide such non-binding quoted rate to the Borrower on the date of such request or as soon as possible thereafter; provided that such quoted rate shall be as of the time of the quote provided and any rate applicable to Loans
made hereunder shall be the rate calculated in accordance with the terms hereof. 

(e) Funding of Term B Loans. Promptly after
receipt of a Notice of Borrowing under the immediately preceding subsection (d),the Administrative Agent shall notify each Term B Loan Lender of the proposed borrowing. Each Term B Loan Lender shall deposit an amount equal to the Term B Loan
to be made by such Term B Loan Lender to the Borrower with the Administrative Agent at the Principal Office, in immediately available funds not later than 11:00 a.m. Eastern time on the date of such proposed Term B Loans. Subject to fulfillment of
all applicable conditions set forth herein, the Administrative Agent shall make available to the Borrower in the account specified in the Disbursement Instruction Agreement, not later than 12:00 p.m. Eastern time on the date of the requested
borrowing of Term B Loans, the proceeds of such amounts received by the Administrative Agent. 

(f) Assumptions Regarding Funding by
Lenders. Unless the Administrative Agent shall have been notified by any Term B Loan Lender that such Term B Loan Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent the Term B Loan to be made by such Term B Loan Lender in connection with
any borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Term B Loan Lender will make the proceeds of such Term B Loan available to the Administrative Agent in accordance with this Section, and the Administrative Agent may (but shall not be
obligated to), in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower the amount of such Term B Loan to be provided by such Term B Loan Lender. If the Administrative Agent makes the amount of such Term B Loan available to the Borrower
prior to its receipt of any proceeds of Term B Loans by any Term B Loan Lender, then if such Term B Loan Lender has not funded its Term B Loan prior to the time set forth therefor in clause (e) above, the Administrative Agent shall use
reasonable efforts to notify the Borrower that such Term B Loan Lender has failed to fund by the time required therefore; provided, however, that the Administrative Agents failure to provide such notice shall not result in any liability to the
Administrative Agent and shall not affect any other provision set forth herein. In such event, if such Term B Loan Lender does not make available to the Administrative Agent the proceeds of such Term B Loan, then such Term B Loan Lender and the
Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent on demand the amount of such Loan with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such Term B Loan is made available to the Borrower but excluding the date of payment to the
Administrative Agent, at (i) in the case of a payment to be made by such Term B Loan Lender, the Federal Funds Rate and (ii) in the case of a payment to be made by the Borrower, the interest rate applicable to Base Rate Loans.
Notwithstanding the prior sentence, if any Term B Loan Lender shall fail to make available to the Administrative Agent the proceeds of the Term B Loan on the date and at the time specified in Section 2.2.(e) but shall make such proceeds
available to the Administrative Agent at a later time on such date, such Term B Loan Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent one days worth of interest computed in accordance with clause (i) of the immediately preceding sentence,
unless such Term B Loan Lender can provide evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that such Term B 

37 

Loan Lender has timely made such proceeds available to the Administrative Agent, including, without limitation, a Fed Reference Number screen shot evidencing the date and time such Term B Loan
Lenders wire was sent. If the Borrower and such Term B Loan Lender shall pay the amount of such interest to the Administrative Agent for the same or overlapping period, the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to the Borrower the amount
of such interest paid by the Borrower for such period. If such Term B Loan Lender pays to the Administrative Agent the amount of such Term B Loan, the amount so paid shall constitute such Term B Loan Lenders Term B Loan included in the
borrowing. Any payment by the Borrower shall be without prejudice to any claim the Borrower may have against a Term B Loan Lender that shall have failed to make available the proceeds of the Term B Loan to be made by such Term B Loan Lender. 

Section 2.3. [Intentionally Omitted]. 

Section 2.4. [Intentionally Omitted]. 

Section 2.5. Rates and Payment of Interest on Loans. 

(a) Rates. The Borrower promises to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender interest on the unpaid principal
amount of the Loan made by such Lender for the period from and including the date of the making of such Loan to but excluding the date such Loan shall be paid in full, at the following per annum rates: 

(i) during such periods as such Loan is a Base Rate Loan, at the Base Rate (as in effect from time to time), plus the
Applicable Margin for Base Rate Loans; 

(ii) during such periods as such Loan is a Daily Simple SOFR Loan, at Adjusted
Daily Simple SOFR (as in effect from time to time), plus the Applicable Margin for SOFR Loans; and 

(iii) during such
periods as such Loan is a Term SOFR Loan, at Adjusted Term SOFR for such Loan for the Interest Period therefor, plus the Applicable Margin for SOFR Loans. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, while an Event of Default exists, the Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender, interest
at the Post-Default Rate on the outstanding principal amount of the Loan made by such Lender, and on any other amount payable by the Borrower hereunder or under the Note held by such Lender to or for the account of such Lender (including without
limitation, accrued but unpaid interest to the extent permitted under Applicable Law). 

(b) Payment of Interest. All accrued and
unpaid interest on the outstanding principal amount of each Loan shall be payable (i) monthly in arrears on the first day of each month, commencing with the first full calendar month occurring after the Effective Date and (ii) on any date
on which the principal balance of such Loan is due and payable in full (whether at maturity, due to acceleration or otherwise). Interest payable at the Post-Default Rate shall be payable from time to time on demand. Promptly after the determination
of any interest rate provided for herein or any change therein, the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the Lenders to which such interest is payable and to the Borrower. All determinations by the Administrative Agent of an interest
rate hereunder shall be conclusive and binding on the Lenders and the Borrower for all purposes, absent manifest error. 

38 

(c) Borrower Information Used to Determine Applicable Interest Rates. 

(i) The parties understand that the applicable interest rate for the Obligations and certain fees set forth herein may be
determined and/or adjusted from time to time based upon certain financial ratios and/or other information to be provided or certified to the Lenders by the Borrower (the Borrower Information). If it is subsequently determined that
any such Borrower Information was incorrect (for whatever reason, including without limitation because of a subsequent restatement of earnings by the Borrower) at the time it was delivered to the Administrative Agent, and if the applicable interest
rate or fees calculated for any period were lower than they should have been had the correct information been timely provided, then, suchinterest rate and such fees for such period shall be automatically recalculated using correct Borrower
Information. 

(ii) In the event the Borrower Representatives Credit Rating from one or more Rating Agency is
downgraded and such downgrade results in an increase in the Applicable Margin, but such higher Credit Rating is subsequently restored and the increased Applicable Margin would no longer be applicable within 90 days from the first day such downgrade
was effective, the Borrower will receive a credit for incremental borrowing costs and fees paid by the Borrower during such 90 day period solely as a result of the downgrade and increase in the Applicable Margin. Additionally, in the event the
Borrower Representatives Credit Rating from one or more Rating Agency is upgraded and such upgrade results in a decrease in the Applicable Margin, but such lower Credit Rating is subsequently restored and the decreased Applicable Margin would
no longer be applicable within 90 days from the first day such upgrade was effective, the Borrower will pay the incremental borrowing costs and fees which would have otherwise been payable during such 90 day period had the upgrade not occurred. 

(iii) The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower in writing of any additional interest and fees due or of any
interest and fees credited because of such recalculation or changed Credit Rating, and, to the extent additional fees and interest are due, the Borrower shall pay such additional interest or fees due to the Administrative Agent, for the account of
each Lender, within five (5) Business Days of receipt of such written notice. Any recalculation of interest or feesrequired by this Section 2.5.(c) shall survive the termination of this Agreement, and this provision shall not in
any way limit any of the Administrative Agents or any Lenders other rights under this Agreement. 

Section 2.6. Number of Interest
Periods. 

There may be no more than three (3) different Interest Periods for Loans outstanding at the same time. 

Section 2.7. Repayment of Loans. 

The Borrower shall repay the entire outstanding principal amount of, and all accrued but unpaid interest on, the Loans on the Maturity Date.

Section 2.8. Optional Prepayments. 

Subject to Section 4.4., the Borrower may prepay any Loan in whole or part at any time without premium or penalty. The Borrower shall give
the Administrative Agent at least one (1) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior written notice of the prepayment of any Loan. Each voluntary prepayment of Loans shall be in an aggregate minimum amount of $1,000,000 and integral
multiples of $100,000 in excess thereof (or, if less, the aggregate principal amount of such Class of Loans then outstanding). 

39 

Section 2.9. Continuation. 

So long as no Event of Default exists, the Borrower may on any Business Day, continue any (x) Daily Simple SOFR Loans as Daily Simple SOFR
Loans or (y) Term SOFR Loans as Term SOFR Loans. Each Continuation of SOFR Loans of the same Class shall be in an aggregate minimum amount of $1,000,000 and integral multiples of $1,000,000 in excess of that amount, and, with respect to
Term SOFR Loans, each new Interest Period selected in the Notice of Continuation shall commence on the last day of the immediately preceding Interest Period. Whenever the Borrower desires to continue Term SOFR Loans as provided above, the Borrower
shall give to the Administrative Agent a Notice of Continuation not later than 12:00 p.m. noon Eastern time three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days before the day on which a proposed Continuation of such Loan is to be effective.
Such notice by the Borrower of a Continuation shall be by telephone (confirmed promptly in writing on the same Business Day), electronic mail or other similar form of communication in the form of a Notice of Continuation, specifying (a) the
proposed date of such Continuation, (b) the Loans and portions thereof subject to such Continuation and (c) the duration of the selected Interest Period, all of which shall be specified in such manner as is necessary to comply with all
limitations on Loans outstanding hereunder. Each Notice of Continuation shall be irrevocable by and binding on the Borrower once given. Promptly after receipt of a Notice of Continuation, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the
proposed Continuation. If the Borrower shall fail to select in a timely manner a new Interest Period for any Term SOFR Loan in accordance with this Section, such Loan will automatically, on the last day of the current Interest Period therefor,
continue as a Term SOFR Loan with an Interest Period of one month; provided, however that if an Event of Default exists, such Loan will automatically, on the last day of the current Interest Period therefor, Convert into a Base Rate Loan
notwithstanding the first sentence of Section 2.10. or the Borrowers failure to comply with any of the terms of such Section. 

Section 2.10. Conversion. 

The
Borrower may on any Business Day, upon the Borrowers giving of a Notice of Conversion to the Administrative Agent by electronic mail or other similar form of communication, Convert all or a portion of a Loan of one Type into a Loan of another
Type; provided, however, a Base Rate Loan may not be Converted into a SOFR Loan if an Event of Default exists. Each Conversion of Base Rate Loans of the same Class into Term SOFR Loans or Daily Simple SOFR Loans, as applicable, shall be in an
aggregate minimum amount of $1,000,000 and integral multiples of $1,000,000 in excess of that amount. Each such Notice of Conversion shall be given not later than 12:00 p.m. noon Eastern time (x) with respect to Loans that are to be
Converted to Base Rate Loans, one (1) Business Day, (y) with respect to Loans that are to be converted to Daily Simple SOFR Loans, one (1) U.S. Government Securities Business Day and (z) with respect to Loans that are to be
converted to Term SOFR Loans, three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days, in each case prior to the date of any proposed Conversion. Promptly after receipt of a Notice of Conversion, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of
the proposed Conversion. Subject to the restrictions specified above, each Notice of Conversion shall be by telephone, (confirmed promptly in writing on the same Business Day or U.S. Government Securities Business Day, as applicable), electronic
mail or other similar form of communication in the form of a Notice of Conversion specifying (a) the requested date of such Conversion, (b) the Type of Loan to be Converted, (c) the portion of such Type and Class of Loan to be
Converted, (d) the Type of Loan such Loan is to be Converted into and (e) if such Conversion is into a Term SOFR Loan, the requested duration of the Interest Period of such Loan. Each Notice of Conversion shall be irrevocable by and
binding on the Borrower once given. If the Borrower requests a Conversion to a Term SOFR Loan, but fails to specify an Interest Period, it will be deemed to have specified an Interest Period of one month. 

40 

Section 2.11. Notes. 

(a) Notes. Except in the case of a Lender that has notified the Administrative Agent in writing that it elects not to receive a Note,
the Loans made by each Lender shall, in addition to this Agreement, also be evidenced by a Note, payable to the order of such Lender in a principal amount equal to the amount of its Loans and Commitment as originally in effect and otherwise duly
completed (or, if such Lender was not a Lender on the Effective Date, in a principal amount equal to the initial principal amount of the Loans and Commitment of such Lender). 

(b) Records. The date, amount, interest rate, Class, Type and duration of Interest Periods (if applicable) of the Loan made by each
Lender to the Borrower, and each payment made on account of the principal thereof, shall be recorded by such Lender on its books and such entries shall be binding on the Borrower absent manifest error; provided, however, that (i) the failure of
a Lender to make any such record shall not affect the obligations of the Borrower under any of the Loan Documents and (ii) if there is a discrepancy between such records of a Lender and the statements of accounts maintained by the
Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 3.8., in the absence of manifest error, the statements of account maintained by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 3.8. shall be controlling. 

(c) Lost, Stolen, Destroyed or Mutilated Notes. Upon receipt by the Borrower of (i) written notice from a Lender that the Note of
such Lender has been lost, stolen, destroyed or mutilated, and (ii)(A) in the case of loss, theft or destruction, an unsecured agreement of indemnity from such Lender in form reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower, or (B) in the case of
mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of such Note, the Borrower shall at its own expense execute and deliver to such Lender a new Note dated the date of such lost, stolen, destroyed or mutilated Note. 

Section 2.12. Voluntary Reductions of the Commitments. 

The Borrower shall have the right to terminate or reduce the aggregate unused amount of the Commitments at any time and from time to time
without penalty or premium upon not less than 5 Business Days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent of each such termination or reduction, which notice shall specify the effective date thereof and the amount of any such reduction (which
in the case of any partial reduction of the Commitments shall not be less than $5,000,000 and integral multiples of $1,000,000 in excess of that amount in the aggregate) and shall be irrevocable once given and effective only upon receipt by the
Administrative Agent (Commitment Reduction Notice); provided, however, the Borrower may not reduce the aggregate amount of the Commitments below $20,000,000 unless the Borrower is terminating the Commitments in full. Promptly
after receipt of a Commitment Reduction Notice the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the proposed termination or Commitment reduction. The Commitments, once reduced or terminated pursuant to this Section, may not be increased or
reinstated. The Borrower shall pay all fees on the Term B Loans accrued to the date of such reduction or termination of the Commitments to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders. 

Section 2.13. Extension of Maturity Date. 

The Borrower shall have the right, exercisable two times, to extend the Maturity Date by twelve months. The Borrower may exercise such right
only by executing and delivering to the Administrative Agent at least 30 days but not more than 90 days prior to the Maturity Date, a written request for such extension (an Extension Request). The Administrative Agent shall notify
the Lenders if it receives an Extension Request promptly upon receipt thereof. Subject to satisfaction of the following conditions, the Maturity Date shall be extended for twelve months effective upon receipt by the Administrative Agent of the
Extension Request and payment of the fee referred to in the following clause (y): (x) immediately prior to such extension and immediately after giving effect thereto, (A) no Default or Event of Default shall exist

41 

and (B) the representations and warranties made or deemed made by the Borrower and each other Loan Party in the Loan Documents to which any of them is a party, shall be true and correct in
all material respects (or, to the extent qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) on and as of the date of such extension with the same force and effect as if made on and as of such date except to the extent that such
representations and warranties expressly relate solely to an earlier date (in which case such representations and warranties shall have been true and correct in all material respects (or, to the extent qualified by materiality or Material Adverse
Effect, in all respects) on and as of such earlier date) and except for changes in factual circumstances which are not prohibited under the Loan Documents and (y) the Borrower shall have paid the Fees payable under Section 3.5(c) on or
before the effective date of the applicable extension. Any extension shall constitute certification by the Borrower to the effect that the matters referred to in the immediately preceding clauses (x)(A) and (x)(B) are true and correct and the
Borrower shall be deemed to have represented to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that the foregoing conditions have been satisfied. 

Section 2.14. Additional Term Loans. 

The Borrower shall have the right, at any time and from time to time, to request the making of additional Loans (Additional
Loans) which are either Term A Loans or Term B Loans by providing written notice to the Administrative Agent, which notice shall be irrevocable once given; provided, however, that after giving effect to the making of any
Additional Loans the aggregate outstanding amount of the Loans shall not exceed $1,000,000,000 minus the amount of any optional prepayments of the Loans pursuant to Section 2.8. Additional Loans shall be on the same terms and conditions of this
Agreement that are applicable to all other Term A Loans or Term B Loans, as the case may be. Each such request to make Additional Loans must be in a minimum amount of $25,000,000 and integral multiples of $5,000,000 in excess thereof. If the request
is approved by the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Borrower Representative, shall manage all aspects of the syndication of such Additional Loans, including decisions as to the selection of the existing
Lenders and/or other banks, financial institutions and other institutional lenders to be approached with respect to such increase and the allocations of the Additional Loans among such existing Lenders and/or other banks, financial institutions and
other institutional lenders; provided that any such other banks, financial institutions and other institutional lenders and the amounts of the respective increases and the allocations of such Additional Loans, as the case may be, shall be reasonably
acceptable to the Borrower Representative. No Lender shall be obligated in any way whatsoever to make Additional Loans, and any new Lender becoming a party to this Agreement in connection with any such requested Additional Loans must be an Eligible
Assignee. In connection with the making of any Additional Loans under this Section, (I) the Borrower shall certify to any Person to become a Lender or any Lender making Additional Loans that (x) no Default or Event of Default is in
existence on the effective date of such increase and (y) the representations and warranties made or deemed made by the Borrower and each other Loan Party in any Loan Document to which such Loan Party is a party are true and correct on the
effective date of such increase except to the extent that such representations and warranties expressly relate solely to an earlier date (in which case whether such representations and warranties are true and correct on and as of such earlier date)
and except for changes in factual circumstances not prohibited hereunder, and (II) the Administrative Agent shall have received each of the following, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent: (i) if not
previously delivered to the Administrative Agent, copies (certified by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of the Borrower Representative) of (A) all corporate, partnership, member or other necessary action taken by the Borrower to authorize
such Additional Loans and (B) all corporate, partnership, member or other necessary action taken by each Guarantor authorizing the guaranty of such increase; and (ii) an opinion of counsel to the Borrower and the Guarantors, and addressed
to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders covering such matters as reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent; and (iii) new Notes executed by the Borrower, payable to any new Lenders and replacement Notes executed by the Borrower,
payable to any existing Lenders providing Additional Loans, in the amount of each such Lenders Loans at the time of the effectiveness of the making of any Additional Loans. In connection with the making of any Additional Loans pursuant to this
Section 2.14. any Lender becoming a party hereto shall execute such documents and agreements as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request. 

42 

Section 2.15. Joint and Several Liability. 

(a) Each Borrower acknowledges and agrees that (i) it is a co-borrower hereunder and shall be
jointly and severally, with the other Borrower, directly and primarily liable for the Obligations regardless of which Borrower actually receives Loans or other extensions of credit hereunder or the amount of such Loans or other extensions of credit
received or the manner in which the Administrative Agent and/or any Lender accounts for such Loans or other extensions of credit on its books and records, (ii) each Borrower shall have the obligations of
co-maker with respect to each Note and shall be primary obligors with respect to all Loans and the other Obligations, it being agreed that such extensions of credit to each Borrower inure to the benefit of the
Borrower collectively, and (iii) the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders is relying on such joint and several liability of the collective Borrower as co-makers in extending the Loans hereunder.
Each Borrowers obligations with respect to Loans made to it and each Borrowers obligations arising as a result of the joint and several liability of the collective Borrower hereunder, with respect to Loans made to the other Borrower
hereunder shall be separate and distinct obligations, but all such Obligations shall be primary obligations of each Borrower. 

(b) Each
Borrowers obligations arising as a result of the joint and several liability of the collective Borrower hereunder with respect to Obligations of the other Borrower hereunder shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be unconditional
irrespective of (i) the validity or enforceability, avoidance or subordination of the Obligations of the other Borrower or other document evidencing all or any part of the Obligations of the other Borrower, (ii) the absence of any attempt
to collect the Obligations from the other Borrower, or any other security therefor, or the absence of any other action to enforce the same, (iii) the waiver, consent, extension, forbearance or granting of any indulgence by the Administrative
Agent or any Lender with respect to any provision of any instrument evidencing the Obligations of the other Borrower, or any part thereof, or any other agreement now or hereafter executed by the other Borrower and delivered to the Administrative
Agent or any Lender, (iv) the failure by the Administrative Agent or any Lender to take any steps to perfect and maintain its security interest in, or to preserve its rights to, any security for the Obligations of the other Borrower,
(v) any borrowing or grant of a security interest by the other Borrower, as debtors-in-possession under Section 364 of the Bankruptcy Code of 1978 or any other
Debtor Relief Law, (vi) the disallowance of all or any portion of the Administrative Agents or any Lenders claim(s) for the repayment of the Obligations of the other Borrower under Section 502 of the Bankruptcy Code of 1978 or
any other Debtor Relief Law, or (vii) any other circumstances which might constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defense of the other Borrower. 

(c) With respect to each Borrowers obligations arising as a result of the joint and several liability of the collective Borrower
hereunder with respect to Obligations of the other Borrower hereunder, each Borrower waives, until the repayment of all Obligations, any right to enforce any right of subrogation or any remedy which the Administrative Agent or any Lender now has or
may hereafter have against such Borrower, any endorser or any guarantor of all or any part of the Obligations, and any benefit of, and any right to participate in, any security or collateral given to the Administrative Agent or any Lender to secure
payment of the Obligations. 

(d) No payment or payments made by a Borrower or any other Person or received or collected by the
Administrative Agent or any Lender from a Borrower or any other Person by virtue of any action or proceeding or any set-off or appropriation or application at any time or from time to time in reduction of or
in payment of the Obligations shall be deemed (except to the extent Obligations are satisfied) to modify, release or otherwise affect the liability of a Borrower under this Agreement, which shall remain liable for the Obligations until the repayment
of all Obligations. 

43 

Section 2.16. Borrower Representative. 

Each Borrower hereby appoints Borrower Representative as, and Borrower Representative shall act under this Agreement as, the agent, attorney-in-fact and legal representative of the collective Borrower for all purposes hereunder, including, without limitation, requesting Loans (if applicable) and receiving
account statements and other notices and communications to the Borrower (or any Borrower) from Administrative Agent or any Lender. Accordingly, the parties agree that any and all actions to be taken hereunder by the Borrower may be taken by the
Borrower Representative for and on behalf of the Borrower, and any and all notices and communications permitted or required to be made by Administrative Agent or any Lender hereunder to the Borrower, shall be deemed made to each Borrower if
delivered to Borrower Representative. The Administrative Agent and each Lender and other Agent may rely, and shall be fully protected in relying, on any notice, disbursement instruction, report, information or any other notice or communication made
or given by Borrower Representative or any Borrower, whether in its own name, on behalf of any other Borrower or on behalf of the collective Borrower, and none of Administrative Agent or any Lender shall have any obligation to make any
inquiry or request any confirmation from or on behalf of any other Borrower as to the binding effect on it of any such notice, request, instruction, report, information, other notice or communications. Borrower Representative or any other Borrower
may from time to time tender to Administrative Agent and the Lenders, representations or performance of covenants hereunder and take actions in respect of other matters on behalf of the collective Borrower, and any such representations, performance
or actions by Borrower Representative or any Borrower, shall be conclusively deemed done with the authorization of and on behalf of the other Borrower, as the circumstances and the specific action taken may indicate. Administrative Agent and each of
the Lenders may in all cases rely on communications from, and representations and actions taken by, the Borrower Representative or any other Borrower as though given, delivered, made or taken by or from the collective Borrower, and all such
communications, representations and actions shall be binding upon each Borrower on whose behalf such communications, representations or actions were purportedly taken by such other Borrower. 

Section 2.17. Funds Transfer Disbursements. 

The Borrower hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to disburse the proceeds of the Loans made by the Lenders or any of their Affiliates
pursuant to the Loan Documents to any of the accounts designated in the Disbursement Instruction Agreement. 

ARTICLE III.
PAYMENTS, FEESAND OTHER GENERAL PROVISIONS

Section 3.1. Payments. 

(a)
Payments by Borrower. Except to the extent otherwise provided herein, all payments of principal, interest, Fees and other amounts to be made by the Borrower under this Agreement, the Notes or any other Loan Document shall be made in Dollars,
in immediately available funds, without setoff, deduction or counterclaim (excluding Taxes required to be withheld pursuant to Section 3.10.), to the Administrative Agent at the Principal Office, not later than 2:00 p.m. Eastern time on the
date on which such payment shall become due (each such payment made after such time on such due date to be deemed to have been made on the next succeeding Business Day). Subject to Section 10.5., the Borrower shall, at the time of making each
payment under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, specify to the Administrative Agent the amounts payable by the Borrower hereunder to which such payment is to be applied. Each payment received by the Administrative Agent for the account of a
Lender under this Agreement or any Note shall be paid to such Lender by wire transfer of immediately available funds in 

44 

accordance with the wiring instructions provided by such Lender to the Administrative Agent from time to time, for the account of such Lender at the applicable Lending Office of such Lender. In
the event the Administrative Agent fails to pay such amounts to such Lender within one Business Day of receipt of such amounts, the Administrative Agent shall pay interest on such amount until paid at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate
from time to time in effect. If the due date of any payment under this Agreement or any other Loan Document would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day such date shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day and interest shall
continue to accrue at the rate, if any, applicable to such payment for the period of such extension. 

(b) Presumptions Regarding
Payments by Borrower. Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders hereunder that the Borrower will not make
such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may (but shall not be obligated to), in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders the amount due. In
such event, if the Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent on demand that amount so distributed to such Lender, with interest thereon, for each day from and including
the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the Federal Funds Rate. 

Section 3.2. Pro Rata Treatment. 

Except to the extent otherwise provided herein: (a) each borrowing from the Term B Loan Lenders under Section 2.2.(c) shall be made
from the Term B Loan Lenders, each payment of fees under Section 3.5(b) shall be made for the account of the Term B Loan Lenders, and each termination or reduction of the amount of the Commitments under Section 2.12. shall be applied to
the respective Commitments of the Term B Loan Lenders, pro rata according to the amounts of their respective Commitments, (b) each payment or prepayment of principal of a Class of Loans shall be made for the account of the Lenders of such
Class pro rata in accordance with the respective unpaid principal amounts of the Loans held by them; (c) each payment of interest on a Class of Loans shall be made for the account of the Lenders of such Class pro rata in
accordance with the amounts of interest on such Loans then due and payable to the respective Lenders; (d) the Conversion and Continuation of Loans of a particular Class and Type (other than Conversions provided for by Sections 4.1.(c)
and 4.5.) shall be made pro rata among the Lenders of such Class according to the amounts of their Loans of such Class and the then current Interest Period for each Lenders portion of each such Loan of such Type shall be coterminous;
and (e) each payment of the fees under Section 3.5.(c) with respect to the Loans shall be made for the account of the Lenders pro rata according to the unpaid principal amounts of their respective Loans then outstanding. 

Section 3.3. Sharing of Payments, Etc. 

If a Lender shall obtain payment of any principal of, or interest on, the Loan made by it to the Borrower under this Agreement or shall obtain
payment on any other Obligation owing by the Borrower or any other Loan Party through the exercise of any right of set-off, bankers lien, counterclaim or similar right or otherwise or through voluntary
prepayments directly to a Lender or other payments made by or on behalf the Borrower or any other Loan Party to a Lender (other than any payment in respect of Specified Derivatives Obligations) not in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and
such payment should be distributed to the Lenders in accordance with Section 3.2. or Section 10.5., as applicable, such Lender shall promptly purchase from the other Lenders participations in (or, if and to the extent specified by such
Lender, direct interests in) the Loans made by the other Lenders or other Obligations owed to such other Lenders in such amounts, and make such other adjustments from time to time as shall be equitable, to the end that all the Lenders shall share
the benefit of such payment (net of any reasonable expenses which may actually be incurred by such Lender in obtaining or preserving such benefit) in accordance with the requirements of 

45 

Section 3.2. or Section 10.5., as applicable. To such end, all the Lenders shall make appropriate adjustments among themselves (by the resale of participations sold or otherwise) if
such payment is rescinded or must otherwise be restored. The Borrower agrees that any Lender so purchasing a participation (or direct interest) in the Loans or other Obligations owed to such other Lenders may exercise all rights of set-off, bankers lien, counterclaim or similar rights with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct holder of Loans in the amount of such participation. Nothing contained herein
shall require any Lender to exercise any such right or shall affect the right of any Lender to exercise and retain the benefits of exercising, any such right with respect to any other indebtedness or obligation of the Borrower. 

Section 3.4. Several Obligations. 

No Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to make a Loan or to perform any other obligation to be made or performed by
such other Lender hereunder, and the failure of any Lender to make a Loan or to perform any other obligation to be made or performed by it hereunder shall not relieve the obligation of any other Lender to make any Loan or to perform any other
obligation to be made or performed by such other Lender. 

Section 3.5. Fees. 

(a) Closing Fee. On the Effective Date, the Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent and each Lender all loan fees as have
been agreed to in writing by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 

(b) Ticking Fee. For the period from the date that is
sixty (60) days after the Effective Date until the Availability Termination Date, the Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Term B Loan Lender in accordance with its Commitment Percentage, a per annum ticking
fee equal to the daily aggregate amount of the Commitments available multiplied by a per annum rate equal to 0.15%. Such fee shall be computed on a daily basis and payable quarterly in arrears on the first day of each January, April, July and
October, commencing with the first such date to occur at least sixty (60) days after the Effective Date, and on the Availability Termination Date. The Borrower acknowledges that such fee is a bona fide commitment/ticking fee and is intended as
reasonable compensation to the Term B Loan Lenders for committing to make funds available to the Borrower as described herein and for no other purposes. 

(c) Maturity Extension Fee. If the Borrower exercises its right to extend the Maturity Date in accordance with Section 2.13., the
Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a fee for each extension equal to 0.125% of the aggregate principal amount of such Lenders Loan outstanding as of the effective date of such extension. Such fee
shall be due and payable in full on the effective date of the extension pursuant to Section 2.13. 

(d) Administrative and Other
Fees. The Borrower agrees to pay the administrative and other fees of the Administrative Agent as provided in the Fee Letter and as may be otherwise agreed to in writing from time to time by the Borrower, the Arrangers and the Administrative
Agent. 

Section 3.6. Computations. 

Unless otherwise expressly set forth herein, any accrued interest on any Loan, any Fees or any other Obligations due hereunder shall be
computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and the actual number of days elapsed. 

46 

Section 3.7. Usury. 

In no event shall the amount of interest due or payable on the Loans or other Obligations exceed the maximum rate of interest allowed by
Applicable Law and, if any such payment is paid by the Borrower or any other Loan Party or received by any Lender, then such excess sum shall be credited as a payment of principal, unless the Borrower shall notify the respective Lender in writing
that the Borrower elects to have such excess sum returned to it forthwith. It is the express intent of the parties hereto that the Borrower not pay and the Lenders not receive, directly or indirectly, in any manner whatsoever, interest in excess of
that which may be lawfully paid by the Borrower under Applicable Law. The parties hereto hereby agree and stipulate that the only charge imposed upon the Borrower for the use of money in connection with this Agreement is and shall be the interest
specifically described in Section 2.5.(a)(i) and (ii). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties hereto further agree and stipulate that all agency fees, syndication fees, arrangement fees, closing fees, underwriting fees, default charges,
late charges, funding or breakage charges, increased cost charges, attorneys fees and reimbursement for costs and expenses paid by the Administrative Agent or any Lender to third parties or for damages incurred by the
Administrative Agent or any Lender, in each case, in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, are charges made to compensate the Administrative Agent or any such Lender for underwriting or
administrative services and costs or losses performed or incurred, and to be performed or incurred, by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in connection with this Agreement and shall under no circumstances be deemed to be charges for the use of
money. All charges other than charges for the use of money shall be fully earned and nonrefundable when due. 

Section 3.8. Statements of Account.

The Administrative Agent will account to the Borrower Representative monthly with a statement of Loans, accrued interest and Fees,
charges and payments made pursuant to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and such account rendered by the Administrative Agent shall be deemed conclusive upon the Borrower absent manifest error. The failure of the Administrative Agent to
deliver such a statement of accounts shall not relieve or discharge the Borrower from any of its obligations hereunder. 

Section 3.9. Defaulting
Lenders. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until
such time as such Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law: 

(a) Waivers and Amendments.
Such Defaulting Lenders right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in the definition of Requisite Lenders, Requisite Term A Loan Lenders and Requisite Term B
Loan Lenders, as applicable. The rights and remedies of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the other Lenders against a Defaulting Lender under this Section are in addition to any other rights and remedies such parties may have against such
Defaulting Lender under this Agreement, any of the Loan Documents, Applicable Law or otherwise. 

(b) Defaulting Lender Waterfall.
Any payment of principal, interest, Fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article X. or otherwise) or received by the
Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 3.3. shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows: first, to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting
Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder; second, as the Borrower may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has

47 

failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent; third, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders as a result of any
judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lenders breach of its obligations under this Agreement; fourth, so long as no Default or Event of Default
exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lenders breach of its
obligations under this Agreement; and fifth, to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if such payment is a payment of the principal amount of a Term B Loan in respect of
which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Term B Loans of all Non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to
the payment of a Term B Loan of such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Term B Loans are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with their respective Commitment Percentages immediately prior to any fundings which such Defaulting Lender
failed to fund. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this subsection shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such
Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto. 

(c) Certain Fees. No Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to
receive any Fees payable under Section 3.5. for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender (and the Borrower shall not be required to pay any such fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to that Defaulting
Lender). 

(d) Defaulting Lender Cure. If the Borrower and the Administrative Agent agree in writing that a Lender is no longer a
Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein, that Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase at par
that portion of outstanding Term B Loans of the other Term B Loan Lenders or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the Term B Loans to be held pro rata by the Term B Loan Lenders in accordance
with their respective Commitment Percentages immediately prior to any fundings which such Defaulting Lender failed to fund, whereupon such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender; provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively
with respect to Fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender; and provided, further, that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change
hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lenders having been a Defaulting Lender. 

Section 3.10. Taxes; Foreign Lenders. 

(a) [Intentionally Omitted]. 

(b) Payments Free of Taxes. Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower or any other Loan Party under any
Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by Applicable Law. If any Applicable Law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable Withholding Agent) requires the deduction or
withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a Withholding Agent, then the applicable Withholding Agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental
Authority in accordance with Applicable Law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the Borrower or other applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made
(including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section) the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made. 

48 

(c) Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrower. The Borrower and the other Loan Parties
shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with Applicable Law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes. 

(d) Indemnification by the Borrower. The Borrower and the other Loan Parties shall jointly and severally indemnify each Recipient,
within 10 days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be
withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority.
A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent
manifest error. 

(e) Indemnification by the Lenders. Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within 10 days
after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that the Borrower or another Loan Party has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without
limiting the obligation of the Borrower and the other Loan Parties to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lenders failure to comply with the provisions of Section 12.6. relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register
and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or
not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest
error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source
against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this subsection. The provisions of this subsection shall continue to inure to the benefit of an Administrative Agent following its resignation or removal as Administrative Agent. 

(f) Evidence of Payments. As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by the Borrower or any other Loan Party to a Governmental
Authority pursuant to this Section, the Borrower or such other Loan Party shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return
reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

(g) Status of
Lenders. 

(i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments
made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested
by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver
such other documentation prescribed by Applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup
withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such 

49 

documentation (other than such documentation set forth in the immediately following clauses (ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(D)) shall not be required if in the Lenders reasonable judgment
such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 

(ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that the Borrower is a U.S. Person: 

(A) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on
which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), an electronic copy (or an original if requested by the Borrower or the Administrative
Agent) of an executed IRS Form W-9 (or any successor form) certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax; 

(B) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative
Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the
Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable: 

(I) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the
benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, an electronic copy (or an original if requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent) of an executed
IRS Form W-8BEN, or W-8BEN-E, as applicable, establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax
pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, as applicable, establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty; 

(II) an electronic copy (or an original if requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent) of an executed IRS Form W-8ECI;

(III) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption
for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Internal Revenue Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit J-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank
within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code, or a controlled foreign
corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Internal Revenue Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate) and (y) an electronic copy (or an original if requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent) of
IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, as applicable,; or 

50 

(IV) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, an
electronic copy (or an original if requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent) of an executed IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, as applicable, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit J-2 or Exhibit J-3, IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the
Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit J-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner; 

(C) any Foreign
Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender
under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), an electronic copy (or an original if requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent) of any other form
prescribed by Applicable Law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by Applicable Law to permit the Borrower or the
Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and 

(D) if a payment made to a Lender
under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the
Internal Revenue Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by Applicable Law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative
Agent such documentation prescribed by Applicable Law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Internal Revenue Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may
be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lenders obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold
from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. For purposes of determining withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA, from and after the date
of this Agreement, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall treat (and the Lenders hereby authorize the Administrative Agent to treat) this Agreement as not qualifying as a grandfathered obligation within the meaning of Treasury
Regulation Section 1.1471-2(b)(2)(i).

Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously
delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 

(h) Treatment of Certain Refunds. If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a
refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent
of indemnity payments made under this Section with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such
indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the
amount paid over pursuant to this subsection 

51 

(plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental
Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this subsection, in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this subsection the payment of which would place the indemnified party
in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise
imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This subsection shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating
to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 

(i) Survival. Each partys
obligations under this Section shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge
of all obligations under any Loan Document. 

ARTICLE IV. YIELD PROTECTION,
ETC. 

Section 4.1. Additional Costs; Capital Adequacy. 

(a) Capital Adequacy. If any Lender or any Participant determines that compliance with any law or regulation or with any guideline or
request from any central bank or other Governmental Authority issued or taking effect after the Agreement Date including any Regulatory Change (whether or not having the force of law) affects or would affect the amount of capital or liquidity
required or expected to be maintained by such Lender or such Participant, or any corporation controlling such Lender or such Participant, as a consequence of, or with reference to, the Commitments of such Lender or such Lenders making,
Converting to, Continuing of, or maintaining Loans below the rate which such Lender or such Participant or such corporation controlling such Lender or such Participant could have achieved but for such compliance (taking into account the policies of
such Lender or such Participant or such corporation with regard to capital), then the Borrower shall, from time to time, within thirty (30) days after written demand by such Lender or such Participant, pay to such Lender or such Participant
additional amounts sufficient to compensate such Lender or such Participant or such corporation controlling such Lender or such Participant to the extent that such Lender or such Participant determines such increase in capital or liquidity is
allocable to such Lenders or such Participants obligations hereunder. 

(b) Additional Costs. In addition to, and not in
limitation of the immediately preceding subsection, the Borrower shall promptly pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of a Lender from time to time such amounts as such Lender may determine to be necessary to compensate such Lender for any
costs incurred by such Lender that it determines are attributable to its making, Converting to, Continuing of, or maintaining of any SOFR Loans or its obligation to make any SOFR Loans hereunder, any reduction in any amount receivable by such Lender
under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents in respect of any of such SOFR Loans or such obligation or the maintenance by such Lender of capital in respect of its SOFR Loans (such increases in costs and reductions in amounts receivable
being herein called Additional Costs), to the extent resulting from any Regulatory Change that: (i) changes the basis of taxation of any amounts payable to such Lender under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents
in respect of any of such SOFR Loans (other than Indemnified Taxes, Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and Connection Income Taxes), or (ii) imposes or modifies any reserve, special deposit or
similar requirements (other than Regulation D of the FRB or other similar reserve requirement applicable to any other category of liabilities or category of extensions of credit or other assets by reference to which the interest rate on SOFR
Loans is determined to the extent utilized to determine Adjusted Term SOFR for such Loans) relating to any extensions of credit or other assets of, or any deposits with or other liabilities of, or other credit extended by, or any other acquisition
of funds by such Lender (or its parent corporation), or any commitment of such Lender or (iii) imposes on any Lender or the London interbank market any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or the Loans
made by such Lender. 

52 

(c) Lenders Suspension of SOFR Loans. Without limiting the effect of the
provisions of the immediately preceding subsection (a) and (b), if by reason of any Regulatory Change, any Lender either (i) incurs Additional Costs based on or measured by the excess above a specified level of the amount of a category of
deposits or other liabilities of such Lender that includes deposits by reference to which the interest rate on SOFR Loan is determined as provided in this Agreement or a category of extensions of credit or other assets of such Lender that includes
SOFR Loans or (ii) becomes subject to restrictions on the amount of such a category of liabilities or assets that it may hold, then, if such Lender so elects by notice to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), the obligation of
such Lender to make or Continue, or to Convert Base Rate Loans into, SOFR Loans hereunder shall be suspended until such Regulatory Change ceases to be in effect (in which case the provisions of Section 4.5. shall apply). 

(d) [Intentionally Omitted]. 

(e) Notification and Determination of Additional Costs. Each of the Administrative Agent, each Lender, and each Participant, as the
case may be, agrees to notify the Borrower of any event occurring after the Agreement Date entitling the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such Participant to compensation under any of the preceding subsections of this Section as promptly as
practicable; provided, however, that the failure of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Participant to give such notice shall not release the Borrower from any of its obligations hereunder (and in the case of a Lender, to the Administrative
Agent). The Administrative Agent, each Lender and each Participant, as the case may be, agrees to furnish to the Borrower a certificate setting forth the basis and amount of each request for compensation under this Section. Determinations by the
Administrative Agent, such Lender, or such Participant, as the case may be, of the effect of any Regulatory Change shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error and provided that such determinations are made on a reasonable
basis and in good faith. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the preceding subsections of this Section 4.1., the Borrower shall not be required to compensate any Lender or any Participant for any such increased costs or
reduced return incurred by such Lender or Participant more than one-hundred-eighty (180) days prior to such Lenders or Participants written request to the Borrower for such compensation
(except that if the event giving rise to the increased costs or reduced return is retroactive, then the one-hundred-eighty (180) day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of
retroactive effect thereof). 

Section 4.2. Inability to Determine Interest Rates; Alternative Rate of Interest. 

(a) Circumstances Affecting Benchmark Availability. Subject to clause (b) below, in connection with any request for a SOFR Loan or
a Conversion to or Continuation thereof or otherwise, if for any reason (i) the Administrative Agent shall determine (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that reasonable and adequate means do not exist for
ascertaining Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR pursuant to the definition thereof or Adjusted Term SOFR with respect to a proposed Term SOFR Loan on or prior to the first day of the applicable Interest Period or (ii) the Requisite Lenders shall
determine (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR or Adjusted Term SOFR, as applicable, does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of making or maintaining any
such Loan during, with respect to Adjusted Term SOFR, such Interest Period and, in the case of clause (ii), the Requisite Lenders have provided notice of such determination to the Administrative Agent, then, in each case, the Administrative Agent
shall promptly give notice thereof to the Borrower. Upon notice thereof by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower, any 

53 

obligation of the Lenders to make SOFR Loans, and any right of the Borrower to convert any Loan to or continue any Loan as a SOFR Loan, shall be suspended (to the extent of the affected SOFR
Loans or the affected Interest Periods) until the Administrative Agent (with respect to clause (ii), at the instruction of the Requisite Lenders) revokes such notice. Upon receipt of such notice, (A) the Borrower may revoke any pending request
for a borrowing of, Conversion to or Continuation of SOFR Loans (to the extent of the affected SOFR Loans or the affected Interest Periods) or, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a
borrowing of or Conversion to Base Rate Loans in the amount specified therein and (B) any outstanding affected SOFR Loans will be deemed to have been converted into Base Rate Loans (I) with respect to any Daily Simple SOFR Loans,
immediately and (II) with respect to any Term SOFR Loans, at the end of the applicable Interest Period. Upon any such prepayment or Conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted, together with
any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 4.4. 

(b) Benchmark Replacement Setting. 

(i) Benchmark Replacement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, upon
the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event with respect to any Benchmark, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower may amend this Agreement to replace such Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement. Any such amendment with respect to a Benchmark
Transition Event will become effective at 5:00 p.m. Eastern time on the fifth (5th) Business Day after (i) the Administrative Agent and the Borrower have agreed to the terms of such proposed
amendment and (ii) the Administrative Agent has posted such proposed amendment to all Lenders and the Borrower so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such amendment from Lenders
comprising the Requisite Lenders. No replacement of a Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement pursuant to this Section 4.2.(b)(i). will occur prior to the applicable Benchmark Transition Start Date. No Derivatives Contract
shall be deemed to be a Loan Document for purposes of this Section 4.2.(b). 

(ii)
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and,
notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan
Document. 

(iii) Notices; Standards for Decisions and Determinations. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify
the Borrower and the Lenders of (i) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement and (ii) the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement. The
Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to Section 4.2.(b)(iv). Any determination, decision or election that may be made by
the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 4.2., including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and
without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to clause (b) of this Section 4.2 (including in the definitions of defined terms
used in such clauses). 

54 

(iv) Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (A) if any then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Reference Rate) and either
(1) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (2) the regulatory supervisor for
the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is not or will not be representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of
Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (B) if a tenor that was
removed pursuant to clause (A) above either (1) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (2) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is not
or will not be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for all Benchmark settings at or after
such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 

(v) Benchmark Unavailability Period. Upon the Borrowers
receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period with respect to a given Benchmark, (A) the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a borrowing of Revolving Loans, Conversion to, or a Continuation of any affected
SOFR Loans to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a borrowing of Revolving Loans of or Conversion to Base
Rate Loans and (B) any outstanding affected SOFR Loans will be deemed to have been converted to Base Rate Loans (I) with respect to any Daily Simple SOFR Loans, immediately and (II) with respect to any Term SOFR Loans, at the end of
the applicable Interest Period. During any Benchmark Unavailability Period with respect to any Benchmark or at any time that a tenor for any then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of Base Rate based upon the then-current
Benchmark that is the subject of such Benchmark Unavailability Period or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of Base Rate. 

Section 4.3. Illegality. 

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if any Lender shall reasonably determine (which determination shall be conclusive and
binding) that it is unlawful for such Lender to honor its obligation to Convert to, Continue or maintain SOFR Loans hereunder, then such Lender shall promptly notify the Borrower thereof (with a copy of such notice to the Administrative Agent) and
such Lenders obligation to maintain or Continue, or to Convert Loans of any other Type into, SOFR Loans shall be suspended until such time as such Lender may again maintain SOFR Loans (in which case the provisions of Section 4.5. shall be
applicable). 

55 

Section 4.4. Compensation. 

The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender, upon the request of the Administrative Agent, such amount or
amounts as the Administrative Agent shall determine in its reasonable discretion shall be sufficient to compensate such Lender for any loss, cost or expense attributable to: 

(a) any payment or prepayment (whether mandatory or optional) of a Term SOFR Loan, or Conversion of a Term SOFR Loan, made by
such Lender for any reason (including, without limitation, acceleration) on a date other than the last day of the Interest Period for such Loan; or 

(b) any failure by the Borrower for any reason (including, without limitation, the failure of any of the applicable conditions
precedent specified in Section 5.2. to be satisfied) to borrow a Term SOFR Loan from such Lender on the date for such borrowing, or to Convert a Base Rate Loan or Daily Simple SOFR Loan into a Term SOFR Loan or Continue a Term SOFR Loan on the
requested date of such Conversion or Continuation. 

Upon the Borrowers request, the Administrative Agent shall provide the Borrower with a statement
setting forth the basis for requesting such compensation and the method for determining the amount thereof. Any such statement shall be conclusive absent manifest error provided that such determination is made on a reasonable basis and in good
faith. 

Section 4.5. Treatment of Affected Loans. 

If the obligation of any Lender to make SOFR Loans or to Continue, or to Convert Base Rate Loans into, SOFR Loans shall be suspended pursuant
to Section 4.1.(c), Section 4.2. or Section 4.3. then such Lenders (x) Daily Simple SOFR Loans shall be automatically Converted to Base Rate Loans as of such date or (y) Term SOFR Loans shall be automatically Converted
into Base Rate Loans on the last day(s) of the then current Interest Period(s) for Term SOFR Loans (or, in the case of a Conversion required by Section 4.1.(c), Section 4.2., or Section 4.3. on such earlier date as such Lender may
specify to the Borrower with a copy to the Administrative Agent) and, unless and until such Lender gives notice as provided below that the circumstances specified in Section 4.1., Section 4.2. or Section 4.3. that gave rise to such
Conversion no longer exist: 

(i) to the extent that such Lenders SOFR Loans have been so Converted, all payments and
prepayments of principal that would otherwise be applied to such Lenders SOFR Loans shall be applied instead to its Base Rate Loans; and 

(ii) any portion of such Lenders Loan that would otherwise be Continued by such Lender as a SOFR Loan shall be Continued
instead as a Base Rate Loan, and any Base Rate Loan of such Lender that would otherwise be Converted into a SOFR Loan shall remain as a Base Rate Loan. 

If such Lender gives notice to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) that the circumstances specified in Section 4.1.(c)
or 4.3. that gave rise to the Conversion of such Lenders SOFR Loans pursuant to this Section no longer exist (which such Lender agrees to do promptly upon such circumstances ceasing to exist) at a time when SOFR Loans made by other Lenders are
outstanding, then 

56 

such Lenders Base Rate Loans shall be automatically Converted, on the first day(s) of the next succeeding (x) interest payment date for such outstanding Daily Simple SOFR Loans
(y) Interest Period(s) for such outstanding Term SOFR Loans, to the extent necessary so that, after giving effect thereto, all Loans held by the Lenders holding Daily Simple SOFR Loans and/or Term SOFR Loans, as applicable, and by such Lender
are held pro rata (as to principal amounts, Class, Types, and Interest Periods) in accordance with their respective unpaid principal amount of the Loan made by such Lender. 

Section 4.6. Affected Lenders. 

If
(a) a Lender requests compensation pursuant to Section 3.10. or 4.1., and the Requisite Lenders are not also doing the same, or (b) the obligation of any Lender to Continue, or to Convert Base Rate Loans into, SOFR Loans shall be
suspended pursuant to Section 4.1.(b) or 4.3. but the obligation of the Requisite Lenders shall not have been suspended under such Sections, or (c) a Lender does not vote in favor of any amendment, modification or waiver to this Agreement
or any other Loan Document which, pursuant to Section 12.7., requires the vote of such Lender, and the Requisite Lenders shall have voted in favor of such amendment, modification or waiver or (d) a Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then,
so long as there does not then exist any Event of Default, the Borrower may demand that such Lender (the Affected Lender), and upon such demand the Affected Lender shall promptly, assign its Loans and Commitment to an Eligible
Assignee subject to and in accordance with the provisions of Section 12.6.(b) for a purchase price equal to (x) the aggregate principal balance of all Loans then owing to the Affected Lender, plus (y) any accrued but unpaid interest
thereon and accrued but unpaid fees owing to the Affected Lender, or any other amount as may be mutually agreed upon by such Affected Lender and Eligible Assignee. Each of the Administrative Agent and the Affected Lender shall reasonably cooperate
in effectuating the replacement of such Affected Lender under this Section, but at no time shall the Administrative Agent, such Affected Lender nor any other Lender nor any Titled Agent be obligated in any way whatsoever to initiate any such
replacement or to assist in finding an Eligible Assignee. The exercise by the Borrower of its rights under this Section shall be at the Borrowers sole cost and expense and at no cost or expense to the Administrative Agent, the Affected Lender
or any of the other Lenders. The terms of this Section 4.6. shall not in any way limit the Borrowers obligation to pay to any Affected Lender compensation owing to such Affected Lender pursuant to this Agreement (including, without
limitation, pursuant to Sections 3.10., 4.1. or 4.4.) with respect to any period up to the date of replacement. 

Section 4.7. Change of
Lending Office. 

Each Lender agrees that it will use reasonable efforts (consistent with its internal policy and legal and regulatory
restrictions) to designate an alternate Lending Office with respect to any of its Loans affected by the matters or circumstances described in Sections 3.10., 4.1. or 4.3. to reduce the liability of the Borrower or avoid the results provided
thereunder, so long as such designation is not disadvantageous to such Lender as determined by such Lender in its sole discretion, except that such Lender shall have no obligation to designate a Lending Office located in the United States of
America. 

Section 4.8. Assumptions Concerning Funding of SOFR Loans. 

Calculation of all amounts payable to a Lender under this Article shall be made as though such Lender had actually funded SOFR Loans through
the purchase of deposits in the relevant market bearing interest at the rate applicable to such SOFR Loans in an amount equal to the amount of the SOFR Loans and having a maturity comparable to the relevant Interest Period; provided, however, that
each Lender may fund each of its SOFR Loans in any manner it sees fit and the foregoing assumption shall be used only for calculation of amounts payable under this Article. 

57 

ARTICLE V. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

Section 5.1. Initial Conditions Precedent. 

The obligation of the Lenders to make the Loans is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the following conditions precedent: 

(a) The Administrative Agent shall have received each of the following, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent: 

(i) counterparts of this Agreement executed by each of the parties hereto; 

(ii) Notes executed by the Borrower, payable to each applicable Lender and complying with the terms of Section 2.11.(a);

(iii) the Guaranty executed by each of the Guarantors, if applicable, initially to be a party thereto; 

(iv) an opinion of Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman LLP, counsel to the Borrower and the other Loan Parties, addressed to the
Administrative Agent and the Lenders and covering the matters set forth in Exhibit H; 

(v) the certificate or articles of
incorporation or formation, articles of organization, certificate of limited partnership, declaration of trust or other comparable organizational instrument (if any) of each Loan Party certified as of a recent date by the Secretary of State of the
state of formation of such Loan Party; 

(vi) a certificate of good standing (or certificate of similar meaning) with
respect to each Loan Party issued as of a recent date by the Secretary of State of the state of formation of each such Loan Party and certificates of qualification to transact business or other comparable certificates issued as of a recent date by
each Secretary of State (and any state department of taxation, as applicable) of each state in which such Loan Party is required to be so qualified and where failure to be so qualified could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

(vii) a certificate of incumbency signed by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary (or other individual performing similar
functions) of each Loan Party with respect to each of the officers of such Loan Party authorized to execute and deliver the Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is a party, and in the case of the Borrower Representative, authorized to execute and
deliver on behalf of the Borrower the Notice of Borrowing, Notices of Conversion and Notices of Continuation; 

(viii)
copies certified by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary (or other individual performing similar functions) of each Loan Party of (A) the by-laws of such Loan Party, if a corporation, the operating
agreement, if a limited liability company, the partnership agreement, if a limited or general partnership, or other comparable document in the case of any other form of legal entity and (B) all corporate, partnership, member or other necessary
action taken by such Loan Party to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents to which it is a party; 

(ix) a Compliance Certificate calculated on a pro forma basis for the Borrower Representatives fiscal quarter ending
December 31, 2024; 

58 

(x) a Disbursement Instruction Agreement effective as of the Agreement Date;

(xi) a consent or amendment under the Revolver Credit Agreement shall have occurred such that FRIT San Jose is not
required to become a Loan Party with respect to the Revolver Credit Agreement despite its co-borrower status hereunder; 

(xii) evidence that the Fees, if any, then due and payable under Section 3.5., together with all other fees, expenses and
reimbursement amounts due and payable to the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers, including without limitation, the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel to the Administrative Agent, have been paid; 

(xiii) a Release of Guarantor with respect to FRIT San Jose duly executed by the Borrower Representative, FRIT San Jose and the
Administrative Agent; and 

(xiv) such other documents, agreements and instruments as the Administrative Agent, or any
Lender through the Administrative Agent, may reasonably request. 

(b) In the good faith judgment of the Administrative Agent: 

(i) there shall not have occurred or become known to the Administrative Agent or any of the Lenders any event, condition,
situation or status since the date of the information contained in the financial and business projections, budgets, pro forma data and forecasts concerning the Borrower and its Subsidiaries delivered to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders prior
to the Agreement Date that has had or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; 

(ii) no
litigation, action, suit, investigation or other arbitral, administrative or judicial proceeding shall be pending or threatened which could reasonably be expected to (A) result in a Material Adverse Effect or (B) restrain or enjoin, impose
materially burdensome conditions on, or otherwise materially and adversely affect, the ability of the Borrower or any other Loan Party to fulfill its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party; 

(iii) the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall have received all approvals, consents and waivers, and shall have made or given
all necessary filings and notices as shall be required to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby without the occurrence of any default under, conflict with or violation of (A) any Applicable Law or (B) any agreement, document or
instrument to which any Loan Party is a party or by which any of them or their respective properties is bound, except for such approvals, consents, waivers, filings and notices the receipt, making or giving of which could not reasonably be likely to
(A) have a Material Adverse Effect, or (B) restrain or enjoin impose materially burdensome conditions on, or otherwise materially and adversely affect the ability of the Borrower or any other Loan Party to fulfill its obligations under the
Loan Documents to which it is a party; 

(iv) the Borrower and each other Loan Party shall have provided to the
Administrative Agent and the Lenders the documentation and other information requested by the Administrative Agent in order to comply with the requirements of any Anti-Money Laundering Laws, including, without limitation, the PATRIOT Act and any
applicable know your customer rules and regulations; 

(v) each Loan Party or Subsidiary thereof that qualifies
as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent, and any Lender requesting the same, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to such Loan Party or such
Subsidiary, in each case at least five Business Days prior to the Agreement Date; and 

59 

(vi) there shall not have occurred or exist any other material disruption of
financial or capital markets that could reasonably be expected to materially and adversely affect the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents. 

Section 5.2. Conditions Precedent to All Loans. 

The obligations of Lenders to make the Loans are subject to the further conditions precedent that: (a) no Default or Event of Default
shall exist as of the date of the making of the Loans or would exist immediately after giving effect thereto; (b) the representations and warranties made or deemed made by the Borrower and each other Loan Party in the Loan Documents to which
any of them is a party, shall be true and correct in all material respects (except in the case of a representation or warranty qualified by materiality, in which case such representation or warranty shall be true and correct in all respects) on and
as of the date of the making of the Loans with the same force and effect as if made on and as of such date except to the extent that such representations and warranties expressly relate solely to an earlier date (in which case such representations
and warranties shall have been true and correct in all material respects (except in the case of a representation or warranty qualified by materiality, in which case such representation or warranty shall be true and correct in all respects) on and as
of such earlier date) and except for changes in factual circumstances not prohibited hereunder; and (c) [intentionally omitted]. Each Credit Event shall constitute a certification by the Borrower to the effect set forth in the preceding sentence
(both as of the date of the giving of notice relating to such Credit Event and, unless the Borrower otherwise notifies the Administrative Agent prior to the date of such Credit Event, as of the date of the occurrence of such Credit Event). In
addition, the Borrower shall be deemed to have represented to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders at the time any Loan is made that all conditions to the making of such Loan contained in this Article V. have been satisfied. Unless set
forth in writing to the contrary, the making of a Loan by a Lender shall constitute a certification by such Lender to the Administrative Agent and the other Lenders that the conditions precedent for the Loans set forth in Section 5.1. that have
not previously been waived by the Lenders in accordance with the terms of this Agreement have been satisfied. 

ARTICLE
VI. REPRESENTATIONSAND WARRANTIES

Section 6.1. Representations and Warranties. 

In order to induce the Administrative Agent and each Lender to enter into this Agreement and to make Loans, the Borrower represents and
warrants to the Administrative Agent and each Lender as follows: 

(a) Organization; Power; Qualification. Each of the Borrower, the
other Loan Parties and the other Subsidiaries is a corporation, partnership or other legal entity, duly organized or formed, validly existing and in good standing under the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation, has the power and authority
to own or lease its respective properties and to carry on its respective business as now being and hereafter proposed to be conducted and is duly qualified and is in good standing as a foreign corporation, partnership or other legal entity, and
authorized to do business, in each jurisdiction in which the character of its properties or the nature of its business requires such qualification or authorization and where the failure to be so qualified or authorized could reasonably be expected
to have, in each instance, a Material Adverse Effect. The Parent is a real estate investment trust, duly organized or formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Maryland, has the power and authority to own or lease
its assets and to carry on its business as now being and hereafter proposed to be conducted and is duly qualified and is in good standing, and authorized to do business, in each jurisdiction in which the character of its assets or the nature of its
business requires such qualification or authorization and where the failure to be so qualified or authorized could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

60 

(b) Ownership Structure. Part I of Schedule 6.1.(b) is, as of the Effective Date, a
complete and correct list of all Subsidiaries of the Parent, the General Partner and the Borrower setting forth for each such Subsidiary, (i) the jurisdiction of organization of such Subsidiary, (ii) each Person holding any Equity Interest
in such Subsidiary, (iii) the nature of the Equity Interests held by each such Person, (iv) the percentage of ownership of such Subsidiary represented by such Equity Interests and (v) in the case of Subsidiaries of the Borrower
Representative, whether such Subsidiary is a Material Subsidiary and/or an Excluded Subsidiary and whether such Subsidiary owns a Non-Controlled Property (and, if so, which one(s)). As of the Effective Date,
except as disclosed in such Schedule, (A) each of the Parent, the General Partner and the Borrower and its respective Subsidiaries owns, free and clear of all Liens (other than Permitted Liens), and has the unencumbered right to vote, all
outstanding Equity Interests in each Person shown to be held by it on such Schedule, (B) all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of each such Person organized as a corporation is validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and
(C) there are no outstanding subscriptions, options, warrants, commitments, preemptive rights or agreements of any kind (including, without limitation, any stockholders or voting trust agreements) for the issuance, sale, registration or
voting of, or outstanding securities convertible into, any additional shares of capital stock of any class, or partnership or other ownership interests of any type in, any such Person. As of the Effective Date, Part II of Schedule 6.1.(b) correctly
sets forth all Unconsolidated Affiliates of the Parent, the General Partner and the Borrower, including the correct legal name of such Person, the type of legal entity which each such Person is, and all Equity Interests in such Person held directly
or indirectly by the Parent, the General Partner and the Borrower. 

(c) Authorization of Loan Documents and Borrowings. The
Borrower has the right and power, and has taken all necessary action to authorize it, to borrow and obtain other extensions of credit hereunder. The Borrower and each other Loan Party has the right and power, and has taken all necessary action to
authorize it, to execute, deliver and perform each of the Loan Documents and the Fee Letter to which it is a party in accordance with their respective terms and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The Loan Documents and
the Fee Letter to which the Borrower or any other Loan Party is a party have been duly executed and delivered by the duly authorized officers of such Person and each is a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Person enforceable against such
Person in accordance with its respective terms, except as the same may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, and other similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally and the availability of equitable remedies for the enforcement of certain
obligations (other than the payment of principal) contained herein or therein and as may be limited by equitable principles generally. 

(d) Compliance of Loan Documents with Laws. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents to
which any Loan Party is a party and of the Fee Letter in accordance with their respective terms and the borrowings and other extensions of credit hereunder do not: (i) require any Governmental Approval or violate any Applicable Law (including
all Environmental Laws) relating to the Borrower or any other Loan Party; (ii) conflict with, result in a breach of or constitute a default under the organizational documents of any Loan Party, or any indenture, agreement or other instrument to
which the Borrower or any other Loan Party is a party or by which it or any of its respective properties may be bound; or (iii) result in or require the creation or imposition of any Lien upon or with respect to any property now owned or
hereafter acquired by any Loan Party other than in favor of the Administrative Agent for its benefit and the benefit of the Lenders. 

(e)
Compliance with Law; Governmental Approvals. Each of the Parent, the General Partner, the Borrower, the other Loan Parties and the other Subsidiaries is in compliance with each Governmental Approval applicable to it and all other Applicable
Laws (including, without limitation, Environmental Laws) relating to it except for noncompliances which, and Governmental Approvals the failure to possess which, could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to cause a Default
or Event of Default or have a Material Adverse Effect. 

61 

(f) Title to Properties; Liens. Part I of Schedule 6.1.(f) is, as of the Agreement
Date, a complete and correct listing of all real estate assets of the Borrower, each other Loan Party and each other Subsidiary. Each of the Borrower, each other Loan Party and each other Subsidiary has good, marketable and legal title to, or a
valid leasehold interest in, its respective assets. As of the Agreement Date, there are no Liens against the assets of the Borrower, the Loan Parties or any Subsidiary other than Permitted Liens. 

(g) Existing Indebtedness. Schedule 6.1.(g) is, as of December 31, 2024, a complete and correct listing of all Indebtedness
(including all Guarantees but excluding dividends payable, accounts payable and Off-Balance Sheet Obligations) of each of the Borrower, the other Loan Parties and the other Subsidiaries having an outstanding
principal balance in excess of $1,000,000, and if such Indebtedness is secured by any Lien. Except as set forth on such Schedule, from December 31, 2024 through the Effective Date neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries has incurred
any Indebtedness having an outstanding principal balance in excess of $1,000,000 in the aggregate. 

(h) Affected Financial
Institution. None of the Parent, the General Partner or any Loan Party is an Affected Financial Institution. 

(i) Litigation.
Except as set forth on Schedule 6.1.(i), there are no actions, suits or proceedings pending (nor, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, are there any actions, suits or proceedings threatened) against or in any other way relating adversely to or
affecting the Parent, the General Partner, the Borrower, any other Loan Party, any other Subsidiary or any of their respective property in any court or before any arbitrator of any kind or before or by any other Governmental Authority which,
(i) could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) in any manner draws into question the validity or enforceability of any Loan Document or the Fee Letter. There are no strikes, slow downs, work stoppages or
walkouts or other labor disputes in progress or threatened relating to the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any other Loan Party which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(j) Taxes. All federal, state and other tax returns of the Parent, the General Partner, the Borrower, each other Loan Party and each
other Subsidiary required by Applicable Law to be filed have been duly filed, and all federal, state and other taxes, assessments and other governmental charges or levies upon, the Parent, the General Partner, each Loan Party, each other Subsidiary
and their respective properties, income, profits and assets which are due and payable have been paid, except any such nonpayment or non-filing which is at the time permitted under Section 7.6. As of the
Effective Date, none of the United States income tax returns of the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other Subsidiary is under audit. All charges, accruals and reserves on the books of the Borrower, the other Loan Parties and the other
Subsidiaries in respect of any taxes or other governmental charges are in accordance with GAAP. 

(k) Financial Statements. The
Borrower has furnished to each Lender copies of the audited consolidated balance sheets of the Borrower Representative and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2024, and the related audited consolidated
statements of comprehensive income, capital and cash flows for the years ended on such dates, with the opinion thereon of Grant Thornton LLP. Such financial statements (including in each case related schedules and notes) present fairly, in all
material respects and in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the periods involved, the consolidated financial position of the Borrower Representative and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at their respective dates and the results of
operations and the cash flows for such periods (subject, as to interim statements, to changes resulting from normal year-end audit adjustments). Neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries has on the
Agreement Date any material contingent liabilities, liabilities, liabilities for taxes, unusual or long-term commitments or unrealized or forward anticipated losses from any unfavorable commitments that would be required to be set forth in its
financial statements or notes thereto, except as referred to or reflected or provided for in said financial statements. 

62 

(l) No Material Adverse Change. Since December 31, 2024, there has been no
event, change, circumstance or occurrence that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each of the Borrower, the other Loan Parties and the other Subsidiaries is Solvent. 

(m) ERISA. 

(i) Each Benefit Arrangement is in compliance with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Internal Revenue Code and other
Applicable Laws except for noncompliance that would not be expected to result in the occurrence of a Material Adverse Effect. Except with respect to Multiemployer Plans, each Qualified Plan (A) has received a favorable determination from the
Internal Revenue Service applicable to such Qualified Plans current remedial amendment cycle (as defined in Revenue Procedure 2007-44 or 2007-44 for
short), (B) has timely filed for a favorable determination letter from the Internal Revenue Service during its staggered remedial amendment cycle (as defined in 2007-44) and such application is currently
being processed by the Internal Revenue Service, (C) had filed for a determination letter prior to its GUST remedial amendment period (as defined in 2007-44) and received such determination
letter and the staggered remedial amendment cycle first following the GUST remedial amendment period for such Qualified Plan has not yet expired, or (D) is maintained under a prototype plan and may rely upon a favorable opinion letter issued by
the Internal Revenue Service with respect to such prototype plan. To the best knowledge of the Borrower, nothing has occurred which could reasonably be expected to cause the loss of its reliance on each Qualified Plans favorable determination
letter or opinion letter. 

(ii) As of the most recent valuation date, the benefit obligation of all Plans does
not exceed the fair market value of plan assets for such Plans by more than $10,000,000 all as determined by and with such terms defined in accordance with FASB ASC 715. 

(iii) Except as could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect:
(i) no ERISA Event has occurred or is expected to occur; (ii) there are no pending, or to the best knowledge of the Borrower, threatened, claims, actions or lawsuits or other action by any Governmental Authority, plan participant or
beneficiary with respect to a Benefit Arrangement; (iii) there are no violations of the fiduciary responsibility rules with respect to any Benefit Arrangement; and (iv) no member of the ERISA Group has engaged in a non-exempt prohibited transaction, as defined in Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code, in connection with any Plan, that would subject any member of the ERISA
Group to a tax on prohibited transactions imposed by Section 502(i) of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code. 

(n)
Absence of Default. None of the Loan Parties or any of the other Subsidiaries is in default under its certificate or articles of incorporation or formation, bylaws, partnership agreement or other similar organizational documents, and no event
has occurred, which has not been remedied, cured or waived: (i) which constitutes a Default or an Event of Default; or (ii) which constitutes, or which with the passage of time, the giving of notice, or both, would constitute, a default or
event of default by, any Loan Party or any other Subsidiary under any agreement (other than this Agreement) or judgment, decree or order to which any such Person is a party or by which any such Person or any of its respective properties may be bound
where such default or event of default could, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

63 

(o) Environmental Laws. Each of the Borrower, each other Loan Party and the other
Subsidiaries: (i) has obtained all Governmental Approvals which are required under Environmental Laws, and each such Governmental Approval is in full force and effect, and (ii) is in compliance with all terms and conditions of such
Governmental Approvals, where with respect to each of the immediately preceding clauses (i) and (ii) the failure to obtain or to comply with could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Except for any of the following matters
that could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, no Loan Party is aware of, and has not received notice of, any past, present, or future, events, conditions, circumstances, activities, practices, incidents, occurrences,
actions, or plans which, with respect to any Loan Party or any other Subsidiary, their respective businesses, operations or with respect to the Properties, may: (x) interfere with or prevent compliance or continued compliance with Environmental
Laws or (y) give rise to any common-law or legal liability or otherwise form the basis of any claim, action, demand, suit, proceeding, hearing, study, or investigation based on or related to the
manufacture, generation, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport, removal, clean up or handling, or the emission, discharge, release or threatened release into the environmental of any pollutant, contaminant, chemical,
or industrial, toxic, other Hazardous Material. There is no civil, criminal, or administrative action, suit, demand, claim, hearing, notice, or demand letter, notice of violation, investigation, or proceeding pending or, to the Borrowers
knowledge after due inquiry, threatened, against the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other Subsidiary relating in any way to Environmental Laws which, reasonably could be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Properties is
listed on or proposed for listing on the National Priority List promulgated pursuant to the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 and its implementing regulations, or any state or local priority list
promulgated pursuant to any analogous state or local law to the extent any such listing could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. To the Borrowers knowledge, no Hazardous Materials generated at or transported from the
Properties are or have been transported to, or disposed of at, any location that is listed or proposed for listing on the National Priority List or any analogous state or local priority list, or any other location that is or has been the subject of
a clean-up, removal or remedial action pursuant to any Environmental Law, except to the extent that such transportation or disposal could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(p) Investment Company. None of the Parent, the General Partner, the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other Subsidiary is
(i) an investment company or a company controlled by an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or (ii) subject to any other Applicable Law which purports
to regulate or restrict its ability to borrow money or obtain other extensions of credit or to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or to perform its obligations under any Loan Document to which it is a party. 

(q) Margin Stock. None of the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other Subsidiary is engaged principally, or as one of its important
activities, in the business of extending credit for the purpose, whether immediate, incidental or ultimate, of buying or carrying margin stock within the meaning of Regulation U of the FRB. 

(r) Affiliate Transactions. Except as permitted by Section 9.9., none of the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other
Subsidiary is a party to or bound by any agreement or arrangement with any Affiliate. 

(s) Intellectual Property. Each of the
Borrower, each other Loan Party and each other Subsidiary owns or has the right to use, under valid license agreements or otherwise, all material patents, licenses, franchises, trademarks, trademark rights, trade names, trade name rights, trade
secrets and copyrights (collectively, Intellectual Property) necessary to the conduct of its businesses as now conducted and as contemplated by the Loan Documents, without known conflict with any patent, license,

64 

franchise, trademark, trademark rights, trade secret, trade name, copyright, or other proprietary right of any other Person, which conflict could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect. The Borrower, each other Loan Party and each other Subsidiary have taken all such steps as they deem reasonably necessary to protect their respective rights under and with respect to such Intellectual Property. No material claim has been
asserted by any Person with respect to the use of any Intellectual Property by the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other Subsidiary, or challenging or questioning the validity or effectiveness of any Intellectual Property. The use of such
Intellectual Property by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and the other Loan Parties, does not infringe on the rights of any Person, subject to such claims and infringements as do not, in the aggregate, give rise to any liabilities on the part of the
Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other Subsidiary that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(t)
Business. The Borrower, the other Loan Parties and the other Subsidiaries are (i) primarily engaged in the business of acquiring, owning, redeveloping, developing and managing Retail Properties and
Mixed-Use Projects (including components of such Mixed-Use Projects that are Office Properties and Multifamily Properties) together with other business activities
reasonably related or incidental thereto and (ii) secondarily engaged in the business of acquiring, owning, redeveloping, developing and managing Office Properties, Multifamily Properties and Hotel Properties, together with other business
activities reasonably related or incidental thereto. 

(u) Brokers Fees. No brokers or finders fee, commission or
similar compensation will be payable with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby. No other similar fees or commissions will be payable by any Loan Party for any other services rendered to the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other
Subsidiary ancillary to the transactions contemplated hereby. 

(v) Accuracy and Completeness of Information. None of the written
information, reports or other papers or data (excluding financial projections and other forward looking statements), taken as a whole as of the date of delivery thereof, furnished to the Administrative Agent or any Lender by, on behalf of, or at the
direction of, the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any other Loan Party in connection with or relating in any way to this Agreement, contained any untrue statement of a fact material to the creditworthiness of the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any other
Loan Party or omitted to state a material fact necessary in order to make such statements contained therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. All financial statements furnished to the Administrative Agent or
any Lender by, on behalf of, or at the direction of, the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any other Loan Party in connection with or relating in any way to this Agreement, present fairly, in all material respects and in accordance with GAAP consistently
applied throughout the periods involved, the financial position of the Persons involved as at the date thereof and the results of operations for such periods (subject, as to interim statements, to changes resulting from normal year end audit
adjustments and absence of full footnote disclosure). All financial projections and other forward looking statements prepared by or on behalf of the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any other Loan Party that have been or may hereafter be made available
to the Administrative Agent or any Lender were or will be prepared in good faith based on reasonable assumptions. As of the Effective Date, no fact is known to the Borrower which has had, or may in the future have (so far as the Borrower can
reasonably foresee), a Material Adverse Effect which has not been set forth in the financial statements referred to in Section 6.1.(k) or in such information, reports or other papers or data or otherwise disclosed in writing to the
Administrative Agent and the Lenders. As of the Agreement Date, all of the information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification is true and correct. 

(w) Not Plan Assets; No Prohibited Transactions. None of the assets of the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other Subsidiary
constitutes plan assets within the meaning of ERISA, the Internal Revenue Code and the respective regulations promulgated thereunder. Assuming that no Lender funds any amount payable by it hereunder with plan assets, as that
term is defined in 29 C.F.R. 2510.3- 101, the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and the extensions of credit and repayment of amounts hereunder, do not and will not constitute prohibited
transactions under ERISA or the Internal Revenue Code. 

65 

(x) Anti-Corruption Laws; Anti-Money Laundering Laws and Sanctions. 

(i) None of (i) the Parent, the General Partner, the Borrower, any of their respective Subsidiaries, any of their respective directors,
officers, or, to the knowledge of the Borrower or such Subsidiary, any of their respective employees or Affiliates, or (ii) any agent or representative of the Borrower or any Subsidiary that will act in any capacity in connection with or
benefit from this Agreement, (A) is a Sanctioned Person or currently the express subject or express target of any Sanctions, (B) is controlled by or is acting on behalf of a Sanctioned Person, (C) has its assets located in a
Sanctioned Country, (D) is under administrative, civil or criminal investigation for an alleged violation of, or received notice from or made a voluntary disclosure to any governmental entity regarding a possible violation of, Anti-Corruption
Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws or Sanctions by a governmental authority that enforces Sanctions or any Anti-Corruption Laws or Anti-Money Laundering Laws, or (E) directly or indirectly derives revenues from investments in, or transactions
with, Sanctioned Persons. 

(ii) Each of the Parent, the General Partner, the Borrower and their respective Subsidiaries has implemented and
maintains in effect policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by such Person and their respective directors, officers, employees, agents and Affiliates with all Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws and applicable Sanctions.

(iii) Each of the Parent, the General Partner, the Borrower and their respective Subsidiaries, each director, officer, and to the
knowledge of Borrower, employee, agent and Affiliate of the Parent, the General Partner, the Borrower and their respective Subsidiaries, is in compliance with all Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws in all material respects and
applicable Sanctions. 

(iv) No proceeds of any Loan have been used, directly or indirectly, by the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any
of its or their respective directors, officers, employees and agents in violation of Section 9.13.(c). 

(y) REIT Status. The
Parent qualifies as, and has elected to be treated as, a REIT and is in compliance with all requirements and conditions imposed under the Internal Revenue Code to allow the Parent to maintain its status as a REIT. 

(z) Unencumbered Assets. As of the Agreement Date, Schedule 6.1.(z) is a correct and complete list of each Wholly Owned Property,
Controlled Property and Non-Controlled Property included as of the Agreement Date in the calculation of Unencumbered Asset Value. Except as set forth on such Schedule, each of the Properties included by the
Borrower in calculations of Unencumbered Asset Value is an Eligible Property. 

66 

Section 6.2. Survival of Representations and Warranties, Etc. 

All statements contained in any certificate, financial statement or other instrument delivered by or on behalf of any Loan Party or any other
Subsidiary to the Administrative Agent or any Lender pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents (including, but not limited to, any such statement made in or in connection with any amendment thereto or any
statement contained in any certificate, financial statement or other instrument delivered by or on behalf of any Loan Party prior to the Agreement Date and delivered to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the underwriting or
closing the transactions contemplated hereby) shall constitute representations and warranties made by the Borrower under this Agreement. All representations and warranties made under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be deemed to be
made at and as of the Agreement Date, the Effective Date, the date on which any extension of the Maturity Date is effectuated pursuant to Section 2.13.and at and as of the date of the occurrence of each Credit Event, except to the
extent that such representations and warranties expressly relate solely to an earlier date (in which case such representations and warranties shall have been true and correct in all material respects (except in the case of a representation or
warranty qualified by materiality, in which case such representation or warranty shall be true and correct in all respects) on and as of such earlier date) and except for changes in factual circumstances not prohibited hereunder. All such
representations and warranties shall survive the effectiveness of this Agreement, the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents and the making of the Loans. 

ARTICLE VII. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS

For so long as this Agreement is in effect, unless the Requisite Lenders (or, if required pursuant to Section 12.7., all of the Lenders)
shall otherwise consent in the manner provided for in Section 12.7., the Borrower shall comply with the following covenants: 

Section 7.1.
Preservation of Existence and Similar Matters. 

Except as otherwise permitted under Section 9.5., the Borrower shall, and shall
cause each other Loan Party and each other Subsidiary to, preserve and maintain its respective existence, rights, franchises, licenses and privileges in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation and qualify and remain qualified and
authorized to do business in each jurisdiction in which the character of its properties or the nature of its business requires such qualification and authorization and where the failure to be so authorized and qualified could reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Parent shall preserve and maintain its existence, rights, franchises, licenses and privileges in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation and qualify and remain qualified and authorized to do business
in each jurisdiction in which the character of its properties or the nature of its business requires such qualification and authorization and where the failure to be so authorized and qualified could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect. 

Section 7.2. Compliance with Applicable Law and Material Contracts. 

The Borrower shall, and shall cause each other Loan Party and each other Subsidiary to, comply with (a) all Applicable Laws, including the
obtaining of all Governmental Approvals, the failure with which to comply could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and (b) all terms and conditions of all contracts and other written agreements to which it is a party if
any such non-compliance could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Parent shall, comply with all Applicable Laws, including the obtaining of all Governmental Approvals, the failure
with which to comply could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, 

Section 7.3. Maintenance of Property. 

In addition to the requirements of any of the other Loan Documents, the Borrower shall, and shall cause each other Loan Party and each other
Subsidiary to, (a) protect and preserve all of its respective material properties, including, but not limited to, all Intellectual Property necessary to the conduct of its respective business, and maintain in good repair, working order and
condition all tangible properties, ordinary wear and tear excepted, and (b) from time to time make or cause to be made all needed and appropriate repairs, renewals, replacements and additions to such properties, so that the business carried on
in connection therewith may be properly and advantageously conducted at all times. 

67 

Section 7.4. Conduct of Business. 

The Borrower shall, and shall cause each other Loan Party and each other Subsidiary to, carry on its respective businesses as described in
Section 6.1.(t). 

Section 7.5. Insurance. 

In addition to the requirements of any of the other Loan Documents, the Borrower shall, and shall cause each other Loan Party and each other
Subsidiary to, maintain insurance (on a replacement cost basis) with financially sound and reputable insurance companies against such risks and in such amounts as is customarily maintained by Persons engaged in similar businesses or as may be
required by Applicable Law. The Borrower shall from time to time deliver to the Administrative Agent upon request a detailed list, together with copies of all policies of the insurance then in effect, stating the names of the insurance companies,
the amounts and rates of the insurance, the dates of the expiration thereof and the properties and risks covered thereby. 

Section 7.6. Payment of
Taxes and Claims. 

The Borrower shall, and shall cause each other Loan Party and each other Subsidiary to, pay and discharge when due
(a) all taxes, assessments and governmental charges or levies imposed upon it or upon its income or profits or upon any properties belonging to it, and (b) all lawful claims of materialmen, mechanics, carriers, warehousemen and landlords
for labor, materials, supplies and rentals which, if unpaid, might become a Lien on any properties of such Person; provided, however, that this Section shall not require the payment or discharge of any such tax, assessment, charge, levy or claim
which is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings which operate to suspend the collection thereof and for which adequate reserves have been established on the books of such Person in accordance with GAAP. The Parent shall pay and
discharge when due all taxes, assessments and governmental charges or levies imposed upon it or upon its income or profits or upon any properties belonging to it; provided, however, that this Section shall not require the payment or discharge of any
such tax, assessment, charge, levy or claim which is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings which operate to suspend the collection thereof and for which adequate reserves have been established on the books of the Parent in
accordance with GAAP. 

Section 7.7. Books and Records; Inspections. 

The Borrower shall, and shall cause each other Loan Party and each other Subsidiary to, maintain books and records pertaining to its respective
business operations in such detail, form and scope as is consistent with good business practice and in accordance with GAAP. The Borrower shall, and shall cause each other Loan Party and each other Subsidiary to, permit representatives or agents of
any Lender or the Administrative Agent, from time to time after reasonable prior notice if no Event of Default shall be in existence, as often as may be reasonably requested, but only during normal business hours and at the expense of such Lender or
the Administrative Agent (unless an Event of Default shall exist, in which case the exercise by the Administrative Agent of its rights under this Section shall be at the expense of the Borrower), as the case may be, to: (a) visit and inspect
all properties of the Borrower or such Subsidiary or other Loan Party to the extent any such right to visit or inspect is within the control of such Person; (b) inspect and make extracts from their respective books and records, including but
not limited to management letters prepared by independent accountants; and (c) discuss with its officers, and its independent accountants (in the presence of an officer of the Borrower so long as no Event of Default has

68 

occurred and is continuing), its business, properties, condition (financial or otherwise), results of operations and performance. If requested by the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall
execute an authorization letter addressed to its accountants authorizing the Administrative Agent or any Lender to discuss the financial affairs of the Borrower and any other Loan Party or any other Subsidiary with its accountants which, so long as
no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, shall be in the presence of an officer of the Borrower. 

Section 7.8. Use of Proceeds.

The Borrower will use the proceeds of Loans only to (i) provide for the general working capital needs of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries and (ii) for other general corporate purposes of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries. 

Section 7.9. Environmental Matters.

The Borrower shall, and shall cause each other Loan Party and each other Subsidiary to, comply with all Environmental Laws the failure
with which to comply could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Borrower shall use, and shall cause each other Loan Party and each other Subsidiary to use, commercially reasonable efforts (which shall include, for purposes
of this Section, including customary provisions in lease agreements with tenants as to such compliance) to cause all other Persons occupying, using or present on the Properties to comply, with all Environmental Laws the failure with which to comply
could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Borrower shall, and shall cause each other Loan Party and each other Subsidiary to take promptly all actions reasonably necessary to prevent the imposition of any Liens on any of
their respective properties arising out of or related to any Environmental Laws. Nothing in this Section shall impose any obligation or liability whatsoever on the Administrative Agent or any Lender. 

Section 7.10. Further Assurances. 

At the Borrowers cost and expense and upon request of the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall, and shall cause each other Loan Party
and each other Subsidiary to, duly execute and deliver or cause to be duly executed and delivered, to the Administrative Agent such further instruments, documents and certificates, and do and cause to be done such further acts that may be reasonably
necessary or advisable in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent to carry out more effectively the provisions and purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

Section 7.11. Compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws; Beneficial Ownership Regulation, Anti-Money Laundering Laws and Sanctions. 

The Parent, the General Partner and the Borrower will (a) maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures designed to ensure
compliance by the Parent, the General Partner, the Borrower, their respective Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with all Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws and applicable Sanctions,
(b) notify the Administrative Agent and each Lender that previously received a Beneficial Ownership Certification of any change in the information provided in the Beneficial Ownership Certification that would result in a change to the list of
beneficial owners identified therein and (c) promptly upon the reasonable request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, provide the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, any information or documentation reasonably
requested by it for purposes of complying with the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 

69 

Section 7.12. REIT Status. 

The Parent shall at all times maintain its status as, and election to be treated as, a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code. 

Section 7.13. Exchange Listing. 

The
Parent shall maintain at least one class of common shares of the Parent having trading privileges on the New York Stock Exchange or the NYSE American or other national exchange which is subject to price quotations on The NASDAQ Stock Markets
National Market System (or any successor exchanges or quotation systems thereto). 

Section 7.14. Guarantors. 

(a) Within 10 Business Days of the date on which any of the following conditions first applies to any Subsidiary (other than a Subsidiary
owning a Non-Controlled Property) that is not already a Guarantor, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent each of the following in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent:
(i) an Accession Agreement executed by such Subsidiary (or if the Guaranty is not then in existence, a Guaranty executed by such Subsidiary) and (ii) the items that would have been delivered under subsections (iv) through
(viii) of Section 5.1.(a) if such Subsidiary had been required to become a Guarantor on the Agreement Date: 

(x)
such Subsidiary Guarantees, or otherwise becomes obligated in respect of, any Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower; or 

(y) such Subsidiary (A) owns any asset the value of which is included in the determination of Unencumbered Asset Value and
(B) has incurred, acquired or suffered to exist any Recourse Indebtedness. 

(b) Within 10 Business Days of the date on which any of
the following conditions first applies to either the Parent or the General Partner, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent each of the following in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent: (i) the
Parent/General Partner Guaranty executed by such Person and (ii) the items that would have been delivered under subsections (iv) through (viii) of Section 5.1.(a) if such Person had been required to become a Guarantor on the Agreement
Date: 

(x) the Parent or General Partner, as the case may be, Guarantees, or otherwise becomes obligated in respect of, any
Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower; or 

(y) the Parent or General Partner, as the case may be,
fails to satisfy the requirements of Section 9.14 hereto. 

(c) The Borrower may request in writing that the Administrative Agent
release, and upon receipt of such request the Administrative Agent shall release, a Subsidiary of the Borrower that is a Guarantor from the Guaranty so long as: (i) such Guarantor is not required to be a party to the Guaranty under the
immediately preceding subsection (a); (ii) no Default or Event of Default shall then be in existence or would occur as a result of such release, including without limitation, a Default or Event of Default resulting from a violation of any of the
covenants contained in Section 9.1.; and (iii) the Administrative Agent shall have received such written request at least ten (10) Business Days (or such shorter period as may be acceptable to the Administrative Agent) prior to the
requested date of release. Delivery by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent of any such request shall constitute a representation by the Borrower that the matters set forth in the preceding sentence (both as of the date of the giving of such
request and as of the date of the effectiveness of such request) are true and correct with respect to such request. 

70 

ARTICLE VIII. INFORMATION

For so long as this Agreement is in effect, unless the Requisite Lenders (or, if required pursuant to Section 12.7., all of the Lenders)
shall otherwise consent in the manner set forth in Section 12.7., the Borrower shall furnish to the Administrative Agent for distribution to each of the Lenders: 

Section 8.1. Quarterly Financial Statements. 

As soon as available and in any event within five (5) days after the same is required to be filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (but in no event later than 50 days after the end of each of the first, second and third fiscal quarters of the Borrower Representative commencing with the fiscal quarter of the Borrower Representative ending March 31, 2025), the
unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower Representative and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such period and the related unaudited consolidated statements of comprehensive income, capital and cash flows of the Borrower Representative
and its consolidated Subsidiaries for such period, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures as of the end of and for the corresponding periods of the previous fiscal year, all of which shall, to the extent applicable, be in the
form required by the Securities Exchange Act and certified by the chief financial officer or chief accounting officer of the Borrower Representative, in his or her opinion, to present fairly, in all material respects and in accordance with GAAP, the
consolidated financial position of the Borrower Representative and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the date thereof and the results of operations for such period (subject to normal year-end audit
adjustments). 

Section 8.2. Year-End Statements. 

As soon as available and in any event within five (5) days after the same is required to be filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (but in no event later than 95 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower Representative), the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower Representative and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal
year and the related audited consolidated statements of comprehensive income, capital and cash flows of the Borrower Representative and its consolidated Subsidiaries for such fiscal year, setting forth in comparative form the figures as at the end
of and for the previous fiscal year, all of which shall, to the extent applicable, be in the form required by the Securities Exchange Act and (a) certified by the chief accounting officer or chief financial officer of the Borrower
Representative, in his or her opinion, to present fairly, in all material respects and in accordance with GAAP, the consolidated financial position of the Borrower Representative and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the date thereof and the
result of operations for such period and (b) accompanied by the report thereon of Grant Thornton LLP or any other independent certified public accountants of recognized national standing acceptable to the Administrative Agent, whose report
shall be unqualified and who shall have authorized the Borrower Representative to deliver such financial statements and report thereon to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders pursuant to this Agreement. 

Section 8.3. Compliance Certificate. 

At the time the financial statements are furnished pursuant to Sections 8.1. and 8.2. and, if (i) the Requisite Lenders provide
notice to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that they reasonably believe that an Event of Default specified in Section 10.1.(a), 10.1.(e) or 10.1.(f) or a Default under Section 10.1.(f) may occur, or if (ii) a casualty or
condemnation of a Property secured by Material Indebtedness requiring payment in excess of $125,000,000 as a result of such casualty or condemnation occurs, then within 5 

71 

Business Days of the Administrative Agents request with respect to any other fiscal period, a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit I (a Compliance
Certificate) executed on behalf of the Borrower by the chief accounting officer or the chief financial officer of the Borrower Representative (a) setting forth in reasonable detail as of the end of such quarterly accounting period or
fiscal year or such other fiscal period, as the case may be, the calculations required to establish whether the Borrower was in compliance with the covenants contained in Section 9.1.; and (b) stating that, to the best of his or her
knowledge, information, and belief after due inquiry, no Default or Event of Default exists, or, if such is not the case, specifying such Default or Event of Default and its nature, when it occurred and the steps being taken by the Borrower with
respect to such event, condition or failure. Together with each Compliance Certificate delivered in connection with quarterly or annual financial statements, the Borrower shall deliver a report, in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the
Administrative Agent, setting forth (i) a statement of Funds From Operations for the fiscal period then ending; (ii) a list of each Wholly Owned Property, Controlled Property and Non-Controlled
Property included in the calculation of Unencumbered Asset Value, such list to identify any Property that has ceased to be included in the calculation of Unencumbered Asset Value since the previous such list delivered to the Administrative Agent;
and (iii) a listing of all Properties acquired by the Borrower or any Subsidiary since the delivery of the previous such list, including their Net Operating Income, the purchase price for such Property and indicating whether such Property is
collateral for any Secured Indebtedness of the owner of such Property. 

Section 8.4. Other Information. 

(a) Promptly upon receipt thereof, copies of all management reports, if any, submitted to the Borrower or its partners by its independent
public accountants; 

(b) Within five (5) Business Days of the filing thereof, copies of all registration statements (excluding the
exhibits thereto (unless requested by the Administrative Agent) and any registration statements on Form S-8 or its equivalent), reports on Forms 10-K,10-Q and 8-K (or their equivalents) and all other periodic reports which the Parent or any Loan Party or any other Subsidiary shall file with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (or any Governmental Authority substituted therefor) or any national securities exchange; 

(c) Promptly upon the mailing
thereof to the shareholders of the Parent or the Borrower Representative generally, copies of all financial statements, reports and proxy statements so mailed and promptly upon the issuance thereof copies of all press releases issued by the Parent,
the General Partner, the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any other Loan Party; 

(d) No later than the last day of February of each year,
projected consolidated financial statements of Borrower Representative and its consolidated Subsidiaries, for the next fiscal year set forth on a quarterly basis, to include projected statements of income and loss and statements of cash flow. Such
projected consolidated financial statements shall represent the reasonable best estimate by the Borrower of the future financial performance of the Borrower Representative and its Subsidiaries for the periods set forth therein and have been prepared
on the basis of assumptions set forth therein, which the Borrower believes are fair and reasonable as of the date of preparation in light of current and reasonably foreseeable business conditions (it being understood that actual results may differ
from those set forth in such projected financial statements); 

(e) If any ERISA Event shall occur that individually, or together with any
other ERISA Event that has occurred, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, a certificate of the chief executive officer or chief financial officer of the Borrower Representative setting forth details as to such occurrence
and the action, if any, which the Borrower or applicable member of the ERISA Group is required or proposes to take; 

72 

(f) To the extent the Parent, the General Partner, any Loan Party or any other Subsidiary is
aware of the same, prompt notice of the commencement of any proceeding or investigation by or before any Governmental Authority and any action or proceeding in any court or other tribunal or before any arbitrator against or in any other way relating
adversely to, or adversely affecting, the Parent, the General Partner, any Loan Party or any other Subsidiary or any of their respective properties, assets or businesses which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and
prompt notice of the receipt of notice that any United States income tax returns of any Loan Party or any other Subsidiary are being audited; 

(g) A copy of any amendment to the agreement of limited partnership or other organizational documents of the Borrower Representative within
fifteen (15) Business Days after the effectiveness thereof, other than an amendment to such agreement of limited partnership to reflect issuances of additional interests in the Borrower Representative as authorized by such agreement; 

(h) Prompt notice of (i) any change in the chief executive officer, chief financial officer or chief operating officer of the Borrower,
any Subsidiary or any other Loan Party, or (ii) any change in the business, assets, liabilities, financial condition or results of operations of the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any other Loan Party which has had, or could reasonably be expected
to have, a Material Adverse Effect; 

(i) Promptly upon a Responsible Officer of the Borrower obtaining knowledge thereof, prompt notice of
the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default or any event which constitutes or which with the passage of time, the giving of notice, or otherwise, would constitute a default or event of default by any Loan Party or any other Subsidiary under
any Material Contract to which any such Person is a party or by which any such Person or any of its respective properties may be bound; 

(j) Prompt notice of any order, judgment or decree not covered by insurance in excess of $25,000,000 having been entered against any Loan
Party or any other Subsidiary or any of their respective properties or assets; 

(k) Prompt notice if the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any
other Loan Party shall receive any notification from any Governmental Authority alleging a violation of any Applicable Law or any inquiry which, in either case, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect 

(l) In the event the Parent does not provide the balance sheet of the Parent and its Subsidiaries and the related consolidated statements of
operations, shareholders equity and cash flows for any quarterly or annual period on Form 10-K or 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the
Borrower shall deliver such information to the Administrative Agent for distribution to the Lenders as soon as available and in any event no later than 50 days after the end of each of the first, second and third fiscal quarters of the Parent and 90
days after the end of each fiscal year of the Parent; 

(m) Promptly upon the request of the Administrative Agent, evidence of the
Borrowers calculation of the Ownership Share with respect to a Subsidiary or an Unconsolidated Affiliate, such evidence to be in form and detail satisfactory to the Administrative Agent; 

(n) Promptly, upon any change in the Borrower Representatives Credit Rating, a certificate stating that the Borrower
Representatives Credit Rating has changed and the new Credit Rating that is in effect; 

(o) Promptly upon the request therefor, such
other information and documentation required under applicable know your customer rules and regulations, the PATRIOT Act or any applicable Anti- Money Laundering Laws, in each case as from time to time reasonably requested by the
Administrative Agent or any Lender; 

73 

(p) Prompt notice of the sale, transfer or other disposition of any material assets of the
Borrower, any Subsidiary or any other Loan Party to any Person other than the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any other Loan Party; 

(q)
Prompt written notice, meaning within ten (10) Business Days after the Borrower obtains knowledge thereof, of the occurrence of any of the following: (i) the Borrower, any Loan Party or any other Subsidiary shall receive written notice
that any violation of Environmental Law has or may have been committed or is about to be committed; (ii) the Borrower, any Loan Party or any other Subsidiary shall receive written notice that any administrative or judicial complaint, or order
has been filed or is about to be filed against any such Person alleging any violation of any Environmental Law or requiring the Borrower, any Loan Party or any other Subsidiary to take any action in connection with the release or threatened release
of Hazardous Materials; or (iii) the Borrower, any Loan Party or any other Subsidiary shall receive any notice from a Governmental Authority or private party alleging that any such Person may be liable or responsible for any costs associated
with a response to, or remediation or cleanup of, a release of Hazardous Materials or any damages caused thereby; and the matters covered by such notice(s) under the foregoing clauses (i) through (iii) above, whether individually or in the
aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 

(r) Promptly upon the request of the Administrative Agent, the
Derivatives Termination Value in respect of any Specified Derivatives Contract from time to time outstanding; 

(s) From time to time and
promptly upon each request, such data, certificates, reports, statements, opinions of counsel, documents or further information regarding the business, assets, liabilities, financial condition or results of operations of the Parent, the General
Partner, the Borrower, any of their respective Subsidiaries, or any other Loan Party as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may reasonably request; and 

(t) Promptly, upon any change in the tax identification number of the Borrower Representative, and in any event within ten (10) Business
Days of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower obtaining knowledge thereof, evidence of such new tax identification number issued by the appropriate Governmental Authority in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

Section 8.5. Electronic Delivery of Certain Information. 

(a) Documents required to be delivered pursuant to the Loan Documents shall be delivered by electronic communication and delivery, including,
the Internet, e-mail or intranet websites to which the Administrative Agent and each Lender have access (including a commercial, third-party website or a website sponsored or hosted by the Administrative Agent
or the Borrower Representative) provided that the foregoing shall not apply to (i) notices to any Lender pursuant to Article II. and (ii) any Lender that has notified the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that it cannot or does not
want to receive electronic communications. The Administrative Agent or the Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic delivery pursuant to procedures approved by it for all or
particular notices or communications. Documents or notices delivered electronically shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date and time on which the Administrative Agent or the Borrower posts such documents or the documents become available
on a commercial website and the Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent of said posting by causing an e-mail notification to be sent to an e-mail address specified
from time to time by the Administrative Agent and provides a link thereto; provided if such notice or other communication is not sent or posted during the normal business hours of the recipient, said posting

74 

date and time shall be deemed to have commenced as of 12:00 p.m. noon Eastern time on the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient. Notwithstanding anything contained
herein, in every instance the Borrower shall be required to provide paper copies of the certificate required by Section 8.3. to the Administrative Agent and shall deliver paper copies of any documents to the Administrative Agent or to any
Lender that requests such paper copies until a written request to cease delivering paper copies is given by the Administrative Agent or such Lender. Except for the certificates required by Section 8.3., the Administrative Agent shall have no
obligation to request the delivery of or to maintain paper copies of the documents delivered electronically, and in any event shall have no responsibility to monitor compliance by the Borrower with any such request for delivery. Each Lender shall be
solely responsible for requesting delivery to it of paper copies and maintaining its paper or electronic documents. 

(b) Documents
required to be delivered pursuant to Article II. may be delivered electronically to a website provided for such purpose by the Administrative Agent pursuant to the procedures provided to the Borrower Representative by the Administrative Agent. 

Section 8.6. Public/Private Information. 

The Borrower will cooperate with the Administrative Agent in connection with the publication of certain materials and/or information provided
by or on behalf of the Borrower to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders (collectively, Information Materials) pursuant to this Article and the Borrower will designate Information Materials (a) that are either available to
the public or not material with respect to the Borrower Representative and its Subsidiaries or any of their respective securities for purposes of United States federal and state securities laws, as Public Information and (b) that
are not Public Information as Private Information. The Administrative Agent and the Borrower acknowledge and agree that the Borrower is obligated to file reports under the Securities Exchange Act. All Information Materials filed with or
furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission by, or on behalf of, the Borrower pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act or filed by, or on behalf of, the Borrower with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Securities Act,
distributed by, or on behalf of, the Borrower by press release through a widely disseminated news or wire service, or otherwise expressly designated by the Borrower as Public Information are hereby designated as Public Information and all other
Information Materials are hereby designated as Private Information. 

Section 8.7. USA Patriot Act Notice; Compliance. 

The Administrative Agent and each Lender hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the PATRIOT Act or any other
Anti-Money Laundering Laws, each of them is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each Loan Party, which information includes the name and address of each Loan Party and other information that will allow such Lender to
identify each Loan Party in accordance with the PATRIOT Act or such Anti-Money Laundering Laws. 

ARTICLE IX.
NEGATIVE COVENANTS

For so long as this Agreement is in effect, unless the Requisite Lenders (or, if
required pursuant to Section 12.7., all of the Lenders) shall otherwise consent in the manner set forth in Section 12.7., the Borrower shall comply with the following covenants: 

Section 9.1. Financial Covenants. 

(a) [Intentionally Omitted] 

75 

(b) Maximum Leverage Ratio. The Borrower shall not permit the ratio of (i) Total
Indebtedness to (ii) Total Asset Value to exceed 0.60 to 1.00 at any time; provided,however, that if such ratio is greater than 0.60 to 1.00 but is not greater than 0.65 to 1.00, then the Borrower shall be deemed to be in
compliance with this Section 9.1.(b) so long as (a) the Borrower Representative completed a Material Acquisition which resulted in such ratio (after giving effect to such Material Acquisition) exceeding 0.60 to 1.00 at any time during the
fiscal quarter in which such Material Acquisition took place and for any subsequent consecutive fiscal quarters, (b) the Borrower has not maintained compliance with this Section 9.1.(b) in reliance on this proviso for more than four fiscal
quarters (whether or not consecutive) during the term of this Agreement and (c) such ratio (after giving effect to such Material Acquisition) is not greater than 0.65 to 1.00 at any time. 

(c) Minimum Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio. The Borrower shall not permit the ratio of (i) Adjusted EBITDA for the period of four
consecutive fiscal quarters most recently ended to (ii) Fixed Charges for such period, to be less than 1.50 to 1.00 as of the last day of such period. 

(d) Maximum Secured Indebtedness Ratio. The Borrower shall not permit the ratio of (i) Secured Indebtedness of the Borrower
Representative and its Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis to (ii) Total Asset Value to exceed 0.35 to 1.00 at any time. 

(e) Maximum Unencumbered Leverage Ratio. The Borrower shall not permit the ratio of (i) Unsecured Indebtedness of the Borrower
Representative and its Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis to (ii) Unencumbered Asset Value, to exceed 0.60 to 1.00 at any time; provided,however, that if such ratio is greater than 0.60 to 1.00 but is not greater
than 0.65 to 1.00, then the Borrower shall be deemed to be in compliance with this Section 9.1.(e) so long as (a) the Borrower Representative completed a Material Acquisition which resulted in such ratio (after giving effect to such
Material Acquisition) exceeding 0.60 to 1.00 at any time during the fiscal quarter in which such Material Acquisition took place and for any subsequent consecutive fiscal quarters, (b) the Borrower has not maintained compliance with this
Section 9.1.(e) in reliance on this proviso for more than four fiscal quarters (whether or not consecutive) during the term of this Agreement and (c) such ratio (after giving effect to such Material Acquisition) is not greater than 0.65 to
1.00 at any time. 

(f) [Intentionally Omitted]. 

(g) [Intentionally Omitted]. 

(h) [Intentionally Omitted]. 

(i) Dividends and Other Restricted Payments. The Borrower Representative shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to,
declare or make any Restricted Payment if an Event of Default shall have occurred and is continuing; except that the Borrower Representative may, subject to the immediately following sentence, (i) declare and make cash distributions to its
partners during any fiscal year in an aggregate amount not to exceed the minimum amount necessary for the Parent to maintain its status as a REIT and (ii) make cash distributions to the Parent to the extent required to fund administrative and
operating expenses of the Parent to the extent attributable to any activity of or with respect to the Parent that is not otherwise prohibited by this Agreement (including liabilities incurred in connection with its maintenance of corporate status,
preparation of Securities and Exchange Commission filings, accountants fees and similar administrative matters). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if an Event of Default specified in Section 10.1.(a), Section 10.1.(e) or
Section 10.1.(f) shall have occurred and is continuing, or if as a result of the occurrence of any other Event of Default any of the Obligations have been accelerated pursuant to Section 10.2.(a), the Borrower shall not, and shall not
permit any Subsidiary to, make any Restricted Payment to any Person other than to the Borrower Representative or any Subsidiary. 

76 

Section 9.2. [Intentionally Omitted]. 

Section 9.3. Liens; Negative Pledges. 

(a)The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) or other Loan Party to, create,
assume, or incur any Lien (other than Permitted Liens) upon any of its properties, assets, income or profits of any character whether now owned or hereafter acquired if as a result of the creation, assumption or incurring of such Lien, a Default or
Event of Default is or would be caused thereby or any other Major Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, including without limitation, a Default or Event of Default resulting from a violation of any of the covenants contained in
Section 9.1. 

(b) The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) or other Loan Party
to, enter into, assume or otherwise be bound by any Negative Pledge except for (i) a Negative Pledge contained in any agreement (x) evidencing Indebtedness which (A) the Borrower Representative or such Subsidiary may create, incur,
assume, or permit or suffer to exist under this Agreement and (B) is secured by a Lien permitted to exist hereunder and (y) which prohibits the creation of any other Lien on only the property securing such Indebtedness as of the date such
agreement was entered into or (ii) a Negative Pledge contained in any agreement that evidences unsecured Indebtedness which contains restrictions on encumbering assets that are substantially similar to, or less restrictive than, those
restrictions contained in the Loan Documents. 

Section 9.4. Restrictions on Intercompany Transfers. 

The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any other Loan Party or any other Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) to, create or
otherwise cause or suffer to exist or become effective any consensual encumbrance or restriction of any kind on the ability of any Subsidiary to: (a) pay dividends or make any other distribution on any of such Subsidiarys capital stock or
other equity interests owned by the Borrower or any Subsidiary; (b) pay any Indebtedness owed to the Borrower or any Subsidiary; (c) make loans or advances to the Borrower or any Subsidiary; or (d) transfer any of its property or
assets to the Borrower or any Subsidiary; other than (i) with respect to clauses (a) through (d), those encumbrances or restrictions contained in any Loan Document or in any other agreement (A) evidencing Unsecured Indebtedness that
the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other Subsidiary may create, incur, assume or permit or suffer to exist under this Agreement and (B) containing encumbrances and restrictions imposed in connection with such Unsecured Indebtedness that
are either substantially similar to, or less restrictive than, such encumbrances and restrictions set forth in the Loan Documents, (ii) with respect to clause (d), customary provisions restricting assignment of any agreement entered into by the
Borrower, any other Loan Party or any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business and (iii) with respect to clauses (a) through (d), in the case of a Subsidiary that is not a Wholly Owned Subsidiary, limitations arising after the date
hereof to the effect that any such dividends, distributions, loans, advances or transfers of property must be on fair and reasonable terms and on an arms length basis. 

Section 9.5. Merger, Consolidation, Sales of Assets and Other Arrangements. 

The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any other Loan Party or any other Subsidiary to, (a) enter into any transaction of merger or
consolidation; (b) liquidate, windup or dissolve itself (or suffer any liquidation or dissolution); or (c) convey, sell, lease, sublease, transfer or otherwise dispose of, in one transaction or a series of transactions, all or any
substantial part of its business or assets whether now owned or hereafter acquired; provided, however, that: 

77 

(i) any of the actions described in the immediately preceding
clauses (a), (b) and (c) may be taken with respect to any Subsidiary or any other Loan Party (other than a Borrower) so long as, as a result of the taking of such action, and after giving effect thereto, no Default or Event of Default is
or would be caused thereby, and no other Major Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; notwithstanding the foregoing, any such Loan Party may enter into a transaction of merger pursuant to which such Loan Party is not the
survivor of such merger only if (A) the Borrower shall have given the Administrative Agent and the Lenders at least 10 Business Days prior written notice of such merger; (B) if the survivor entity is already a Loan Party or is
required to become a Guarantor pursuant to Section 7.14. (and is not already a Guarantor), within five (5) Business Days of consummation of such merger, the survivor entity shall have executed and delivered an Accession Agreement (or if
the Guaranty is not then in existence, a Guaranty executed by such survivor entity); (C) within 30 days of consummation of such merger, the survivor entity delivers to the Administrative Agent the following: (1) items of the type referred
to in Sections 5.1.(a)(iv) through (viii) with respect to the survivor entity as in effect after consummation of such merger (if not previously delivered to the Administrative Agent and still in effect), (2) copies of all documents
entered into by such Loan Party or the survivor entity to effectuate the consummation of such merger, including, but not limited to, articles of merger and the plan of merger, (3) copies, certified by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary (or
other individual performing similar functions) of such Loan Party or the survivor entity, of all corporate and shareholder action authorizing such merger and (4) copies of any filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection
with such merger; and (D) such Loan Party and the survivor entity each takes such other action and delivers such other documents, instruments, opinions and agreements as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request; 

(ii) the Borrower, the other Loan Parties and the other Subsidiaries may lease and sublease their respective assets, as lessor
or sublessor (as the case may be), in the ordinary course of their business; 

(iii) a Person may merge with and into a
Borrower so long as (A) a Borrower is the survivor of such merger, (B) immediately prior to such merger, and immediately thereafter and after giving effect thereto, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and
(C) the Borrower shall have given the Administrative Agent and the Lenders at least 10 Business Days prior written notice of such merger (except that such prior notice shall not be required in the case of a merger by a Subsidiary with and
into a Borrower); 

(iv) the Borrower and each Subsidiary may sell, transfer or dispose of assets (including by merger or
liquidation of Subsidiaries) among themselves; and 

(v) the Borrower and each Subsidiary may transfer property as security
for Indebtedness to the extent permitted under Section 9.3. 

Section 9.6. Plans. 

The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any other Loan Party or any other Subsidiary to, permit any of its respective assets to become or
be deemed to be plan assets within the meaning of ERISA (other than as a result of contributions, in the normal course and on behalf of the Plan participants, by the Borrower, any other Loan Party, or any other Subsidiary to Benefit
Arrangements, Plans, or Multiemployer Plans not prohibited by this agreement or any other loan document), the Internal Revenue Code and the respective regulations promulgated thereunder. 

78 

Section 9.7. Fiscal Year. 

The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any other Loan Party or other Subsidiary to, change its fiscal year from that in effect as of the
Agreement Date. 

Section 9.8. Modifications of Organizational Documents. 

The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any other Loan Party or any other Subsidiary to, amend, supplement, restate or otherwise modify
its certificate or articles of incorporation or formation, by-laws, operating agreement, declaration of trust, partnership agreement or other applicable organizational document if such amendment, supplement,
restatement or other modification could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 9.9. Transactions with Affiliates.

The Borrower shall not permit to exist or enter into, and shall not permit any other Loan Party or any other Subsidiary to permit to
exist or enter into, any transaction (including the purchase, sale, lease or exchange of any property or the rendering of any service) with any Affiliate, except (a) compensation, bonus and benefit arrangements with employees, officers and
trustees as permitted by Applicable Law, (b) transactions permitted by Section 9.5. to the extent among the Borrower, the other Loan Parties and other Subsidiaries, (c) Restricted Payments to the Parent and the other partners of the
Borrower in accordance with Section 9.1.(i), or (d) transactions in the ordinary course of and pursuant to the reasonable requirements of the business of the Borrower, such other Loan Party or such other Subsidiary and upon fair and
reasonable terms which are no less favorable to the Borrower, such other Loan Party or such other Subsidiary than would be obtained in a comparable arms length transaction with a Person that is not an Affiliate. 

Section 9.10. Environmental Matters. 

The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any other Loan Party, or any other Subsidiary, and shall use commercially reasonable efforts
(which shall include, for purposes of this Section, including customary provisions in lease agreements with tenants restricting such activities) not to permit any other Person to, use, generate, discharge, emit, manufacture, handle, process, store,
release, transport, remove, dispose of or clean up any Hazardous Materials on, under or from the Properties in violation of any Environmental Law or in a manner that could reasonably be expected to lead to any environmental claim or pose a material
risk to human health, safety or the environment, in each case which violation, claim or risk could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Nothing in this Section shall impose any obligation or liability whatsoever on the
Administrative Agent or any Lender. 

Section 9.11. Non-Controlled Properties. 

The Borrower shall not permit any Subsidiary that owns a Non-Controlled Property to own any assets
other than another Non-Controlled Property and other nonmaterial assets incidental to the ownership of a Non-Controlled Property. 

Section 9.12. Derivatives Contracts. 

The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any other Loan Party or any other Subsidiary to, enter into or become obligated in respect of
Derivatives Contracts other than (i) Derivatives Contracts entered into by the Borrower, any such Loan Party or any such Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business and which establish an effective hedge in respect of liabilities, commitments
or assets held or reasonably 

79 

anticipated by the Borrower, such other Loan Party or such other Subsidiary; (ii) to the extent constituting a Derivatives Contract, convertible or exchangeable notes or similar
instruments issued by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries evidencing Indebtedness (such notes or similar instruments, Convertible Notes) that include an option or requirement to convert or exchange such instrument, in whole or in part, into
or for Equity Interests of the Parent at a future date and that may be discharged, converted, exchanged, prepaid, repurchased or redeemed by (x) delivery of the Parents Equity Interests and/or (y) payments in cash, in whole or in
part, so long as, at the time of the issuance of such Convertible Notes and after giving pro forma effect thereto, the Borrower is in compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section 9.1 with respect to the fiscal period most
recently ended for which financial statements were required to be delivered hereunder; and (iii) any Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction. 

Section 9.13. Use of Proceeds. 

(a)
The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any other Loan Party or any other Subsidiary to, use any part of the proceeds of the Loans to (i) purchase or carry, or to reduce or retire or refinance any credit incurred to purchase or carry, any
margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U or Regulation X of the FRB) or (ii) to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any such margin stock. 

(b) The Borrower will not request any Loans, and the Borrower shall not use, and shall ensure that its Subsidiaries and its or their
respective directors, officers, employees and agents shall not use, the proceeds of any Loans, directly or indirectly, (i) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else
of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws or Anti-Money Laundering Law, (ii) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any
Sanctioned Country, or (iii) in any manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto. 

Section 9.14.
Parent and General Partner. 

For so long as the Parent is not a Guarantor, (a) the Parents assets shall consist solely of
Equity Interests in the Borrower Representative or Equity Interests in any Wholly Owned Subsidiaries (including the General Partner) whose assets consist solely of direct or indirect Equity Interests in the Borrower Representative; provided, that
the Parent may (A) have cash and other assets of nominal value incidental to its ownership of such Equity Interests, (B) maintain assets on a temporary or pass-through basis that are held for subsequent payment of dividends or other
Restricted Payments not prohibited by this Agreement or any other Loan Document or for contribution to any Subsidiary for a period not in excess of ten (10) Business Days; (C) maintain reasonable reserves for liabilities of the type
permitted by the remainder of this Section 9.14; and (D) have rights under Permitted Bond Hedge Transactions, including receiving common shares of Parent in connection with the settlement thereof, provided that such common shares are
retired or transferred to Borrower Representative within 30 days after Parents receipt thereof; and (b) none of the Parent, the General Partner, or any Wholly Owned Subsidiaries of the Parent whose assets consist solely of direct or
indirect Equity Interests in the Borrower Representative, shall have any liabilities other than liabilities that would be reflected in consolidated financial statements of the Borrower Representative; provided, that the Parent may have
(1) other liabilities incidental to its status as a publicly traded REIT and not constituting liabilities in respect of Indebtedness for borrowed money, including liabilities associated with employment contracts, employee benefit matters,
indemnification obligations pursuant to purchase and sale agreements and tax liabilities, (2) nonconsensual obligations imposed by operation of Applicable Law, (3) immaterial intercompany obligations or other intercompany obligations owing
by the Parent or any Subsidiary of the Parent that is not a Subsidiary of the Borrower Representative to the Borrower Representative or any Subsidiary of the Borrower Representative, (4) liabilities incurred in connection with

80 

its maintenance of corporate status, preparation of Securities and Exchange Commission filings, accountants fees and similar administrative matters, (5) liabilities and other
obligations to underwriters, private placement agents and forward purchasers incurred under underwriting agreements, private placement agreements and forward sale agreements in connection with offerings of securities by the Parent,
(6) liabilities arising in connection with litigation or similar matters arising in the ordinary course of business, (7) indemnification, notice, registration and other ministerial obligations and related liabilities in connection with any
Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction, and any delivery obligations upon exercise and settlement or termination of any Permitted Warrant Transaction, and (8) liabilities of a kind similar to those described above which are not, individually or in
the aggregate, material to the Parent, the Borrower and their Subsidiaries taken as a whole. 

ARTICLE X.
DEFAULT

Section 10.1. Events of Default. 

Each of the following shall constitute an Event of Default, whatever the reason for such event and whether it shall be voluntary or involuntary
or be effected by operation of Applicable Law or pursuant to any judgment or order of any Governmental Authority: 

(a) Default in
Payment. The Borrower or any other Loan Party shall fail to pay (i) when due under this Agreement or any other Loan Document (whether upon demand, at maturity, by reason of acceleration or otherwise) the principal of any of the Loans, or
(ii) when due under this Agreement, any other Loan Document or the Fee Letter any interest on, any of the Loans, any of the other payment Obligations owing by the Borrower under this Agreement, any other Loan Document or the Fee Letter and,
solely with respect to this clause (ii) such failure shall continue for a period of five (5) Business Days. 

(b) Default in
Performance. 

(i) Any Loan Party shall fail to perform or observe any term, covenant, condition or agreement on its
part to be performed or observed and contained in Sections 7.1 (with respect to the existence of the Borrower or any other Loan Party), 8.4(i) (with respect to notice of the occurrence of a Default or Event of Default), 8.4.(k) or Article IX.;
or 

(ii) Any Loan Party shall fail to perform or observe any term, covenant, condition or agreement contained in this
Agreement or any other Loan Document to which it is a party and not otherwise mentioned in this Section, and in the case of this subsection (b)(ii) only, such failure shall continue for a period of 30 days after the earlier of (x) the date upon
which a Responsible Officer of the Borrower or such other Loan Party obtains knowledge of such failure or (y) the date upon which the Borrower has received written notice of such failure from the Administrative Agent. 

(c) Misrepresentations. Any written statement, representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of any Loan Party under
this Agreement or under any other Loan Document, or any amendment hereto or thereto, or in any other writing or statement at any time furnished by, or at the direction of, any Loan Party to the Administrative Agent or any Lender, shall at any time
prove to have been incorrect or misleading, in light of the circumstances in which made or deemed made, in any material respect (or, to the extent qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) when furnished or made or deemed
made. 

81 

(d) Indebtedness Cross-Default. 

(i) The Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other Subsidiary shall fail to make any payment when due and payable of the
principal of, or interest on (after giving effect to the expiration of any grace period for such payment), any Indebtedness (other than the Loans but including Secured Indebtedness accelerated or required to be prepaid or repurchased prior to the
stated maturity as a result of a casualty with respect to, or condemnation of, the Property securing such Secured Indebtedness) having an aggregate outstanding principal amount (or, in the case of any Derivatives Contract, having, without regard to
the effect of any close-out netting provision, a Derivatives Termination Value), in each case individually or in the aggregate with all other Indebtedness as to which such a failure exists, of more than
$125,000,000 (Material Indebtedness); or 

(ii) (x) The maturity of any Material Indebtedness shall
have been accelerated in accordance with the provisions of any indenture, contract or instrument evidencing, providing for the creation of or otherwise concerning such Material Indebtedness or (y) any Material Indebtedness shall have been
required to be prepaid or repurchased prior to the stated maturity thereof, other than, in the case of clause (y), Convertible Notes which are prepaid, repurchased, redeemed or exchanged in accordance with the terms thereof prior to their maturity,
and not in any case as a result of any breach or violation of the terms of such Convertible Notes; or 

(iii) Any other
event shall have occurred and be continuing (and any related grace period shall have expired) which would permit any holder or holders of any Material Indebtedness, any trustee or agent acting on behalf of such holder or holders or any other Person,
to accelerate the maturity of any such Material Indebtedness or require any such Material Indebtedness to be prepaid or repurchased prior to its stated maturity, other than Convertible Notes which are prepaid, repurchased, redeemed or exchanged in
accordance with the terms thereof and not in any case as a result of any breach or violation of the terms of such Convertible Notes; or 

(iv) Any Loan Party shall fail to pay when due and payable amounts in excess of $125,000,000 in the aggregate owing in respect
of any Derivatives Contracts; or 

(v) An Event of Default under and as defined in the Revolver Credit Agreement
(as amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise modified from time to time) shall have occurred and be continuing; provided, however, if a lender thereunder has agreed to waive such Event of Default thereunder and such lender is also a
Lender under this Agreement, then such Lender shall also be deemed to have waived the corresponding Event of Default under this Section 10.1.(d)(v). 

The provisions of the immediately preceding clauses (ii) and (iii) shall not apply to any Secured Indebtedness accelerated, or
required to be prepaid or repurchased prior to the stated maturity thereof, as a result of a casualty with respect to, or condemnation of, the Property securing such Secured Indebtedness. 

(e) Voluntary Bankruptcy Proceeding. The Borrower, any other Loan Party, the Parent, the General Partner, or any Significant
Subsidiary, shall: (i) commence a voluntary case under the Bankruptcy Code or other federal bankruptcy laws (as now or hereafter in effect); (ii) file a petition seeking to take advantage of any other Applicable Laws, domestic or foreign,
relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, winding- up, or composition or adjustment of debts; (iii) consent to, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate manner, any petition filed against it in an involuntary case under such
bankruptcy laws or other Applicable Laws or consent to any proceeding or action described in the immediately following subsection (f); (iv) apply for or consent to, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate manner, the appointment of, or the
taking of possession by, a receiver, custodian, trustee, or liquidator of itself or of a substantial part of its property, domestic or foreign; (v) admit in writing its inability to pay its debts as they become due; (vi) make a general
assignment for the benefit of creditors; (vii) make a conveyance fraudulent as to creditors under any Applicable Law; or (viii) take any corporate or partnership action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing. 

82 

(f) Involuntary Bankruptcy Proceeding. A case or other proceeding shall be commenced
against the Borrower, any other Loan Party, the Parent, the General Partner, or any other Significant Subsidiary, in any court of competent jurisdiction seeking: (i) relief under the Bankruptcy Code or other federal bankruptcy laws (as now or
hereafter in effect) or under any other Applicable Laws, domestic or foreign, relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, winding-up, or composition or adjustment of debts; or (ii) the appointment
of a trustee, receiver, custodian, liquidator or the like of such Person, or of all or any substantial part of the assets, domestic or foreign, of such Person, and in the case of either clause (i) or (ii) such case or proceeding shall continue
undismissed or unstayed for a period of 60 consecutive days, or an order granting the remedy or other relief requested in such case or proceeding (including, but not limited to, an order for relief under such Bankruptcy Code or such other federal
bankruptcy laws) shall be entered. 

(g) Revocation of Loan Documents. The Borrower or any other Loan Party shall disavow, revoke or
terminate (or, except as expressly permitted herein, attempt to terminate) any Loan Document or the Fee Letter to which it is a party or shall otherwise challenge or contest in any action, suit or proceeding in any court or before any Governmental
Authority the validity or enforceability of any Loan Document or the Fee Letter or any Loan Document or the Fee Letter shall cease to be in full force and effect (except as a result of the express terms thereof). 

(h) Judgment. A judgment or order for the payment of money or for an injunction or other
non-monetary relief shall be entered against the Borrower, any other Loan Party, or any other Subsidiary by any court or other tribunal and (i) such judgment or order shall continue for a period of thirty
(30) days without being paid, stayed or dismissed through appropriate appellate proceedings and (ii) either (A) the amount of such judgment or order for which insurance has not been acknowledged in writing by the applicable insurance
carrier (or the amount as to which the insurer has denied liability) exceeds, individually or together with all other such outstanding judgments or orders entered against the Loan Parties or any other Subsidiary, $125,000,000 or (B) in the case
of an injunction or other non-monetary relief, such injunction or judgment or order could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(i) Attachment. A warrant, writ of attachment, execution or similar process shall be issued against any property of the Borrower, any
other Loan Party or any other Subsidiary, which exceeds, individually or together with all other such warrants, writs, executions and processes, $125,000,000 in amount and such warrant, writ, execution or process shall not be paid, discharged,
vacated, stayed or bonded for a period of thirty (30) days; provided, however, that if a bond has been issued in favor of the claimant or other Person obtaining such warrant, writ, execution or process, the issuer of such bond shall execute a
waiver or subordination agreement in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent pursuant to which the issuer of such bond subordinates its right of reimbursement, contribution or subrogation to the Obligations and waives or
subordinates any Lien it may have on the assets of the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any Subsidiary. 

(j) ERISA. 

(i) Any ERISA Event shall have occurred that results or could reasonably be expected to result in liability to any member of
the ERISA Group aggregating in excess of $125,000,000; or 

83 

(ii) As of the most recent valuation date, the benefit
obligation of all Plans exceeds the fair market value of plan assets for such Plans by more than $125,000,000, all as determined, and with such terms defined, in accordance with FASB ASC 715. 

(k) Loan Documents. An Event of Default (as defined therein) shall occur under any of the other Loan Documents. 

(l) Change of Control/Change in Management. 

(i) (x) Any person or group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act), is or becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act, except that a Person will be deemed to have
beneficial ownership of all securities that such Person has the right to acquire, whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time), directly or indirectly, of more than 35% of the total voting power of the
then outstanding voting securities of the Parent, (y) the Parent shall cease to own, directly or indirectly, greater than 50% of the partnership interests of the Borrower Representative or (z) the Parent ceases to, directly or indirectly,
have the power to exercise management and control of the Borrower Representative; or 

(ii) During any period of 12
consecutive months ending after the Agreement Date, individuals who at the beginning of any such 12 month period constituted the Board of Trustees of the Parent (together with any new trustees whose election by such Board or whose nomination for
election by the shareholders of the Parent was approved by a vote of a majority of the trustees then still in office who were either trustees at the beginning of such period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved)
cease for any reason to constitute two-thirds (2/3) of the Board of Trustees of the Parent then in office; or 

(iii) Any Person other than the General Partner, the Parent or any Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the Parent shall become the
general partner of the Borrower Representative; 

(iv) The Parent shall cease to be the sole member of the General Partner;
or 

(v) So long as FRIT San Jose is a Borrower hereunder, FRIT San Jose ceases to be a Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the
Borrower Representative. 

Section 10.2. Remedies Upon Event of Default. 

Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default the following provisions shall apply: 

(a) Acceleration; Termination of Facilities. 

(i) Automatic. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Sections 10.1.(e) or 10.1.(f), (1)(A) the
principal of, and all accrued interest on, the Loans and the Notes at the time outstanding and (B) all of the other Obligations, including, but not limited to, the other amounts owed to the Lenders and the Administrative Agent under this
Agreement, the Notes or any of the other Loan Documents shall become immediately and automatically due and payable without presentment, demand, protest, or other notice of any kind, all of which are expressly waived by the Borrower on behalf of
itself and the other Loan Parties, and (2) the Commitments, if any are then outstanding, shall all immediately and automatically terminate. 

84 

(ii) Optional. If any other Event of Default shall exist, the
Administrative Agent may, and at the direction of the Requisite Lenders shall: (1) declare (A) the principal of, and accrued interest on, the Loans and the Notes at the time outstanding and (B) all of the other Obligations, including,
but not limited to, the other amounts owed to the Lenders and the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, the Notes or any of the other Loan Documents to be forthwith due and payable, whereupon the same shall immediately become due and payable
without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are expressly waived by the Borrower on behalf of itself and the other Loan Parties, and (2) terminate the Commitments, if any are then outstanding. 

(b) Loan Documents. The Requisite Lenders may direct the Administrative Agent to, and the Administrative Agent if so directed shall,
exercise any and all of its rights under any and all of the other Loan Documents. 

(c) Applicable Law. The Requisite Lenders may
direct the Administrative Agent to, and the Administrative Agent if so directed shall, exercise all other rights and remedies it may have under any Applicable Law. 

(d) Appointment of Receiver. To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall be entitled to
the appointment of a receiver for the assets and properties of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, without notice of any kind whatsoever and without regard to the adequacy of any security for the Obligations or the solvency of any party bound for its
payment, to take possession of all or any portion of the property and/or the business operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and to exercise such power as the court shall confer upon such receiver. 

(e) Specified Derivatives Contract Remedies. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or other Loan Document, each
Specified Derivatives Provider shall have the right, with prompt notice to the Administrative Agent, but without the approval or consent of or other action by the Administrative Agent or the Lenders, and without limitation of other remedies
available to such Specified Derivatives Provider under contract or Applicable Law, to undertake any of the following: (a) to declare an event of default, termination event or other similar event under any Specified Derivatives Contract and to
create an Early Termination Date (as defined therein) in respect thereof, (b) to determine net termination amounts in respect of any and all Specified Derivatives Contracts in accordance with the terms thereof, and to set off
amounts among such contracts, (c) to set off or proceed against deposit account balances, securities account balances and other property and amounts held by such Specified Derivatives Provider pursuant to any Derivatives Support Document,
including any Posted Collateral (as defined in any credit support annex included in any such Derivatives Support Document to which such Specified Derivatives Provider may be a party), and (d) to prosecute any legal action against
the Borrower, any Loan Party or other Subsidiary to enforce or collect net amounts owing to such Specified Derivatives Provider pursuant to any Specified Derivatives Contract. For the avoidance of doubt, none of the foregoing remedies instituted by
a Specified Derivatives Provider shall by itself constitute a Default or Event of Default hereunder unless otherwise specifically set forth herein. 

Section 10.3. Remedies Upon Default. 

Upon the occurrence of a Default specified in Section 10.1.(f), the Commitments, if any are then outstanding, shall immediately and
automatically terminate. 

85 

Section 10.4. Marshaling; Payments Set Aside. 

None of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Specified Derivatives Provider shall be under any obligation to marshal any assets in favor
of any Loan Party or any other party or against or in payment of any or all of the Obligations or the Specified Derivatives Obligations. To the extent that any Loan Party makes a payment or payments to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any
Specified Derivatives Provider, or the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Specified Derivatives Provider enforce their security interests or exercise their rights of setoff, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or
setoff or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside and/or required to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party under any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or
equitable cause, then to the extent of such recovery, the Obligations or Specified Derivatives Obligations, or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied, and all Liens, rights and remedies therefor, shall be revived and continued in full
force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred. 

Section 10.5. Allocation of Proceeds.

If an Event of Default exists, all payments received by the Administrative Agent under any of the Loan Documents (or any Lender as a
result of exercise of remedies pursuant to Section 12.4.), in respect of any principal of or interest on the Obligations or any other amounts payable by the Borrower hereunder or thereunder, shall be applied in the following order and priority:

(a) amounts due to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in respect of expenses due under Section 12.2. until paid
in full, and then Fees; 

(b) payments of interest on the Loans to be applied for the ratable benefit of the Lenders; 

(c) payments of principal of the Loans to be applied for the ratable benefit of the Lenders; 

(d) amounts due to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders pursuant to Sections 11.6. and 12.10.; 

(e) payments of all other Obligations and other amounts due under any of the Loan Documents to be applied for the ratable
benefit of the Lenders; and 

(f) any amount remaining after application as provided above, shall be paid to the Borrower or
whomever else may be legally entitled thereto. 

Section 10.6. [Intentionally Omitted]. 

Section 10.7. Rescission of Acceleration by Requisite Lenders. 

If at any time after acceleration of the maturity of the Loans and the other Obligations, the Borrower shall pay all arrears of interest and
all payments on account of principal of the Obligations which shall have become due otherwise than by acceleration (with interest on principal and, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, on overdue interest, at the rates specified in this
Agreement) and all Events of Default and Defaults (other than nonpayment of principal of and accrued interest on the Obligations due and payable solely by virtue of acceleration) shall become remedied or waived to the satisfaction of the Requisite
Lenders, then by written notice to the Borrower, the Requisite Lenders may elect, in the sole discretion of 

86 

such Requisite Lenders, to rescind and annul the acceleration and its consequences. The provisions of the preceding sentence are intended merely to bind all of the Lenders to a decision which may
be made at the election of the Requisite Lenders, and are not intended to benefit the Borrower and do not give the Borrower the right to require the Lenders to rescind or annul any acceleration hereunder, even if the conditions set forth herein are
satisfied. 

Section 10.8. Performance by Administrative Agent. 

If the Borrower or any other Loan Party shall fail to perform any covenant, duty or agreement contained in any of the Loan Documents, the
Administrative Agent may, after notice to the Borrower, perform or attempt to perform such covenant, duty or agreement on behalf of the Borrower or such other Loan Party after the expiration of any cure or grace periods set forth herein. In such
event, the Borrower shall, at the request of the Administrative Agent, promptly pay any amount reasonably expended by the Administrative Agent in such performance or attempted performance to the Administrative Agent, together with interest thereon
at the applicable Post-Default Rate from the date of such expenditure until paid. Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall have any liability or responsibility whatsoever to perform any obligation of the
Borrower under this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 

Section 10.9. Rights Cumulative. 

(a) Generally. The rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Specified Derivatives Providers under this
Agreement, each of the other Loan Documents, the Fee Letter and Specified Derivatives Contracts shall be cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies which any of them may otherwise have under Applicable Law. In exercising their respective
rights and remedies the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Specified Derivatives Providers may be selective and no failure or delay by the Administrative Agent, any of the Lenders or any of the Specified Derivatives Providers in exercising
any right shall operate as a waiver of it, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any power or right preclude its other or further exercise or the exercise of any other power or right. 

(b) Enforcement by Administrative Agent. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, the
authority to enforce rights and remedies hereunder and under the other Loan Documents against the Loan Parties or any of them shall be vested exclusively in, and all actions and proceedings at law in connection with such enforcement shall be
instituted and maintained exclusively by, the Administrative Agent in accordance with Article X. for the benefit of all the Lenders; provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit (i) the Administrative Agent from exercising on its
own behalf the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as Administrative Agent) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (ii) any Specified Derivatives Provider from exercising the rights and remedies that
inure to its benefit under any Specified Derivatives Contract, (iii) any Lender from exercising setoff rights in accordance with Section 12.4. (subject to the terms of Section 3.3.), or (iv) any Lender from filing proofs of claim
or appearing and filing pleadings on its own behalf during the pendency of a proceeding relative to any Loan Party under any Debtor Relief Law; and provided, further, that if at any time there is no Person acting as Administrative
Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, then (x) the Requisite Lenders shall have the rights otherwise ascribed to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Article X. and (y) in addition to the matters set forth in
clauses (iii) and (iv) of the preceding proviso and subject to Section 3.3., any Lender may, with the consent of the Requisite Lenders, enforce any rights and remedies available to it and as authorized by the Requisite Lenders. 

87 

ARTICLE XI. THE ADMINISTRATIVE
AGENT

Section 11.1. Appointment and Authorization. 

Each Lender hereby irrevocably appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such action as contractual representative on such
Lenders behalf and to exercise such powers under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as are specifically delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof and thereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental
thereto. Not in limitation of the foregoing, each Lender authorizes and directs the Administrative Agent to enter into the Loan Documents for the benefit of the Lenders. Each Lender hereby agrees that, except as otherwise set forth herein, any
action taken by the Requisite Lenders in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement or the Loan Documents, and the exercise by the Requisite Lenders of the powers set forth herein or therein, together with such other powers as are reasonably
incidental thereto, shall be authorized and binding upon all of the Lenders. Nothing herein shall be construed to deem the Administrative Agent a trustee or fiduciary for any Lender or to impose on the Administrative Agent duties or obligations
other than those expressly provided for herein. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the use of the terms Agent, Administrative Agent, agent and similar terms in the Loan Documents with reference to
the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any Applicable Law. Instead, use of such terms is merely a matter of market custom, and is intended to
create or reflect only an administrative relationship between independent contracting parties. The Administrative Agent shall deliver to each Lender, promptly upon receipt thereof by the Administrative Agent, copies of each of the financial
statements, certificates, notices and other documents delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Article VIII. that the Borrower is not otherwise required to deliver directly to the Lenders. The Administrative Agent will furnish to any
Lender, upon the request of such Lender, a copy (or, where appropriate, an original) of any document, instrument, agreement, certificate or notice furnished to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other Affiliate of
the Borrower, pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document not already delivered to such Lender pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any such other Loan Document. As to any matters not expressly provided for by the Loan Documents
(including, without limitation, enforcement or collection of any of the Obligations), the Administrative Agent shall not be required to exercise any discretion or take any action, but shall be required to act or to refrain from acting (and shall be
fully protected in so acting or refraining from acting) upon the instructions of the Requisite Lenders (or all of the Lenders if explicitly required under any other provision of this Agreement), and such instructions shall be binding upon all
Lenders and all holders of any of the Obligations; provided, however, that, notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action which exposes the Administrative Agent to
personal liability or which is contrary to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or Applicable Law. Not in limitation of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent may exercise any right or remedy it or the Lenders may have under any Loan Document
upon the occurrence of a Default or an Event of Default unless the Requisite Lenders have directed the Administrative Agent otherwise. Without limiting the foregoing, no Lender shall have any right of action whatsoever against the Administrative
Agent as a result of the Administrative Agent acting or refraining from acting under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents in accordance with the instructions of the Requisite Lenders, or where applicable, all the Lenders. 

Section 11.2. PNC Bank as Lender. 

PNC Bank, as a Lender or as a Specified Derivatives Provider, as the case may be, shall have the same rights and powers under this Agreement
and any other Loan Document and under any Specified Derivatives Contract, as the case may be, as any other Lender or Specified Derivatives Provider and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent; and the term
Lender or Lenders shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated, include PNC Bank in each case in its individual capacity. PNC 

88 

Bank and its Affiliates may each accept deposits from, maintain deposits or credit balances for, invest in, lend money to, act as trustee under indentures of, serve as financial advisor to, and
generally engage in any kind of business with the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other Affiliate thereof as if it were any other bank and without any duty to account therefor to the other Lenders or any other Specified Derivatives Providers.
Further, the Administrative Agent and any Affiliate may accept fees and other consideration from the Borrower for services in connection with this Agreement or any Specified Derivatives Contract, or otherwise without having to account for the same
to the other Lenders or any other Specified Derivatives Providers. The Lenders acknowledge that, pursuant to such activities, PNC Bank or its Affiliates may receive information regarding the Borrower, other Loan Parties, other Subsidiaries and other
Affiliates (including information that may be subject to confidentiality obligations in favor of such Person) and acknowledge that the Administrative Agent shall be under no obligation to provide such information to them. 

Section 11.3. Approvals of Lenders. 

All communications from the Administrative Agent to any Lender requesting such Lenders determination, consent or approval (a) shall
be given in the form of a written notice to such Lender, (b) shall be accompanied by a description of the matter or issue as to which such determination, approval or consent is requested, or shall advise such Lender where information, if any,
regarding such matter or issue may be inspected, or shall otherwise describe the matter or issue to be resolved, and (c) shall include, if reasonably requested by such Lender and to the extent not previously provided to such Lender, written
materials provided to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower in respect of the matter or issue to be resolved. Unless a Lender shall give written notice to the Administrative Agent that it specifically objects to the requested determination,
consent or approval within ten (10) Business Days (or such lesser or greater period as may be specifically required under the express terms of the Loan Documents) of receipt of such communication, such Lender shall be deemed to have
conclusively approved such requested determination, consent or approval. The provisions of this Section shall not apply to any amendment, waiver or consent regarding any of the matters described in Section 12.7.(c). 

Section 11.4. Notice of Events of Default. 

The Administrative Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge or notice of the occurrence of a Default or Event of Default unless the
Administrative Agent has received notice thereof from a Lender or the Borrower referring to this Agreement, describing with reasonable specificity such Default or Event of Default and stating that such notice is a notice of default. If
any Lender (excluding the Lender which is also serving as the Administrative Agent) becomes aware of any Default or Event of Default, it shall promptly send to the Administrative Agent such a notice of default. Further, if the
Administrative Agent receives such a notice of default, the Administrative Agent shall give prompt notice thereof to the Lenders. 

Section 11.5. Administrative Agents Reliance. 

Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement or any other Loan Documents, neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its directors,
officers, agents, employees or counsel shall be liable for any action taken or not taken by it under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except for its or their own gross negligence or willful misconduct in connection
with its duties expressly set forth herein or therein as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final non-appealable judgment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative
Agent may consult with legal counsel (including its own counsel or counsel for the Borrower or any other Loan Party), independent public accountants and other experts selected by it and shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken
in good faith by it in accordance with the advice of such counsel, accountants or experts. Neither 

89 

the Administrative Agent nor any of its directors, officers, agents, employees or counsel: (a) makes any warranty or representation to any Lender or any other Person, or shall be responsible
to any Lender or any other Person for any statement, warranty or representation made or deemed made by the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other Person in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document; (b) shall have any
duty to ascertain or to inquire as to the performance or observance of any of the terms, covenants or conditions of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the satisfaction of any conditions precedent under this Agreement or any Loan Document
on the part of the Borrower or other Persons, or to inspect the property, books or records of the Borrower or any other Person; (c) shall be responsible to any Lender for the due execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness,
sufficiency or value of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, any other instrument or document furnished pursuant thereto; (d) shall have any liability in respect of any recitals, statements, certifications, representations or warranties
contained in any of the Loan Documents or any other document, instrument, agreement, certificate or statement delivered in connection therewith; and (e) shall incur any liability under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan Document
by acting upon any notice, consent, certificate or other instrument or writing (which may be by telephone or electronic mail) believed by it to be genuine and signed, sent or given by the proper party or parties. The Administrative Agent may execute
any of its duties under the Loan Documents by or through agents, employees or attorneys-in-fact and shall not itself be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of
any agent or attorney-in-fact that it selects in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final non-appealable judgment. 

Section 11.6. Indemnification of Administrative Agent. 

Each Lender agrees to indemnify the Administrative Agent (to the extent not reimbursed by the Borrower and without limiting the obligation of
the Borrower to do so) pro rata in accordance with such Lenders respective pro rata share (determined based on the respective unpaid principal amounts of the Loans plus the amount of the Commitment (if any) held by them as of the time of such
claim), from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses of any
kind or nature whatsoever which may at any time be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent but not as a Lender) in any way relating to or arising out of the Loan Documents, any
transaction contemplated hereby or thereby or any action taken or omitted by the Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents (collectively, Indemnifiable Amounts); provided, however, that no Lender shall be liable for any
portion of such Indemnifiable Amounts to the extent resulting from the Administrative Agents gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final,
non-appealable judgment; provided, however, that no action taken in accordance with the directions of the Requisite Lenders (or all of the Lenders, if expressly required hereunder) shall be
deemed to constitute gross negligence or willful misconduct for purposes of this Section. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Lender agrees to reimburse the Administrative Agent (to the extent not reimbursed by the Borrower and
without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so) promptly upon demand for its ratable share of any out-of-pocket expenses (including the reasonable fees and
expenses of the counsel to the Administrative Agent) incurred by the Administrative Agent in connection with the preparation, negotiation, execution, administration, or enforcement (whether through negotiations, legal proceedings, or otherwise) of,
or legal advice with respect to the rights or responsibilities of the parties under, the Loan Documents, any suit or action brought by the Administrative Agent to enforce the terms of the Loan Documents and/or collect any Obligations, any
lender liability suit or claim brought against the Administrative Agent and/or the Lenders, and any claim or suit brought against the Administrative Agent and/or the Lenders arising under any Environmental Laws. Such out-of-pocket expenses (including counsel fees) shall be advanced by the Lenders on the request of the Administrative Agent notwithstanding any claim or assertion that the
Administrative Agent is not entitled to indemnification hereunder upon receipt of an undertaking by the Administrative Agent that the Administrative Agent will reimburse the Lenders if 

90 

it is actually and finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction that the Administrative Agent is not so entitled to indemnification. The agreements in this Section shall survive the
payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder or under the other Loan Documents and the termination of this Agreement. If the Borrower shall reimburse the Administrative Agent for any Indemnifiable Amount following payment by any
Lender to the Administrative Agent in respect of such Indemnifiable Amount pursuant to this Section, the Administrative Agent shall share such reimbursement on a ratable basis with each Lender making any such payment. 

Section 11.7. Lender Credit Decision, Etc. 

Each of the Lenders expressly acknowledges and agrees that neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its officers, directors, employees,
agents, counsel, attorneys-in-fact or other Affiliates has made any representations or warranties to such Lender and that no act by the Administrative Agent hereafter
taken, including any review of the affairs of the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other Subsidiary or Affiliate, shall be deemed to constitute any such representation or warranty by the Administrative Agent to any Lender. Each of the Lenders
acknowledges that it has made its own credit and legal analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any other Lender or counsel to the
Administrative Agent, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents or counsel, and based on the financial statements of the Borrower, the other Loan Parties, the other Subsidiaries and other Affiliates, and inquiries of such
Persons, its independent due diligence of the business and affairs of the Borrower, the other Loan Parties, the other Subsidiaries and other Persons, its review of the Loan Documents, the legal opinions required to be delivered to it hereunder, the
advice of its own counsel and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate. Each of the Lenders also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any other Lender or counsel to the
Administrative Agent or any of their respective officers, directors, employees and agents, and based on such review, advice, documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not
taking action under the Loan Documents. The Administrative Agent shall not be required to keep itself informed as to the performance or observance by the Borrower or any other Loan Party of the Loan Documents or any other document referred to or
provided for therein or to inspect the properties or books of, or make any other investigation of, the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other Subsidiary. Except for notices, reports and other documents and information expressly required to be
furnished to the Lenders by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent shall have no duty or responsibility to provide any Lender with any credit or other information concerning the
business, operations, property, financial and other condition or creditworthiness of the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other Affiliate thereof which may come into possession of the Administrative Agent or any of its officers, directors,
employees, agents, attorneys-in-fact or other Affiliates. Each of the Lenders acknowledges that the Administrative Agents legal counsel in connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement is only acting as counsel to the Administrative Agent and is not acting as counsel to any Lender. 

Section 11.8. Successor Administrative Agent. 

The Administrative Agent may (i) be removed as administrative agent by all of the Lenders (other than the Lender then acting as
Administrative Agent) and the Borrower upon 30 days prior written notice if the Administrative Agent (A) is found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final, non-appealable judgment to have
committed gross negligence or willful misconduct in the course of performing its duties hereunder or (B) has become or is insolvent or has become the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee
or custodian appointed for it, or has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any such proceeding or appointment and (ii) resign at any time as Administrative Agent under the Loan
Documents by giving 

91 

written notice thereof to the Lenders and the Borrower. Upon any such removal or resignation, the Requisite Lenders shall have the right to appoint a successor Administrative Agent which
appointment shall, provided no Event of Default exists, be subject to the Borrowers approval, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed (except that the Borrower shall, in all events, be deemed to have approved each Lender
and any of its Affiliates as a successor Administrative Agent). If no successor Administrative Agent shall have been so appointed in accordance with the immediately preceding sentence, and shall have accepted such appointment, within 30 days after
(i) the Lenders giving of notice of removal or (ii) the resigning Administrative Agents giving of notice of resignation, then the removed or resigning Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations
under the Loan Documents and may, on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor Administrative Agent, which shall be a Lender, if any Lender shall be willing to serve, and otherwise shall be an Eligible Assignee which, provided no Event of Default
exists, shall be approved by the Borrower (such approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed); provided that if the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders that no Lender has accepted such appointment, then such
resignation shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such notice and (1) the Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and (2) all payments,
communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made to each Lender directly until such time as a successor Administrative Agent has been appointed as provided for above in this
Section; provided, further that such Lenders so acting directly shall be and be deemed to be protected by all indemnities and other provisions herein for the benefit and protection of the Administrative Agent as if each such Lender were itself the
Administrative Agent. Upon the acceptance of any appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder by a successor Administrative Agent such successor Administrative Agent, or, if no such successor has been appointed, the Requisite Lenders, shall
thereupon succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the removed or resigning Administrative Agent. After any Administrative Agents removal or resignation hereunder as Administrative Agent, the
provisions of this Article XI. shall continue to inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary,
subject to the Borrowers approval, the Administrative Agent may assign its rights and duties under the Loan Documents to any of its Affiliates reasonably acceptable to the Borrower by giving the Borrower and each Lender prior written notice.

Section 11.9. Titled Agents. 

The Arrangers and Co-Syndication Agents (the Titled Agents) in such respective
capacities, assume no responsibility or obligation hereunder, including, without limitation, for servicing, enforcement or collection of any of the Loans, nor any duties as an agent hereunder for the Lenders. The titles given to the Titled Agents
are solely honorific and imply no fiduciary responsibility on the part of the Titled Agents to the Administrative Agent, any Lender, the Borrower or any other Loan Party and the use of such titles does not impose on the Titled Agents any duties or
obligations greater than those of any other Lender or entitle the Titled Agents to any rights other than those to which any other Lender is entitled. 

Section 11.10. Erroneous Payments. 

(a) Each Lender, each other Specified Derivatives Provider and any other party hereto hereby severally agrees that if (i) the
Administrative Agent notifies (which such notice shall be conclusive absent manifest error) such Lender or any other Specified Derivatives Provider or any other Person that has received funds from the Administrative Agent or any of its
Affiliates, either for its own account or on behalf of a Lender or other Specified Derivatives Provider (each such recipient, a Payment Recipient) that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion that any funds
received by such Payment Recipient were erroneously transmitted to, or otherwise erroneously or mistakenly received by, such Payment Recipient (whether or not known to such Payment Recipient) or (ii) any Payment

92 

Recipient receives any payment from the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice
of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment, as applicable, (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a notice of payment, prepayment or
repayment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment, as applicable, or (z) that such Payment Recipient otherwise becomes aware was transmitted or received in error or by
mistake (in whole or in part) then, in each case, an error in payment shall be presumed to have been made (any such amounts specified in clauses (i) or (ii) of this Section 11.10(a), whether received as a payment,
prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise; individually and collectively, an Erroneous Payment), then, in each case, such Payment Recipient is deemed to have knowledge of such error at the
time of its receipt of such Erroneous Payment; provided that nothing in this Section shall require the Administrative Agent to provide any of the notices specified in clauses (i) or (ii) above. Each Payment Recipient agrees that it shall
not assert any right or claim to any Erroneous Payment, and hereby waives any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the
Administrative Agent for the return of any Erroneous Payments, including without limitation waiver of any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. 

(b) Without limiting the immediately preceding clause (a), each Payment Recipient agrees that, in the case of clause (a)(ii) above, it shall
promptly notify the Administrative Agent in writing of such occurrence. 

(c) In the case of either clause (a)(i) or (a)(ii) above, such
Erroneous Payment shall at all times remain the property of the Administrative Agent and shall be segregated by the Payment Recipient and held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, and upon demand from the Administrative Agent such
Payment Recipient shall (or, shall cause any Person who received any portion of an Erroneous Payment on its behalf to), promptly, but in all events no later than two Business Days thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such
Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds and in the currency so received, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Erroneous Payment (or portion
thereof) was received by such Payment Recipient to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on
interbank compensation from time to time in effect. 

(d) In the event that an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered by
the Administrative Agent for any reason, after demand therefor by the Administrative Agent in accordance with immediately preceding clause (c), from any Lender that is a Payment Recipient or an Affiliate of a Payment Recipient (such unrecovered
amount as to such Lender, an Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency), then at the sole discretion of the Administrative Agent and upon the Administrative Agents written notice to such Lender (i) such Lender shall be deemed
to have made a cashless assignment of the full face amount of the portion of its Loans (but not its Commitments) of the relevant Class with respect to which such Erroneous Payment was made (the Erroneous Payment Impacted
Class) to the Administrative Agent or, at the option of the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agents applicable lending affiliate in an amount that is equal to the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency (or such lesser amount as
the Administrative Agent may specify) (such assignment of the Loans (but not Commitments) of the Erroneous Payment Impacted Class, the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment) plus any accrued and unpaid interest on such assigned
amount, without further consent or approval of any party hereto and without any payment by the Administrative Agent or its applicable lending affiliate as the assignee of such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment. The parties hereto acknowledge
and agree that (1) any assignment contemplated in this clause (d) shall be made without any requirement for any payment or other consideration paid by the applicable assignee or received by the assignor, (2) the provisions of this
clause (d) shall govern in the event of any conflict with the terms and conditions of Section 12.6 and (3) the Administrative Agent may reflect such assignments in the Register without further consent or action by
any other Person. 

93 

(e) Each party hereto hereby agrees that (x) in the event an Erroneous Payment (or
portion thereof) is not recovered from any Payment Recipient that has received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent (1) shall be subrogated to all the rights of such Payment Recipient with respect
to such amount and (2) is authorized to set off, net and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Payment Recipient under any Loan Document, or otherwise payable or distributable by the Administrative Agent to such Payment Recipient
from any source, against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this Section 11.10 or under the indemnification provisions of this Agreement, (y) the receipt of an Erroneous Payment by a Payment Recipient
shall not for the purpose of this Agreement be treated as a payment, prepayment, repayment, discharge or other satisfaction of any Obligations owed by the Borrower or any other Loan Party, except, in each case, to the extent such Erroneous Payment
is, and solely with respect to the amount of such Erroneous Payment that is, comprised of funds received by the Administrative Agent from the Borrower or any other Loan Party for the purpose of making a payment on the Obligations and (z) to the
extent that an Erroneous Payment was in any way or at any time credited as payment or satisfaction of any of the Obligations, the Obligations or any part thereof that were so credited, and all rights of the Payment Recipient, as the case may be,
shall be reinstated and continue in full force and effect as if such payment or satisfaction had never been received. 

(f) Each
partys obligations under this Section 11.10 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any transfer of right or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the
Commitments or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations (or any portion thereof) under any Loan Document. 

(g) Nothing
in this Section 11.10 will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of the Administrative Agent hereunder arising from any Payment Recipients receipt of an Erroneous Payment. 

ARTICLE XII. MISCELLANEOUS

Section 12.1. Notices. 

Unless
otherwise provided herein (including without limitation as provided in Section 8.5.), communications provided for hereunder shall be in writing and shall be mailed, sent via electronic mail, or delivered as follows: 

If to any Borrower: 

Federal
Realty OP LP 

909 Rose Avenue, Suite 200 

North Bethesda, Maryland 20852 

Attn: Chief Accounting Officer 

Telephone: (301) 998-8143

Email: msolis@federalrealty.com 

94 

and for all notices (other than notices solely under Article II), with copies to: 

Federal Realty OP LP 

909 Rose
Avenue, Suite 200 

North Bethesda, Maryland 20852 

Attn: General Counsel 

Telephone:
(301) 998-8100

Email: dbecker@federalrealty.com and legal@federalrealty.com 

and 

Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw
Pittman LLP 

1200 Seventeenth Street NW 

Washington, DC 20036 

Attn:
Justin J. Bintrim, Esq. 

Telephone: (202) 663-8364

Email: justin.bintrim@pillsburylaw.com 

If to the Administrative Agent: 

PNC Bank, National Association 

PNC Bank, National Association 

PNC Real Estate 

1 N Franklin St,
27th Floor 

Mail-Stop:
D1-Y806-27-1

Chicago, IL 60606 

Attn: Nicole
Steinmetz 

Telephone: (412)807-6375

Email: nicole.steinmetz@pnc.com and shari.reams@pnc.com 

with a copy to: 

Alston & Bird LLP 

1201
West Peachtree Street 

Atlanta, Georgia 30309 

Attn: Deanna L. Kashdan, Esq. 

Telephone: (404) 881-7782

Email: deanna.kashdan@alston.com 

If to any other Lender: 

To such
Lenders address or electronic mail address as set forth in the applicable Administrative Questionnaire 

or, as to each party at such other address
as shall be designated by such party in a written notice to the other parties delivered in compliance with this Section; provided, a Lender shall only be required to give notice of any such other address to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower.
All such notices and other communications shall be effective (i) if mailed, upon receipt; (ii) if delivered via electronic mail, upon the senders receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return
receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement); provided that, if such 

95 

electronic mail is not sent during normal business hours of the recipient, such electronic mail shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business of the next business day of the
recipient; (iii) if hand delivered or sent by overnight courier, when delivered; or (iv) if delivered in accordance with Section 8.5. to the extent applicable; provided, however, that, in the case of the immediately preceding clauses
(i), (ii) and (iii), non-receipt of any communication as of the result of any change of address of which the sending party was not notified or as the result of a refusal to accept delivery shall be deemed
receipt of such communication. Notwithstanding the immediately preceding sentence, all notices or communications to the Administrative Agent or any Lender under Article II. shall be effective only when actually received. None of the
Administrative Agent or any Lender shall incur any liability to any Loan Party (nor shall the Administrative Agent incur any liability to the Lenders) for acting upon any notice via electronic mail referred to in this Agreement which the
Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, believes in good faith to have been given by a Person authorized to deliver such notice or for otherwise acting in good faith hereunder. Failure of a Person designated to get a copy of a
notice to receive such copy shall not affect the validity of notice properly given to another Person. 

Section 12.2. Expenses. 

The Borrower agrees (a) to pay or reimburse each of the Arrangers and the Administrative Agent for all of its respective reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with the preparation, syndication, negotiation and execution of, and any amendment, supplement or modification to, any
of the Loan Documents (including due diligence expenses and reasonable travel expenses related to closing), and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel to the
Administrative Agent and all costs and expenses of the Administrative Agent in connection with the use of IntraLinks, SyndTrak or other similar information transmission systems in connection with the Loan Documents, (b) to pay or reimburse the
Administrative Agent and the Lenders for all their reasonable costs and expenses incurred in connection with the workout or enforcement or preservation of any rights under the Loan Documents and the Fee Letter, including the reasonable
fees and disbursements of their respective counsel (including the allocated fees and expenses of in-house counsel to the extent in substitution for, and not in duplication of, outside counsel) and any payments
in indemnification or otherwise payable by the Lenders to the Administrative Agent pursuant to the Loan Documents; provided, however, that the Borrower shall not be required to pay the expenses of more than one counsel to the Administrative Agent
and one separate counsel for the Lenders (in addition to expenses for any appropriate local or special counsel) in connection with such workout or enforcement or preservation unless the Lenders reasonably determine that joint representation is not
appropriate under the circumstances, (c) to pay, and indemnify and hold harmless the Administrative Agent and the Lenders from, any and all recording and filing fees and any and all liabilities with respect to, or resulting from any failure to
pay or delay in paying, documentary, stamp, excise and other similar taxes, if any, which may be payable or determined to be payable in connection with the execution and delivery of any of the Loan Documents, or consummation of any amendment,
supplement or modification of, or any waiver or consent under or in respect of, any Loan Document and (d) to the extent not already covered by any of the preceding subsections, to pay or reimburse the fees and disbursements of counsel to the
Administrative Agent and any Lender incurred in connection with the representation of the Administrative Agent or such Lender in any matter relating to or arising out of any bankruptcy or other proceeding of the type described in
Sections 10.1.(e) or 10.1.(f), including, without limitation (i) any motion for relief from any stay or similar order, (ii) the negotiation, preparation, execution and delivery of any document relating to the Obligations and
(iii) the negotiation and preparation of any debtor-in-possession financing or any plan of reorganization of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, whether proposed
by the Borrower, such Loan Party, the Lenders or any other Person, and whether such fees and expenses are incurred prior to, during or after the commencement of such proceeding or the confirmation or conclusion of any such proceeding; provided,
however, that the Borrower shall not be required to pay the expenses of more than one counsel to the Administrative Agent and one separate counsel for the Lenders (in addition to expenses for any appropriate

96 

local or special counsel) in connection with such bankruptcy or proceeding unless the Lenders reasonably determine that joint representation is not appropriate under the circumstances. If the
Borrower shall fail to pay any amounts required to be paid by it pursuant to this Section, the Administrative Agent and/or the Lenders may pay such amounts on behalf of the Borrower and such amounts shall be deemed to be Obligations owing hereunder.

Section 12.3. Stamp, Intangible and Recording Taxes. 

The Borrower will pay any and all stamp, excise, intangible, registration, recordation and similar taxes, fees or charges and shall indemnify
the Administrative Agent and each Lender against any and all liabilities with respect to or resulting from any delay in the payment or omission to pay any such taxes, fees or charges, which may be payable or determined to be payable in connection
with the execution, delivery, recording, performance or enforcement of this Agreement, the Notes and any of the other Loan Documents, the amendment, supplement, modification or waiver of or consent under this Agreement, the Notes or any of the other
Loan Documents or the perfection of any rights or Liens under this Agreement, the Notes or any of the other Loan Documents. 

Section 12.4. Setoff.

Subject to Section 3.3. and in addition to any rights now or hereafter granted under Applicable Law and not by way of limitation
of any such rights, the Borrower hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent, each Lender and each Affiliate of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, at any time or from time to time during the continuance of an Event of Default, without prior
notice to the Borrower or to any other Person, any such notice being hereby expressly waived, but in the case of a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender, subject to receipt of the prior written consent of the Requisite Lenders exercised in their sole
discretion, to set off and to appropriate and to apply any and all deposits (general or special, including, but not limited to, indebtedness evidenced by certificates of deposit, whether matured or unmatured) and any other indebtedness at any time
held or owing by the Administrative Agent, such Lender or any Affiliate of the Administrative Agent or such Lender, to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower against and on account of any of the Obligations then due and payable,
irrespective of whether or not any or all of the Loans and all other Obligations have been declared to be, or have otherwise become, due and payable as permitted by Section 10.2. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section, if any
Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff, (x) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 3.9. and, pending such
payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and (y) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a
statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff. 

Section 12.5. Litigation; Jurisdiction; Other Matters; Waivers. 

(a) EACH PARTY HERETO ACKNOWLEDGES THAT ANY DISPUTE OR CONTROVERSY BETWEEN OR AMONG ANY BORROWER, THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR ANY OF THE
LENDERS WOULD BE BASED ON DIFFICULT AND COMPLEX ISSUES OF LAW AND FACT AND WOULD RESULT IN DELAY AND EXPENSE TO THE PARTIES. ACCORDINGLY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EACH OF THE LENDERS, THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND THE BORROWER
HEREBY WAIVES ITS RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING OF ANY KIND OR NATURE IN ANY COURT OR TRIBUNAL IN WHICH AN ACTION MAY BE COMMENCED BY OR AGAINST ANY PARTY HERETO ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE
FEE LETTER OR BY REASON OF ANY OTHER SUIT, CAUSE OF ACTION OR DISPUTE WHATSOEVER BETWEEN OR AMONG ANY BORROWER, THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR ANY OF THE LENDERS OF ANY KIND OR NATURE RELATING TO ANY OF THE LOAN DOCUMENTS. 

97 

(b) THE BORROWER IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT COMMENCE ANY
ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING OF ANY KIND OR DESCRIPTION, WHETHER IN LAW OR EQUITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR IN TORT OR OTHERWISE, AGAINST THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY LENDER OR ANY RELATED PARTY OF THE FOREGOING IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THIS
AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATING HERETO OR THERETO, IN ANY FORUM OTHER THAN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY, AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW
YORK, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS AND AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD
AND DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE COURT OR, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND
MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY LENDER MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO
BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AGAINST THE BORROWER OR ITS PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION. EACH PARTY FURTHER WAIVES ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE VENUE OF
ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT OR THAT SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING WAS BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM AND EACH AGREES NOT TO PLEAD OR CLAIM THE SAME. 

(c) IN THE EVENT THAT, NOTWITHSTANDING THE PARTIES CHOICE OF VENUE SET FORTH IN SECTION 12.5.(b) ABOVE, ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING IS
FILED IN A COURT OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA (THE COURT) BY OR AGAINST ANY PARTY HERETO IN CONNECTION WITH ANY CLAIM AND THE WAIVER SET FORTH IN SECTION 12.5.(a) ABOVE IS NOT ENFORCEABLE IN SUCH PROCEEDING (AND EACH PARTY TO
SUCH ACTION DOES NOT SUBSEQUENTLY EFFECTIVELY WAIVE UNDER CALIFORNIA LAW ITS RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY), THE PARTIES HERETO AGREE AS FOLLOWS: 

(i) WITH THE EXCEPTION OF THE MATTERS SPECIFIED IN SUBCLAUSE (ii) BELOW, ANY CLAIM SHALL BE DETERMINED BY A GENERAL
REFERENCE PROCEEDING IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROVISIONS OF CALIFORNIA CODE OF CIVIL PROCEDURE SECTIONS 638 THROUGH 645.1. THE PARTIES INTEND THIS GENERAL REFERENCE AGREEMENT TO BE SPECIFICALLY ENFORCEABLE. VENUE FOR THE REFERENCE PROCEEDING
SHALL BE IN THE COUNTY OF LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA. 

(ii) TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE FOLLOWING MATTERS
SHALL NOT BE SUBJECT TO A GENERAL REFERENCE PROCEEDING: (A) NON-JUDICIAL FORECLOSURE OF ANY SECURITY INTERESTS IN REAL OR PERSONAL PROPERTY, (B) EXERCISE OF SELF-HELP REMEDIES (INCLUDING SET-OFF OR RECOUPMENT), (C) APPOINTMENT OF A RECEIVER, AND (D) TEMPORARY, 

98 

PROVISIONAL, OR ANCILLARY REMEDIES (INCLUDING WRITS OF ATTACHMENT, WRITS OF POSSESSION, TEMPORARY RESTRAINING ORDERS, OR PRELIMINARY INJUNCTIONS). THIS AGREEMENT DOES NOT LIMIT THE RIGHT OF
ANY PARTY TO EXERCISE OR OPPOSE ANY OF THE RIGHTS AND REMEDIES DESCRIBED IN THE FOREGOING CLAUSES (A) THROUGH (D) AND ANY SUCH EXERCISE OR OPPOSITION DOES NOT WAIVE THE RIGHT OF ANY PARTY TO PARTICIPATE IN A REFERENCE PROCEEDING
PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT WITH RESPECT TO ANY OTHER MATTER. 

(iii) UPON THE WRITTEN REQUEST OF ANY PARTY, THE PARTIES
SHALL SELECT A SINGLE REFEREE, WHO SHALL BE A RETIRED JUDGE OR JUSTICE. IF THE PARTIES DO NOT AGREE UPON A REFEREE WITHIN TEN DAYS OF SUCH WRITTEN REQUEST, THEN, ANY PARTY SHALL HAVE THE RIGHT TO REQUEST THE COURT TO APPOINT A REFEREE PURSUANT
TO CALIFORNIA CODE OF CIVIL PROCEDURE SECTION 640(B). THE REFEREE SHALL BE APPOINTED TO SIT WITH ALL OF THE POWERS PROVIDED BY LAW. PENDING APPOINTMENT OF THE REFEREE, THE COURT SHALL HAVE THE POWER TO ISSUE TEMPORARY OR PROVISIONAL
REMEDIES. 

(iv) EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE REFEREE SHALL DETERMINE THE MANNER IN WHICH THE
REFERENCE PROCEEDING IS CONDUCTED INCLUDING THE TIME AND PLACE OF HEARINGS, THE ORDER OF PRESENTATION OF EVIDENCE, AND ALL OTHER QUESTIONS THAT ARISE WITH RESPECT TO THE COURSE OF THE REFERENCE PROCEEDING. ALL PROCEEDINGS AND HEARINGS CONDUCTED
BEFORE THE REFEREE, EXCEPT FOR TRIAL, SHALL BE CONDUCTED WITHOUT A COURT REPORTER, EXCEPT WHEN ANY PARTY SO REQUESTS A COURT REPORTER AND A TRANSCRIPT IS ORDERED, A COURT REPORTER SHALL BE USED AND THE REFEREE SHALL BE PROVIDED A COURTESY COPY OF
THE TRANSCRIPT. THE PARTY MAKING SUCH REQUEST SHALL HAVE THE OBLIGATION TO ARRANGE FOR AND PAY THE COSTS OF THE COURT REPORTER, PROVIDED THAT SUCH COSTS, ALONG WITH THE REFEREES FEES, SHALL ULTIMATELY BE BORNE BY THE PARTY WHO DOES NOT
PREVAIL, AS DETERMINED BY THE REFEREE. 

(v) THE REFEREE MAY REQUIRE ONE OR MORE PREHEARING CONFERENCES. THE PARTIES
HERETO SHALL BE ENTITLED TO DISCOVERY, AND THE REFEREE SHALL OVERSEE DISCOVERY IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RULES OF DISCOVERY, AND SHALL ENFORCE ALL DISCOVERY ORDERS IN THE SAME MANNER AS ANY TRIAL COURT JUDGE IN PROCEEDINGS AT LAW IN THE STATE OF
CALIFORNIA. 

(vi) THE REFEREE SHALL APPLY THE RULES OF EVIDENCE APPLICABLE TO PROCEEDINGS AT LAW IN THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA
AND SHALL DETERMINE ALL ISSUES IN ACCORDANCE WITH CALIFORNIA SUBSTANTIVE AND PROCEDURAL LAW. THE REFEREE SHALL BE EMPOWERED TO ENTER EQUITABLE AS WELL AS LEGAL RELIEF AND RULE ON ANY MOTION WHICH WOULD BE AUTHORIZED IN A TRIAL, INCLUDING
MOTIONS FOR DEFAULT JUDGMENT OR SUMMARY JUDGMENT. THE REFEREE SHALL REPORT HIS OR HER DECISION, WHICH REPORT SHALL ALSO INCLUDE FINDINGS OF FACT AND CONCLUSIONS OF LAW. THE REFEREE SHALL ISSUE A DECISION AND PURSUANT TO CALIFORNIA CODE OF
CIVIL PROCEDURE, SECTION 644, THE REFEREES DECISION SHALL BE ENTERED BY 

99 

THE COURT AS A JUDGMENT IN THE SAME MANNER AS IF THE ACTION HAD BEEN TRIED BY THE COURT. THE FINAL JUDGMENT OR ORDER FROM ANY APPEALABLE DECISION OR ORDER ENTERED BY THE REFEREE SHALL BE
FULLY APPEALABLE AS IF IT HAS BEEN ENTERED BY THE COURT. 

(vii) THE PARTIES RECOGNIZE AND AGREE THAT ALL CLAIMS RESOLVED IN
A GENERAL REFERENCE PROCEEDING PURSUANT HERETO WILL BE DECIDED BY A REFEREE AND NOT BY A JURY. AFTER CONSULTING (OR HAVING HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO CONSULT) WITH COUNSEL OF THEIR OWN CHOICE, EACH PARTY HERETO KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY AND FOR THEIR
MUTUAL BENEFIT AGREES THAT THIS REFERENCE PROVISION SHALL APPLY TO ANY DISPUTE BETWEEN THEM THAT ARISES OUT OF OR IS RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS. 

(viii) NEITHER THE INCLUSION OF THIS SECTION 12.5., NOR ANY REFERENCE TO CALIFORNIA LAW CONTAINED HEREIN SHALL BE DEEMED TO
AFFECT OR LIMIT IN ANY WAY THE PARTIES CHOICE OF NEW YORK LAW OR VENUE. 

(d) THE PROVISIONS OF THIS SECTION HAVE BEEN CONSIDERED BY
EACH PARTY WITH THE ADVICE OF COUNSEL AND WITH A FULL UNDERSTANDING OF THE LEGAL CONSEQUENCES THEREOF, AND SHALL SURVIVE THE PAYMENT OF THE LOANS AND ALL OTHER AMOUNTS PAYABLE HEREUNDER OR UNDER THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS, AND THE TERMINATION OF THIS
AGREEMENT. 

Section 12.6. Successors and Assigns. 

(a) Successors and Assigns Generally. The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the
parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that neither the Borrower nor any other Loan Party may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of
the Administrative Agent and each Lender and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an Eligible Assignee in accordance with the provisions of the immediately following
subsection (b), (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of the immediately following subsection (d) or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of the
immediately following subsection (f) (and, subject to the last sentence of the immediately following subsection (b), any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement,
expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in the immediately following subsection (d) and, to
the extent expressly set forth herein, the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 

(b) Assignments by Lenders. Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more Eligible Assignees all or a portion of its rights and
obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it); provided that any such assignment shall be subject to the following conditions: 

100 

(i) Minimum Amounts. 

(A) in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of an assigning Lenders Commitment and/or the Loans
at the time owing to it or, in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund, no minimum amount need be assigned; and 

(B) in any case not described in the immediately preceding subsection (A), the aggregate amount of the Commitment and/or
the principal outstanding balance of the Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent or, if
Trade Date is specified in the Assignment and Assumption, as of the Trade Date) shall not be less than $5,000,000, unless each of the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Event of Default shall exist, the Borrower otherwise consents
(each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed with it being agreed that the Borrowers withholding of consent to an assignment which would result in the Borrower having to pay amounts under Section 3.10. in an amount that
the Borrower reasonably deems to be a significant amount shall be deemed reasonable); provided, however, that if, after giving effect to such assignment, the amount of the Commitment or the outstanding principal balance of the Loan held by such
assigning Lender, as applicable, would be less than $5,000,000, then such assigning Lender shall assign the entire amount of its Commitment or the Loans, as applicable, at the time owing to it unless the Administrative Agent and Borrower agree
otherwise. 

(ii) Proportionate Amounts. Each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate
part of all the assigning Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Loan or the Commitment assigned. 

(iii) Required Consents. No consent shall be required for any assignment except to the extent required by
clause (i)(B) of this subsection (b) and, in addition: 

(A) the consent of the Borrower (such consent not to be
unreasonably withheld or delayed with it being agreed that the Borrowers withholding of consent to an assignment which would result in the Borrower having to pay amounts under Section 3.10. in an amount that the Borrower reasonably deems
to be a significant amount shall be deemed reasonable) shall be required unless (x) an Event of Default shall exist at the time of such assignment or (y) such assignment is to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund;
provided that the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within 5 Business Days after having received notice thereof; and 

(B) the consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for
assignments in respect of a Commitment and/or a Loan if such assignment is to a Person that is not already a Lender holding a Loan, an Affiliate of such a Lender or an Approved Fund with respect to such a Lender. 

(iv) Assignment and Assumption; Notes. The parties to each assignment (including an assigning Defaulting Lender) shall
execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee of $4,500 (or $7,500 with respect to an assignment by a Defaulting Lender payable by the assigning Lender (unless otherwise
agreed 

101 

between the assigning Lender and the assignee) for each assignment, and the assignee, if it is not a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire. If
requested by the assigning Lender or the Assignee, upon the consummation of any assignment, the assigning Lender, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall make appropriate arrangements so that new Notes are issued to the Assignee and such
assigning Lender, as appropriate. 

(v) No Assignment to Borrower. No such assignment shall be made to a
Defaulting Lender, any Borrower or any of the Borrowers Affiliates or Subsidiaries. 

(vi) No Assignment to Natural
Persons. No such assignment shall be made to a natural person (or holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of a natural person). 

(vii) Assignments by Specified Derivatives Provider. If the assigning Lender (or its Affiliate) is a Specified
Derivatives Provider and if after giving effect to such assignment such Lender will hold no further Loans under this Agreement, such Lender shall undertake such assignment only contemporaneously with an assignment by such Lender (or its Affiliate,
as the case may be) of all of its Specified Derivatives Contracts to the Assignee or another Lender (or Affiliate thereof). 

Subject to acceptance and
recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to the immediately following subsection (c), from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and,
to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and
Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party
hereto) but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 4.4., 12.2. and 12.10. and the other provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as provided in Section 12.11. with respect to facts and circumstances
having occurred prior to the effective date of such assignment. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this paragraph shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a
sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with the immediately following subsection (d). 

(c) Register. The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary
agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at the Principal Office a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and the principal amounts of
the Loans owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register). In the absence of manifest error, the entries in the Register shall be conclusive, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and
the Lenders may treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for
inspection by the Borrower and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. Each Lender that sells a participation as described in Section 12.6(d) shall, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of
the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participants interest in the Loans or other obligations under this Agreement (the
Participant Register); provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register to any Person (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a
Participants interest in any Commitments, Loans, or its other obligations under this Agreement) except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Commitment, Loan, or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each person whose name is recorded in the
Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. 

102 

(d) Participations. Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or
notice to, the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural person (or holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of a natural person), a
Defaulting Lender or a Borrower or any of a Borrowers Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a Participant) in all or a portion of such Lenders rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of
its Commitment and/or the Loans owing to it); provided that (i) such Lenders obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of
such obligations and (iii) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement
or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right and responsibility to enforce this Agreement, including, without limitation, the right to approve any amendment,
modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to (w) increase such Lenders Commitment and/or
Loans to the extent subject to the participation, (x) extend the date fixed for the payment of principal on the Loans or portions thereof owing to such Lender to the extent subject to such participation except as set forth in
Section 2.13., (y) reduce the rate at which interest is payable thereon or (z) release any Guarantor from its Obligations under the Guaranty (except as otherwise permitted under Section 7.14.(c)). Subject to the immediately
following subsection (e), the Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.10., 4.1., and 4.4.,to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant
to paragraph (b) of this Section.

(e) Limitations upon Participant Rights. A Participant shall not be entitled to receive
any greater payment under Sections 3.10. and 4.1. than the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, unless the sale of the participation to such Participant is made with
the Borrowers prior written consent. A Participant shall not be entitled to the benefits of Section 3.10. unless the Borrower is notified of the participation sold to such Participant and such Participant agrees, for the benefit of
the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, to comply with Section 3.10.(c) as though it were a Lender.

(f) Certain
Pledges. Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal
Reserve Bank; provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto.

(g) No Registration. Each Lender agrees that, without the prior written consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, it
will not make any assignment hereunder in any manner or under any circumstances that would require registration or qualification of, or filings in respect of, any Loan or Note under the Securities Act or any other securities laws of the United
States of America or of any other jurisdiction. 

Section 12.7. Amendments and Waivers. 

(a) Generally. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, (i) any consent or approval required or permitted by this
Agreement or any other Loan Document to be given by the Lenders may be given, (ii) any term of this Agreement or of any other Loan Document may be amended, (iii) the 

103 

performance or observance by the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other Subsidiary of any terms of this Agreement or such other Loan Document may be waived, and (iv) the continuance of
any Default or Event of Default may be waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively or prospectively) with, but only with, the written consent of the Requisite Lenders (or the Administrative Agent at the written
direction of the Requisite Lenders), and, in the case of an amendment to any Loan Document, the written consent of each Loan Party which is party thereto. Subject to the immediately following subsection (c), any term of this Agreement or of any
other Loan Document relating solely and directly to the rights or obligations of a certain Class of Lenders, and not any other Lenders, may be amended, and the performance or observance by the Borrower or any other Loan Party or any Subsidiary
of any such terms may be waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively or prospectively) with, but only with, the written consent of the Requisite Term A Loan Lenders or the Requisite Term B Loan Lenders, as
applicable (and, in the case of an amendment to any Loan Document, the written consent of each Loan Party a party thereto). 

(b)
[Intentionally Omitted]. 

(c) Consent of Lenders Directly Affected. In addition to the foregoing requirements, no amendment,
waiver or consent shall: 

(i) increase, extend or reinstate the Commitment of any Lender or subject a Lender to any
additional obligations without the written consent of such Lender; 

(ii) reduce the principal of, or interest that has
accrued or the rates of interest that will be charged on the outstanding principal amount of, any Loans or other Obligations without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; 

(iii) reduce the amount of any Fees payable hereunder without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby;

(iv) modify the definition of Maturity Date (except in accordance with Section 2.13.) or otherwise
postpone any date fixed for any payment of principal of, or interest on, any Loans or for the payment of Fees or any other Obligations without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; 

(v) modify the definitions Availability Period or Availability Termination Date without the written
consent of each Term B Loan Lender; 

(vi) modify the definition of Commitment Percentage or amend or otherwise
modify the provisions of Section 3.2., Section 3.3. or Section 10.5. without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; 

(vii) amend this Section or amend the definitions of the terms used in this Agreement or the other Loan Documents insofar as
such definitions affect the substance of this Section without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; 

(viii) modify the definition of the term Requisite Lenders or modify in any other manner the number or percentage
of the Lenders required to make any determinations or waive any rights hereunder or to modify any provision hereof without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; 

104 

(ix) (i) modify the definition of the term Requisite Term A Loan
Lenders or modify in any other manner the number or percentage of the Term A Loan Lenders required to make any determinations or waive any rights hereunder or to modify any provision hereof without the written consent of each Term A Loan
Lender or (ii) modify the definition of the term Requisite Term B Loan Lenders or modify in any other manner the number or percentage of the Term B Loan Lenders required to make any determinations or waive any rights hereunder or to
modify any provision hereof without the written consent of each Term B Loan Lender; 

(x) release any Guarantor from its
obligations under the Guarantyexcept as contemplated by Section 7.14.(c) without the written consent of each Lender; or 

(xi) waive a Default or Event of Default under Section 10.1.(a), except as provided in Section 10.7. without the
written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby. 

(d) Amendment of Administrative Agents Duties, Etc. No amendment,
waiver or consent unless in writing and signed by the Administrative Agent, in addition to the Lenders required hereinabove to take such action, shall affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any of the other
Loan Documents. Any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to any Loan Document that increases the liabilities or obligations of a Specified Derivatives Provider shall, in addition to the Lenders required hereinabove to take such action, require
the consent of the Lender that is (or having an Affiliate that is) such Specified Derivatives Provider. No waiver shall extend to or affect any obligation not expressly waived or impair any right consequent thereon and any amendment, waiver or
consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose set forth therein. No course of dealing or delay or omission on the part of the Administrative Agent or any Lender in exercising any right shall operate as a
waiver thereof or otherwise be prejudicial thereto. Except as otherwise explicitly provided for herein or in any other Loan Document, no notice to or demand upon the Borrower shall entitle the Borrower to other or further notice or demand in similar
or other circumstances. 

Section 12.8. Nonliability of Administrative Agent and Lenders. 

The relationship between the Borrower, on the one hand, and the Lenders and the Administrative Agent, on the other hand, shall be solely that
of borrower and lender. Neither the Administrative Agent, nor any Lender shall have any fiduciary responsibilities to the Borrower and no provision in this Agreement or in any of the other Loan Documents, and no course of dealing between or among
any of the parties hereto, shall be deemed to create any fiduciary duty owing by the Administrative Agent or any Lender to any Lender, the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any other Loan Party. Neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender undertakes
any responsibility to the Borrower to review or inform the Borrower of any matter in connection with any phase of the Borrowers business or operations. 

Section 12.9. Confidentiality. 

The
Administrative Agent and each Lender shall use reasonable efforts to maintain the confidentiality of all information about Borrower, the other Loan Parties and other Subsidiaries, and the Properties thereof and their operations, affairs and
financial condition, not generally disclosed to the public, which is furnished to the Administrative Agent or any Lender by the Borrower, any other Loan Party, any other Subsidiary or Affiliate of Borrower, any other Loan Party, or any other
Subsidiary pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement or any other Loan Document in accordance with its customary procedure for handling confidential information of this nature and in accordance with safe and sound banking practice, but in any
event, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may make disclosure: (a) to any of their respective Affiliates and its and its Affiliates respective partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, advisors, consultants, service
providers and other representatives (provided they shall agree to keep such 

105 

information confidential in accordance with the terms of this Section 12.9.); (b) as reasonably requested by any bona fide prospective assignee, Participant or other transferee in
connection with the contemplated transfer of any Commitment or Loan or participations therein (provided they shall agree to keep such information confidential in accordance with the terms of this Section); (c) as required or requested by any
Governmental Authority or representative thereof or pursuant to legal process or in connection with any legal proceedings or as otherwise required by Applicable Law; (d) to the Administrative Agents or such Lenders independent
auditors, consultants and service providers, and other professional advisors (provided they shall be notified of the confidential nature of the information); (e) after the happening and during the continuance of an Event of Default hereunder or
under any other Loan Document (or Specified Derivatives Contract), to any other Person, as necessary for the exercise by the Administrative Agent or the Lenders (or a Specified Derivatives Provider) of rights and remedies hereunder or under any of
the other Loan Documents (or Specified Derivatives Contract); (f) to bank trade publications (such information to consist of deal terms and other information customarily found in such publications), (g) upon Borrowers prior consent (which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld), to any actual or prospective contractual counter-parties (or its advisors) to any swap or similar hedging agreement or to any rating agency; (h) to any other party hereto; (i) upon
Borrowers prior written consent, to any other Person; and (j) to the extent such information (i) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach by such party of this Section actually known by the Administrative Agent
and the Lenders to be a breach of this section, or (ii) becomes available to the Administrative Agent or any Lender or any Affiliate of the Administrative Agent or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Borrower or
any Affiliate of the Borrower unless the Administrative Agent or such Lender has actual knowledge that such information became nonconfidential as a result of a breach of a confidential arrangement with the Borrower or such Loan Party.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrative Agent and each Lender may disclose any such confidential information, without notice to the Borrower or any other Loan Party, to Governmental Authorities or similar authority (including any
self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners) having or purporting to have jurisdiction over it in connection with any regulatory examination of the Administrative Agent or such Lender or in accordance with
the regulatory compliance policy of the Administrative Agent or such Lender. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such
Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord its own confidential information. 

Section 12.10. Indemnification. 

(a)
The Borrower shall and hereby agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, all of the Affiliates of each of the Administrative Agent or any of the Lenders, and their respective directors, officers,
shareholders, agents, employees and counsel (each referred to herein as an Indemnified Party) from and against any and all of the following (collectively, the Indemnified Costs): losses, costs, claims,
penalties, damages, liabilities, deficiencies, judgments or reasonable expenses of every kind and nature (including, without limitation, amounts paid in settlement, court costs and the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel incurred in
connection with any litigation, investigation, claim or proceeding or any advice rendered in connection therewith, but excluding Indemnified Costs indemnification in respect of which is specifically covered by Section 3.10. or 4.1. or expressly
excluded from the coverage of such Sections) incurred by an Indemnified Party in connection with, arising out of, or by reason of, any suit, cause of action, claim, arbitration, investigation or settlement, consent decree or other proceeding (the
foregoing referred to herein as an Indemnity Proceeding) which is in any way related directly or indirectly to: (i) this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the transactions contemplated thereby; (ii) the making of
any Loans hereunder; (iii) any actual or proposed use by the Borrower of the proceeds of the Loans; (iv) the Administrative Agents or any Lenders entering into this Agreement; (v) the fact that the Administrative Agent and
the Lenders have established the credit facility evidenced hereby in favor of the Borrower; (vi) the fact that the Administrative Agent and the 

106 

Lenders are creditors of the Borrower and have or are alleged to have information regarding the financial condition, strategic plans or business operations of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries;
(vii) the fact that the Administrative Agent and the Lenders are material creditors of the Borrower and are alleged to influence directly or indirectly the business decisions or affairs of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries or their financial
condition; (viii) the exercise of any right or remedy the Administrative Agent or the Lenders may have under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents; (ix) any civil penalty or fine assessed by OFAC against, and all reasonable costs and
expenses (including counsel fees and disbursements) incurred in connection with defense thereof by, the Administrative Agent or any Lender as a result of conduct of the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other Subsidiary that violates a sanction
administered or enforced by OFAC; or (x) any violation or non-compliance by the Borrower or any Subsidiary of any Applicable Law (including any Environmental Law) including, but not limited to, any
Indemnity Proceeding commenced by (A) the Internal Revenue Service or state taxing authority or (B) any Governmental Authority or other Person under any Environmental Law, including any Indemnity Proceeding commenced by a Governmental
Authority or other Person seeking remedial or other action to cause the Borrower or its Subsidiaries (or its respective properties) (or the Administrative Agent and/or the Lenders as successors to the Borrower) to be in compliance with such
Environmental Laws; provided, however, that the Borrower shall not be obligated to indemnify any Indemnified Party for (A) any acts or omissions of such Indemnified Party in connection with matters described in this subjection to the extent
arising from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnified Party, as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final, non-appealable judgment or (B) Indemnified Costs to the
extent arising directly out of or resulting directly from claims of one or more Indemnified Parties against another Indemnified Party (other than claims of the Indemnified Parties against the Administrative Agent acting in such capacity). This
section shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims or damages arising from any non-Tax claim. Each Indemnified Party shall be obligated to refund or return any
amounts paid by the Borrower under this paragraph to such Indemnified Party to the extent such Indemnified Party was not actually entitled to payment of such amounts in accordance with the terms hereof as determined by such Indemnified Party in its
sole discretion exercised in good faith. 

(b) The Borrowers indemnification obligations under this Section shall apply to all
Indemnity Proceedings arising out of, or related to, the foregoing whether or not an Indemnified Party is a named party in such Indemnity Proceeding. In this connection, this indemnification shall cover all Indemnified Costs of any Indemnified Party
in connection with any deposition of any Indemnified Party or compliance with any subpoena (including any subpoena requesting the production of documents). This indemnification shall, among other things, apply to any Indemnity Proceeding commenced
by other creditors of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, any shareholder of the Borrower or any Subsidiary (whether such shareholder(s) are prosecuting such Indemnity Proceeding in their individual capacity or derivatively on behalf of the Borrower),
any account debtor of the Borrower or any Subsidiary or by any Governmental Authority. If indemnification is to be sought hereunder by an Indemnified Party, then such Indemnified Party shall promptly notify the Borrower of the commencement of any
Indemnity Proceeding; provided, however, that the failure to so notify the Borrower shall not otherwise relieve the Borrower from any liability that it may have to such Indemnified Party pursuant to this Section 12.10. 

(c) This indemnification shall apply to any Indemnity Proceeding arising during the pendency of any bankruptcy proceeding filed by or against
the Borrower and/or any Subsidiary. 

(d) All out-of-pocket
fees and expenses of, and all amounts paid to third-persons by, an Indemnified Party shall be advanced by the Borrower at the request of such Indemnified Party notwithstanding any claim or assertion by the
Borrower that such Indemnified Party is not entitled to indemnification hereunder upon receipt of an undertaking by such Indemnified Party that such Indemnified Party will reimburse the Borrower if it is actually and finally determined by a court of
competent jurisdiction that such Indemnified Party is not so entitled to indemnification hereunder. 

107 

(e) An Indemnified Party may conduct its own investigation and defense of, and may formulate
its own strategy with respect to, any Indemnity Proceeding covered by this Section and, as provided above, all Indemnified Costs incurred by such Indemnified Party shall be reimbursed by the Borrower. No action taken by legal counsel chosen by an
Indemnified Party in investigating or defending against any such Indemnity Proceeding shall vitiate or in any way impair the obligations and duties of the Borrower hereunder to indemnify and hold harmless each such Indemnified Party; provided,
however, that if (i) the Borrower is required to indemnify an Indemnified Party pursuant hereto and (ii) the Borrower has provided evidence reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnified Party that the Borrower has the financial wherewithal
to reimburse such Indemnified Party for any amount paid by such Indemnified Party with respect to such Indemnity Proceeding, such Indemnified Party shall not settle or compromise any such Indemnity Proceeding without the prior written consent of the
Borrower (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed). Notwithstanding the foregoing, an Indemnified Party may settle or compromise any such Indemnity Proceeding without the prior written consent of the Borrower where (x) no
monetary relief is sought against such Indemnified Party in such Indemnity Proceeding, (y) there is an allegation of a violation of law by such Indemnified Party, or (z) the proposed settlement or compromise would otherwise be
disadvantageous to such Indemnified Party as determined by it in its sole discretion. 

(f) If and to the extent that the obligations of
the Borrower under this Section are unenforceable for any reason, the Borrower hereby agrees to make the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction of such obligations which is permissible under Applicable Law. 

(g) The Borrowers obligations under this Section shall survive any termination of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the
payment in full in cash of the Obligations, and are in addition to, and not in substitution of, any of the other obligations set forth in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to which it is a party. 

References in this Section 12.10. to Lender or Lenders shall be deemed to include such Persons (and their Affiliates) in their
capacity as Specified Derivatives Providers. 

Section 12.11. Termination; Survival. 

This Agreement shall terminate at such time as (a) all of the Commitments have been terminated, (b) none of the Lenders is obligated
any longer under this Agreement to make any Loans and (c) all Obligations (other than obligations which survive as provided in the following sentence) have been paid and satisfied in full. The indemnities to which the Administrative Agent and
the Lenders are entitled under the provisions of Sections 3.10., 4.1., 4.4., 11.6., 12.2. and 12.10. and any other provision of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and the provisions of Section 12.5., shall continue in full force
and effect and shall protect the Administrative Agent and the Lenders (i) notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement, or of the other Loan Documents, against events arising after such termination as well as before and (ii) at all
times after any such party ceases to be a party to this Agreement with respect to all matters and events existing on or prior to the date such party ceased to be a party to this Agreement. 

Section 12.12. Severability of Provisions. 

Any provision of this Agreement which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective only to
the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remainder of such provision or the remaining provisions or affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

108 

Section 12.13. GOVERNING LAW. 

THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS EXECUTED, AND
TO BE FULLY PERFORMED, IN SUCH STATE. 

Section 12.14. Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness. 

This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an
original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and any separate letter agreements with respect to fees payable to the Administrative Agent and/or the Arranger,
constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as provided in
Section 5.1, this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof that, when taken together, bear the
signatures of each of the other parties hereto. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by facsimile or in electronic (i.e., pdf or tif) format shall be effective as delivery of a manually
executed counterpart of this Agreement. 

Section 12.15. Obligations with Respect to Loan Parties. 

The obligations of the Borrower including those obligations with respect to actions or inactions by the Parent, the General Partner or any
Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the Parent and those obligations to direct or prohibit the taking of certain actions by other Loan Parties as specified herein shall be absolute and not subject to any defense the Borrower may have that the Borrower does
not control the Parent, the General Partner or such Loan Parties. Any breach of any term, covenant, condition or agreement contained in this Agreement relating to the Parent, the General Partner or any Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the Parent shall be
deemed to be breach of such term by the Borrower. 

Section 12.16. Independence of Covenants. 

If a particular action or condition is expressly prohibited by any covenant (the prohibiting covenant), the fact that it would be
permitted by an exception to, or be otherwise within the limitations of, another covenant shall not avoid the occurrence of a Default or an Event of Default if such action is taken or condition exists in violation of the prohibiting covenant. 

Section 12.17. Limitation of Liability. 

None of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, or any Affiliate, officer, director, employee, attorney, or agent of the Administrative Agent
or any Lender shall have any liability with respect to, and the Borrower hereby waives, releases, and agrees not to sue any of them upon, any claim for any special, indirect, incidental, or consequential damages suffered or incurred by the Borrower
in connection with, arising out of, or in any way related to, this Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents or the Fee Letter, or any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents. The Borrower shall not
have any liability with respect to any claim for any special, indirect, incidental or consequential damages suffered or incurred by the Administrative Agent or any Lender (as distinct from special, indirect, incidental or consequential damages of a
third party awarded against the Administrative Agent or any Lender for which the Borrower may be responsible to the extent covered by Section 12.10.) in connection with, arising out of, or in any way related to, this Agreement, any of the other
Loan Documents or the Fee Letter, or any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any of the other 

109 

Loan Documents. The parties hereto hereby waive, release, and agree not to any other party hereto for punitive damages in respect of any claim in connection with, arising out of, or in any way
related to, this Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents, the Fee Letter, or any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or financed hereby (other than punitive damages of a third party awarded against the Administrative Agent or any
Lender for which the Borrower may be responsible to the extent covered by Section 12.10.). 

Section 12.18. Entire Agreement. 

This Agreement, the Notes, the other Loan Documents and the Fee Letter embody the final, entire agreement among the parties hereto and
supersede any and all prior commitments, agreements, representations, and understandings, whether written or oral, relating to the subject matter hereof and thereof and may not be contradicted or varied by evidence of prior, contemporaneous, or
subsequent oral agreements or discussions of the parties hereto. There are no oral agreements among the parties hereto. 

Section 12.19.
Construction. 

The Administrative Agent, the Borrower and each Lender acknowledge that each of them has had the benefit of legal
counsel of its own choice and has been afforded an opportunity to review this Agreement and the other Loan Documents with its legal counsel and that this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be construed as if jointly drafted by the
Administrative Agent, the Borrower and each Lender. 

Section 12.20. Headings. 

The paragraph and section headings in this Agreement are provided for convenience of reference only and shall not affect its construction or
interpretation. 

Section 12.21. Limitation of Liability of Trustees, Etc. 

NOTWITHSTANDING ANY OTHER PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS, THE AGENT AND THE LENDERS SHALL LOOK SOLELY TO THE BORROWER
AND THE OTHER LOAN PARTIES FOR THE ENFORCEMENT OF ANY CLAIM AGAINST THE BORROWER AND SUCH LOAN PARTY UNDER OR IN RESPECT OF ANY OF THE LOAN DOCUMENTS AND ACCORDINGLY NEITHER THE TRUSTEES, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, SHAREHOLDERS, NOR PARTNERS OF THE
BORROWER, THE PARENT OR THE GENERAL PARTNER SHALL HAVE ANY PERSONAL LIABILITY FOR OBLIGATIONS ENTERED INTO BY OR ON BEHALF OF THE BORROWER OR ANY OTHER LOAN PARTY. 

Section 12.22. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties,
each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution
Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 

(a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion
Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and 

110 

(b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such
liability, including, if applicable: 

(i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; 

(ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected
Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any
such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or 

(iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in
connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 

Section 12.23. Electronic
Signatures. 

The words execution, execute, signed, signature, and words of like import
in or related to this Agreement or any other document to be signed in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, the electronic matching of assignment terms and contract
formations on electronic platforms approved by the Administrative Agent, or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a
paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act,
or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act; provided that notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary the Administrative Agent is under no obligation to agree to accept electronic signatures in any
form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by the Administrative Agent pursuant to procedures approved by it. 

Section 12.24.
Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs. 

To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise,
for a Derivatives Contract or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support and each such QFC a Supported QFC), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to
the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the
U.S. Special Resolution Regimes) in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by
the laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States): 

In the event a Covered Entity that
is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party) becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and
obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective
under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a
Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that
may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws
of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered
Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. 

111 

Section 12.25. Release of FRIT San Jose as a Borrower 

In the event that either (a) FRIT San Jose is no longer (or, upon the effectiveness of an applicable release, will no longer be) a Wholly
Owned Subsidiary of the Borrower Representative or (b) FRIT San Jose has sold (or, upon the effectiveness of an applicable release, will sell) the Property known as Santana Row, the Borrower Representative may request in writing that the
Administrative Agent release, and upon receipt of such request the Administrative Agent shall release, FRIT San Jose as a Borrower hereunder so long as: (i) no Default or Event of Default shall then be in existence or would occur as a result of
such release, (ii) the Borrower Representative delivers a Compliance Certificate dated the date of the requested release demonstrating that, both before and after giving effect to such release, the Borrower Representative will be in compliance
with the covenants contained in Section 9.1.; and (iii) the Administrative Agent shall have received such written request at least ten (10) Business Days (or such shorter period as may be acceptable to the Administrative Agent) prior
to the requested date of release indicating whether the condition in clause (a) or clause (b) above has (or shall have, upon the effectiveness of an applicable release) occurred. Delivery by the Borrower Representative to the
Administrative Agent of any such request shall constitute a representation by the Borrower Representative that the matters set forth in the preceding sentence (both as of the date of the giving of such request and as of the date of the effectiveness
of such request) are true and correct with respect to such request. From and after any such release of FRIT San Jose as a Borrower, references to the Borrower in any Loan Document shall be deemed to refer to the Borrower Representative
only and not FRIT San Jose. 

Section 12.26. Effect of Amendment and Restatement. 

(a) Existing Credit Agreement. Upon satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Sections 5.1. and 5.2. of this Agreement,
this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall exclusively control and govern the mutual rights and obligations of the parties hereto with respect to the Existing Credit Agreement, and the Existing Credit Agreement shall be superseded in all
respects, in each case, on a prospective basis. 

(b) NO NOVATION. THE PARTIES HERETO HAVE ENTERED INTO THIS AGREEMENT SOLELY TO
AMEND AND RESTATE THE TERMS OF THE EXISTING CREDIT AGREEMENT. THE PARTIES DO NOT INTEND THIS AGREEMENT NOR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY TO BE, AND THIS AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY SHALL NOT BE CONSTRUED TO BE, A
NOVATION OF ANY OF THE OBLIGATIONS OWING BY THE BORROWER OR ANY OTHER LOAN PARTY UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE EXISTING CREDIT AGREEMENT OR ANY OF THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS (AS DEFINED IN THE EXISTING CREDIT AGREEMENT). 

[Signatures On Following Pages] 

112 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amended and Restated Term Loan
Agreement to be executed by their authorized officers all as of the day and year first above written. 

FEDERAL REALTY OP LP

By: /s/ Daniel Guglielmone

Name: Daniel Guglielmone

Title: Executive Vice President-Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer

FRIT SAN JOSE TOWN AND COUNTRY VILLAGE, LLC

By: /s/ Daniel Guglielmone

Name: Daniel Guglielmone

Title: Executive Vice President-Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer

[Signatures Continued on Next Page] 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as

Administrative Agent and as a Lender

By: /s/ Shari L. Reams-Henofer

Name: Shari L. Reams-Henofer

Title: Senior Vice President

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as a Lender

By: /s/ Cody A. Canafax

Name: Cody A. Canafax

Title: Executive Director

REGIONS BANK, as a Lender

By: /s/ William Chalmers

Name: William Chalmers

Title: Senior Vice President

TD BANK, N.A., as a Lender

By: /s/ William M. Brandt, Jr.

Name: William M. Brandt, Jr.

Title: Vice President

TRUIST BANK, as a Lender

By: /s/ Ryan Almond

Name: Ryan Almond

Title: Director

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender

By: /s/ Germaine R. Korhone

Name: Germaine R. Korhone

Title: Senior Vice President

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as a Lender

By: /s/ Cheryl Sneor

Name: Cheryl Sneor

Title: Vice President

BNP PARIBAS, as a Lender

By: /s/ James Goodall

Name: James Goodall

Title: Managing Director

By: /s/ Kyle Fitzpatrick

Name: Kyle Fitzpatrick

Title: Director

THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA, as a Lender

By: /s/ David Dewar

Name: David Dewar

Title: Director

SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION, as a Lender

By: /s/ Khrystina Manko

Name: Khrystina Manko

Title: Director

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender

By: /s/ Kate Brown

Name: Kate Brown

Title: Vice President

ASSOCIATED BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender

By: /s/ Mitchell Vega

Name: Mitchell Vega

Title: Senior Vice President

SCHEDULE I 

Commitments 

Lender Term A Loan

Amount Term B Loan

Amount Aggregate

Amounts 

PNC Bank, National Association $ 58,000,000 $ 14,500,000 $ 72,500,000 

JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. $ 58,000,000 $ 14,500,000 $ 72,500,000 

Regions Bank $ 58,000,000 $ 14,500,000 $ 72,500,000 

TD Bank, N.A. $ 58,000,000 $ 14,500,000 $ 72,500,000 

Truist Bank $ 58,000,000 $ 14,500,000 $ 72,500,000 

U.S. Bank National Association $ 58,000,000 $ 14,500,000 $ 72,500,000 

Bank of America, N.A. $ 42,400,000 $ 10,600,000 $ 53,000,000 

BNP Paribas $ 42,400,000 $ 10,600,000 $ 53,000,000 

The Bank of Nova Scotia $ 42,400,000 $ 10,600,000 $ 53,000,000 

Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation $ 42,400,000 $ 10,600,000 $ 53,000,000 

Wells Fargo Bank, National Association $ 42,400,000 $ 10,600,000 $ 53,000,000 

Associated Bank, National Association $ 40,000,000 $ 10,000,000 $ 50,000,000 

Total: $ 600,000,000 $ 150,000,000 $ 750,000,000
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>frt-20250320.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
1001 - Document - Cover Page 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink 
link:calculationLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.CAL
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>frt-20250320_cal.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>frt-20250320_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>frt-20250320_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Entities [Table] 

Entity Information [Line Items] 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity File Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Local Phone Number 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

Security Exchange Name 

Soliciting Material 

Trading Symbol 

Written Communications 

Amendment Flag 

City Area Code 

Document Period End Date 

Document Type 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Legal Entity [Axis] 

Entity [Domain] 

Federal Realty O P L P [Member] 
Federal Realty OP LP 

Federal Realty OP LP. 

Class of Stock [Axis] 

Class of Stock [Domain] 

Common Shares Of Beneficial Interest [Member] 
Common Shares Of Beneficial Interest 

Depository Shares [Member] 
Depository Shares
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>frt-20250320_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>g910432g0321034651805.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover Page

Mar. 20, 2025

Entity Information [Line Items] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 20, 2025

Entity Registrant Name Federal Realty Investment Trust

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code MD

Entity File Number 1-07533

Entity Tax Identification Number 87-3916363

Entity Address, Address Line One 909 Rose Avenue, Suite 200

Entity Address, City or Town North Bethesda

Entity Address, State or Province MD

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 20852-4041

City Area Code 301

Local Phone Number 998-8100

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Entity Central Index Key 0000034903

Amendment Flag false

Federal Realty OP LP 

Entity Information [Line Items] 

Entity Registrant Name Federal Realty OP LP

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity File Number 333-262016-01

Entity Tax Identification Number 52-0782497

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Entity Central Index Key 0001901876

Amendment Flag false

Common Shares Of Beneficial Interest 

Entity Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Common Shares of Beneficial Interest

Trading Symbol FRT

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Depository Shares 

Entity Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Depositary Shares, each representing 1/1000 of a share of 5.00%

Trading Symbol FRT-C

Security Exchange Name NYSE

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: dei_LegalEntityAxis=frt_FederalRealtyOPLPMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=frt_CommonSharesOfBeneficialInterestMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=frt_DepositorySharesMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
4 
22 
1 
false 
3 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
1001 - Document - Cover Page 
Sheet 
http://www.federalrealty.com/role/CoverPage 
Cover Page 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d910432d8k.htm 
frt-20250320.xsd 
frt-20250320_cal.xml 
frt-20250320_def.xml 
frt-20250320_lab.xml 
frt-20250320_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
true
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-060219-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>d910432d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000034903 

2025-03-20 
2025-03-20 

0000034903 

frt:FederalRealtyOPLPMember 

2025-03-20 
2025-03-20 

0000034903 

frt:CommonSharesOfBeneficialInterestMember 

2025-03-20 
2025-03-20 

0000034903 

frt:DepositorySharesMember 

2025-03-20 
2025-03-20 

0001901876 
0000034903 
false 
false 
8-K 
2025-03-20 
Federal Realty Investment Trust 
Federal Realty OP LP 
MD 
1-07533 
87-3916363 
DE 
333-262016-01 
52-0782497 
909 Rose Avenue, Suite 200 
North Bethesda 
MD 
20852-4041 
301 
998-8100 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Shares of Beneficial Interest 
FRT 
NYSE 
Depositary Shares, each representing 1/1000 of a share of 5.00% 
FRT-C 
NYSE 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>