<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001013762-25-001247.txt : 20250324
<SEC-HEADER>0001013762-25-001247.hdr.sgml : 20250324
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250324083306
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001013762-25-001247
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		44
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250324
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250324
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250324

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			COLOMBIER ACQUISITION CORP. II
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001995413
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		EIN:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41874
		FILM NUMBER:		25762344

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		214 BRAZILIAN AVENUE, SUITE 200-J
		CITY:			PALM BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33480
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5618053588

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		214 BRAZILIAN AVENUE, SUITE 200-J
		CITY:			PALM BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33480
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0235331-8k425_colombier2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000199541300019954132025-03-242025-03-240001995413CLBR:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShareAndOnethirdOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember2025-03-242025-03-240001995413CLBR:ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember2025-03-242025-03-240001995413CLBR:WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneClassOrdinaryShareAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember2025-03-242025-03-24iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 OR 15(d)

of The
Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March
24, 2025

COLOMBIER ACQUISITION CORP. II

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Cayman Islands 001-41874 98-1753949

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (CommissionFile Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

214 Brazilian Avenue,Suite 200-J 

Palm Beach,FL 33480

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(561) 805-3588

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant CLBR.U The New York Stock Exchange

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share CLBR The New York Stock Exchange

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share CLBR.WS The New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure

Attached
as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated into this Item 7.01 by reference is an updated investor presentation
(the Updated Investor Presentation) of Metroplex Trading Company LLC (d/b/a GrabAGun.com), a Texas limited
liability company (GrabAGun), that may be used by GrabAGun and by Colombier Acquisition Corp. II, a Cayman
Islands exempted company (Colombier II), in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Business
Combination Agreement described under Item 8.01 below. The Updated Investor Presentation supersedes in all respects the earlier
version of an investor presentation of GrabAGun previously furnished and attached as Exhibit 99.1 to a Current Report on Form 8-K filed
by Colombier II with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on January 6, 2025.

The
Updated Investor Presentation is intended to be furnished and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of
that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act), except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.

Item 8.01 Other Events

As previously disclosed, on
January 6, 2025, Colombier II entered into a Business Combination Agreement (the Business Combination Agreement)
with GrabAGun, GrabAGun Digital Holdings Inc., a Texas corporation, Gauge II Merger Sub LLC, a Texas limited liability company and a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Pubco (GrabAGun Merger Sub) and, upon subsequent execution of a joinder agreement, Gauge II
Merger Sub Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Pubco (Colombier Merger Sub,
and the proposed business combination contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement and related transactions, collectively, the Business
Combination). Assuming that the proposed Business Combination is consummated (the Closing),
GrabAGun Digital Holdings Inc. (GrabAGun Digital or Pubco) will be a public company
and will carry out the business of GrabAGun. In connection with the Closing, the parties intend to apply to list Pubco shares and warrants
on The New York Stock Exchange under the proposed symbols PEW and PEWW.

On
March 24, 2025, Colombier II and GrabAGun jointly issued a press release (the Press Release) announcing (i)
that certain individuals identified in the Press Release Messrs. Donald J. Trump Jr., Colion Noir, Chris Cox, Blake Masters, and
Dusty Wunderlich - are expected to be nominees to serve as members of the board of directors of GrabAGun Digital (the Pubco
Board) immediately following the Closing, subject to approval of the related proposal to be presented at an Extraordinary
General Meeting of Colombier II shareholders to be convened prior to the Closing in accordance with the terms of the Business Combination
Agreement and subject to such individuals subsequent appointment to the Pubco Board, and (ii) that GrabAGun Digital Holdings Inc.,
as registrant, and GrabAGun, as co-registrant, have submitted to EDGAR, the SECs online portal, for filing with the SEC, a Registration
Statement on Form S-4 (as may be amended or supplemented from time to time, the Registration Statement), which
includes a preliminary proxy statement/prospectus with respect to the Business Combination. 

A
copy of the Press Release is filed herewith as Exhibit 99.2. 

1

Forward-Looking Statements

The information in this Current Report on Form
8-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements may
be identified by the use of words such as estimate, plan, forecast, intend, may,
will, expect, continue, should, would, anticipate,
believe, seek, target, predict, potential, seem, future,
outlook or other similar expressions that predict or indicate future events or trends or that are not statements of historical
matters, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. These forward-looking statements include,
but are not limited to, references with respect to the anticipated benefits of the proposed Business Combination; GrabAGuns ability
to successfully execute its expansion plans and business initiatives; the sources and uses of cash of the proposed Business Combination;
the anticipated capitalization and enterprise value of the combined company following the consummation of the proposed Business Combination;
and expectations related to the terms and timing of the proposed Business Combination. These statements are based on various assumptions,
whether or not identified in this Current Report on Form 8-K, and on the current expectations of GrabAGuns and Colombier IIs
management and are not predictions of actual performance. These forward-looking statements are provided for illustrative purposes only
and are not intended to serve as and must not be relied on by any investor as a guarantee, an assurance, a prediction or a definitive
statement of fact or probability. Actual events and circumstances are difficult or impossible to predict and will differ from assumptions.
Many actual events and circumstances are beyond the control of GrabAGun and Colombier II. These forward-looking statements are subject
to a number of risks and uncertainties, including the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances that could give rise to the
termination of the Business Combination Agreement; the risk that the Business Combination disrupts current plans and operations as a result
of the announcement and consummation of the transactions described herein; the inability to recognize the anticipated benefits of the
Business Combination; the inability of GrabAGun to maintain, and Pubco to obtain, as necessary, any permits necessary for the conduct
of GrabAGuns business, including federal firearm licenses issued pursuant to the Gun Control Act, 18 USC 921 et seq. and special
occupational taxpayer stamps issued pursuant to the National Firearms Act, 26 USC 5849 et seq.; the disqualification, revocation or modification
of the status of those persons designated by GrabAGun as Responsible Persons, as such term is defined in 18 U.S.C. 841(s); the ability
to maintain the listing of Colombier IIs securities on a national securities exchange; the ability to obtain or maintain the listing
of Pubcos securities on the NYSE following the Business Combination; costs related to the Business Combination; changes in business,
market, financial, political and legal conditions; risks relating to GrabAGuns operations and business, including information technology
and cybersecurity risks, and deterioration in relationships between GrabAGun and its employees; GrabAGuns ability to successfully
collaborate with business partners; demand for GrabAGuns current and future offerings; risks that orders that have been placed
for GrabAGuns products are cancelled or modified; risks related to increased competition; risks that GrabAGun is unable to secure
or protect its intellectual property; risks of product liability or regulatory lawsuits relating to GrabAGuns products; risks that
the post-combination company experiences difficulties managing its growth and expanding operations; the
risk that the Business Combination may not be completed in a timely manner, or at all, which may adversely affect the price of Colombier
IIs securities; the risk that the Business Combination may not be completed by Colombier IIs business combination deadline
and the potential failure to obtain an extension of the business combination deadline if sought by Colombier II; the failure to
satisfy the conditions to the consummation of the Business Combination; the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted against
GrabAGun, Colombier II, Pubco or others with respect to the proposed Business Combination and transactions contemplated thereby; the ability
of GrabAGun to execute its business model; and those risk factors discussed in documents of Pubco and Colombier II filed, or to be filed,
with the SEC. If any of these risks materialize or our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results could differ materially from the results
implied by these forward-looking statements. There may be additional risks that neither Colombier II nor GrabAGun presently know or that
Colombier II and GrabAGun currently believe are immaterial that could also cause actual results to differ from those contained in the
forward-looking statements. In addition, forward-looking statements reflect Colombier IIs, Pubcos and GrabAGuns expectations,
plans or forecasts of future events and views as of the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K. Colombier II, Pubco and GrabAGun anticipate
that subsequent events and developments will cause Colombier IIs, Pubcos and GrabAGuns assessments to change. However,
while Colombier II, Pubco and GrabAGun may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, Colombier II,
Pubco and GrabAGun specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. Readers are referred to the most recent reports filed with the SEC by
Colombier II. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance upon any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made,
and we undertake no obligation to update or revise the forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events
or otherwise, except as required by U.S. federal securities laws.

2

Important Information About the Transactions
and Where to Find It

Pubco, as registrant, and GrabAGun, as co-registrant,
have filed with the SEC a Registration Statement on Form S-4 (as may be amended, the Registration Statement), which
includes a preliminary proxy statement of Colombier II and a prospectus in connection with the proposed Business Combination involving
Colombier II, Pubco, Colombier Merger Sub, GrabAGun Merger Sub and GrabAGun, that is the subject of the Business Combination Agreement.
The definitive proxy statement and other relevant documents will be mailed to shareholders of Colombier II as of a record date to be established
for voting on Colombier IIs proposed Business Combination with GrabAGun. SHAREHOLDERS OF COLOMBIER II AND OTHER INTERESTED PARTIES
ARE URGED TO READ THE PRELIMINARY PROXY STATEMENT, AND AMENDMENTS THERETO, AND THE DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT IN CONNECTION WITH COLOMBIER
IIS SOLICITATION OF PROXIES FOR THE SPECIAL MEETING OF ITS SHAREHOLDERS TO BE HELD TO APPROVE THE BUSINESS COMBINATION BECAUSE
THESE DOCUMENTS WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT COLOMBIER II, GRABAGUN, PUBCO AND THE BUSINESS COMBINATION. Shareholders will
also be able to obtain copies of the Registration Statement and the proxy statement/prospectus, without charge, on the SECs website
at www.sec.gov or by directing a request to: Colombier Acquisition Corp. II, 214 Brazilian Avenue, Suite 200-J, Palm Beach, FL 33480;
e-mail: colombier@icrinc.com.

Participants in the Solicitation

Pubco, Colombier II, GrabAGun, and their respective
directors and executive officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from the shareholders of Colombier II
in connection with the Business Combination. Colombier IIs shareholders and other interested persons may obtain more detailed information
regarding the names, affiliations, and interests of certain of Colombier executive officers and directors in the solicitation by reading
Colombier IIs final prospectus filed with the SEC on November 20, 2023 in connection with Colombier IIs initial public offering,
Colombier IIs Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, as filed with the SEC on March 11, 2025 and Colombier
IIs other filings with the SEC. A list of the names of such directors and executive officers and information regarding their interests
in the Business Combination, which may, in some cases, be different from those of shareholders generally, is set forth in the Registration
Statement relating to the Business Combination. These documents can be obtained free of charge from the source indicated above.

Disclaimer

This Current Report on Form 8-K shall not constitute
a solicitation of a proxy, consent or authorization with respect to any securities or in respect of the Business Combination. This Current
Report on Form 8-K shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities pursuant to the Business
Combination or otherwise, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which the offer, solicitation or sale would
be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. No offering of securities shall
be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

The following exhibits are being filed
herewith:

99.1 Investor Presentation, dated March 2025.

99.2 Press Release, dated March 24, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

3

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

Dated: March 24, 2025

Colombier Acquisition Corp. II 

By: /s/ Omeed Malik 

Name: Omeed Malik 

Title: Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023533101ex99-1_colombier2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>INVESTOR PRESENTATION, DATED MARCH 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.1

INVESTOR PRESENTATION MARCH 2025

No Representations or Warranties No representations or warranties, express or implied are given in, or in respect of, the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Presentation or any other information (whether written or oral) that has been or will be provided to you. To the fullest extent permitted by law, neither GrabAGun, Colombier II, Pubco nor any of their respective subsidiaries, equity holders, affiliates, representatives, partners, directors, officers, employees, advisers or agents shall be responsible or liable for any direct, indirect or consequential loss or loss of profit arising from the use of this Presentation, its contents, its accuracy or sufficiency, its omissions, it errors, reliance on the information contained within it, or on opinions communicated in relation thereto or otherwise arising in connection therewith. In addition, this Presentation does not purport to be inclusive or of all of the information necessary to make an evaluation of GrabAGun, Colombier II, Pubco or the Business Combination. Viewers of this Presentation should each make their own evaluation of GrabAGun, Colombier II, Pubco and of the relevance and adequacy of the information and should make such other investigations as they deem necessary. Nothing herein should be construed as legal, financial, tax or other advice. You should consult your own advisers concerning any legal, financial, tax or other considerations concerning the opportunity described herein. The general explanations included in this Presentation cannot address, nor is intended to address, your specific investment objectives, financial situations or financial needs. Forward - Looking Statements This Presentation contains certain forward - looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws with respect to the Business Combination, including expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions, plans, prospects, financial results orstrategies regarding GrabAGun and the proposed Business Combination. Any statements other than statements of historical fact contained in this Presentation, including statements regarding the anticipated benefits and timing of the completion of the Business Combination, the products and services offered by GrabAGun and the markets in which it operates, planned products and services, business strategy and plans, objectives of management for future operations of the Company ,market size and growth opportunities, competitive position and technological and market trends, are forward - looking statements. These forward - looking statements generally are identified by the words believe, expect, anticipate, estimate, intend, strategy, future, opportunity, plan, may, should, will, would, will be, will continue, will likely result, and similar expressions. Forward - looking statements are predictions, and other statements about future events or conditions that are based on current expectations and assumptions and, as a result, are subject to risks and uncertainties. Many factors could cause actual future events to differ materially from the forward - looking statements in this document ,including, but not limited to the following risks: (i) the risk that the Business Combination may not be completed in a timely manner or at all, which may adversely affect the price of Colombier IIs securities; (ii) the risk that the Business Combination may not be completed by Colombier IIs business combination deadline; (iii) the failure by the parties to satisfy the conditions to the consummation of the Business Combination; (iv) the inability of GrabAGun to maintain any permits necessary for the conduct of GrabAGuns business, including federal firearm licenses; (v) Pubco may fail to obtain or maintain the listing of its securities on the New York Stock Exchange; (vi) costs related to the Business Combination; (vii) changes in business, market, financial, political and legal conditions; (viii) risks relating to GrabAGuns operations and business, including information technology and cybersecurity risks, failure to adequately forecast supply and demand, loss of key customers and deterioration in relationships between GrabAGun and its employees; (ix) GrabAGuns ability to successfully collaborate with business partners; (x) demand for GrabAGuns current and future offerings; (xi) risks related to increased competition; (xii) risks relating to potential disruption in the transportation and shipping infrastructure; (xiii) risks that GrabAGun is unable to secure or protect its intellectual property; (xiv) risks of product liability or regulatory lawsuits relating to GrabAGuns products and services; (xv) risks that post - closing of the Business Combination, Pubco experiences difficulties managing its growth and expanding operations; (xvi) the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted against GrabAGun, Colombier II, Pubco or others following announcement of the proposed Business Combination; (xvii) the ability of GrabAGun to execute its business model; (xviii) technological improvements by GrabAGuns peers and competitors; (xix)and those risk factors discussed in documents of Pubco and Colombier II filed, or to be filed, with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The foregoing list of factors is not exhaustive. You should carefully consider the foregoing factors and the other risks and uncertainties described in the Risk Factors section of Colombier IIs Annual Reports on Form 10 - K, the registration statement on Form S - 4 and proxy statement/prospectus that has been filed by Pubco, and other documents filed by Colombier II and Pubco from time to time with the SEC. These filings do or will identify and address other important risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events and results to differ materially from those contained in the forward - looking statements. Forward - looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. Readers are cautioned not to put undue reliance on forward - looking statements, and GrabAGun and Colombier II assume no obligation and do not intend to update or revise these forward - looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. None of GrabAGun, Colombier II or Pubco gives any assurance that any of GrabAGun, Colombier II or Pubco will achieve its expectations. Industry and Market Data In this Presentation, GrabAGun, Colombier II and Pubco rely on and refer to certain information and statistics regarding the markets and industries in which GrabAGun competes. Such information and statistics are based on GrabAGuns managements estimates and/or obtained from third - party sources, including reports by market research firms and company filings. While GrabAGun believes such third - party information is reliable, there can be no assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the indicated information. None of GrabAGun, Colombier II or Pubco has independently verified the accuracy or completeness of the information provided by the third - party sources. Each of Colombier II, GrabAGun and Pubco expressly disclaims any responsibility or liability for any damages or losses in connection with the use of such information herein. DISCLAIMER This presentation (this Presentation) is being furnished solely for the purpose of assisting the parties to whom it is addressed in making their independent evaluation with respect to a proposed business combination (the Business Combination) among Metroplex Trading Company LLC (GrabAGun), Colombier Acquisition Corp. II (Colombier II) and GrabAGun Digital Holdings Inc. (Pubco). The information contained in this Presentation should be treated in a confidential manner and may not be reproduced or used in whole or in part for any other purposes, nor may it be disclosed or otherwise made available to any third party. The provision of this Presentation shall not be taken as any form of commitment on the part of GrabAGun, Colombier II or Pubco to proceed with any negotiations of the Business Combination or any other transaction, and each of GrabAGun, Colombier II and Pubco reserve the right to discontinue discussions or negotiations regarding any transaction at any time for any reason or no reason. 02

DISCLAIMER (CONTD) Trademarks This Presentation may contain trademarks, service marks, trade names and copyrights of other companies, which are the property of their respective owners, and GrabAGuns, Colombier IIs and Pubcos use thereof does not imply an affiliation with, or endorsement by, the owners of such trademarks, service marks, trade names and copyrights . Solely for convenience, some of the trademarks, service marks, trade names and copyrights referred to in this Presentation may be listed without the TM, or symbols, but GrabAGun, Colombier II and Pubco will assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, the rights of the applicable owners, if any, to these trademarks, service marks, trade names and copyrights . No Offer or Solicitation This Presentation does not constitute (i) a solicitation of a proxy, consent or authorization with respect to any securities or in respect of the Business Combination or (ii) an offer to sell, a solicitation of an offer to buy or a recommendation to purchase any security of GrabAGun, Colombier II, Pubco or any of their respective affiliates . No such offering of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933 , as amended, or an exemption therefrom . Investment in any securities described herein has not been approved or disapproved by the SEC or any other regulatory authority nor has any authority passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering or the accuracy or adequacy of the information contained herein any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense . Non - GAAP Financial Measures This Presentation includes certain financial measures not presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), including, but not limited to, earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) and certain ratios and other metrics derived therefrom . Note that other companies may calculate these non - GAAP financial measures differently, and, therefore, such financial measures may not be directly comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies . Further, these non - GAAP financial measures are not measures of financial performance in accordance with GAAP and may exclude items that are significant in understanding and assessing GrabAGuns financial results . Therefore, these measures, and other measures that are calculated using such non - GAAP measures, should not be considered in isolation or as an alternative to net income, cash flows from operations or other measures of profitability, liquidity or performance under GAAP . You should be aware that Colombier IIs, Pubco and GrabAGuns presentation of these measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies . Colombier II, Pubco and GrabAGun believe these non - GAAP measures of financial results provide useful information to management and investors regarding certain financial and business trends relating to GrabAGuns financial condition and results of operations . Colombier II, Pubco and GrabAGun believe that the use of these non - GAAP financial measures provides an additional tool for investors to use in evaluating ongoing operating results and trends in GrabAGun, and in comparing GrabAGuns financial measures with those of other similar companies, many of which present similar non - GAAP financial measures to investors . These non - GAAP financial measures are subject to inherent limitations as they reflect the exercise of judgments by management about which items of expense and income are excluded or included in determining financial measures . Please refer to footnotes where presented on each page of this Presentation or to the tables therein for a reconciliation of these measures to what GrabAGun believes are the most directly comparable measure evaluated in accordance with GAAP . Certain monetary amounts, percentages and other figures included in this Presentation have been subject to rounding adjustments . The presentation of such non - GAAP measures, which may include adjustments to exclude unusual or non - recurring items, should not be construed as an inference that GrabAGuns future results and cash flows will be unaffected by other unusual or nonrecurring items . We expect the variability of these items could have a significant impact on our reported GAAP financial results . Participants in Solicitation GrabAGun, Colombier II and Pubco and their respective directors, managers and executive officers may be deemed under SEC rules to be participants in the solicitation of proxies of Colombier IIs shareholders in connection with the Business Combination . Investors and security holders may obtain more detailed information regarding the names and interests of Colombier IIs directors and officers in the Business Combination in Colombier IIs filings with the SEC, including Colombier IIs IPO S - 1 . To the extent that holdings of Colombier IIs securities have changed from the amounts reported in Colombier IIs IPO Form S - 1 , such changes have been or will be reflected on Statements of Change in Ownership on Form 4 filed with the SEC . Information regarding the persons who may, under SEC rules, be deemed participants in the solicitation of proxies of Colombier IIs shareholders in connection with the Business Combination will be set forth in the proxy statement/prospectus on Form S - 4 for the Business Combination, which has been filed by Pubco with the SEC . Investors, shareholders and other interested persons are urged to read the proxy statement/prospectus and other relevant documents that will be filed with the SEC carefully and in their entirety when they become available because they will contain important information about the Business Combination . Investors, shareholders and other interested persons will be able to obtain free copies of the proxy statement/prospectus and other documents containing important information about GrabAGun, Colombier II and Pubco through the website maintained by the SEC at www . sec . gov . Copies of the documents filed with the SEC that are referred to herein can be obtained free of charge by directing a written request to Colombier Acquisition Corp . II at 214 Brazilian Avenue, Suite 200 - J, Palm Beach, FL 33480 , Telephone No .: ( 561 ) 805 - 3588 . 03

MARC NEMATI CEO Transaction Consideration $150 million valuation, with a 2:1 mix of common stock and cash with CLBR shares valued at $10.00 per share Represents an attractive valuation for a growth business and sector consolidation platform that is already cash flow positive Capital Structure GrabAGun will receive up to $120 million in gross cash proceeds to the balance sheet to support future growth and strategic acquisitions in the 2A sector CLBR sponsor shares and all GrabAGun existing shareholder shares are subject to lock - up restrictions, and GrabAGun management will continue to lead the business INTRODUCTION 04 DONALD TRUMP JR. OMEED MALIK CEO TRANSACTION HIGHLIGHTS Overview Colombier Acquisition Corp II (NYSE: CLBR), a special purpose acquisition corporation, with over $170 million cash in trust, intends to publicly list GrabAGun on the NYSE via business combination transaction PARTNER DIRECTOR 1. Assumes none of Colombiers public holders exercise redemption rights to receive cash from the trust account Pro Forma Ownership 1 GrabAGun existing shareholders are rolling 2/3rds of their equity in the transaction; Colombier public shareholders will own a majority of equity in the pro forma business

Our access to earned media brings massive attention to our transactions, resulting in sales and investment from aligned customers and investors 05

THE SECOND AMENDMENT IS IN OUR BLOOD We believe that it is our American duty to help everyone, from first - time buyers to long - time enthusiasts, understand and legally secure their firearms and accessories Thats why our arsenal is fully - packed, consistently refreshed, and always loaded with high - quality, affordable firearms and accessories WE DISCOVERED A GAP We no longer shop the way we used to and the retail firearms market needed a change. We believe people should be able to use their computers, phones, and tablets to shop for firearms the same way they purchase everything else. As experts in technology and fellow firearm enthusiasts, we believe were the right people for the job WE SELLEM, YOU SHOOTEM These words have resonated with us since the beginning. Today, we provide customers with the online retail experience they deserve and the customer support they expect Our mission is to provide customers with a wide variety of the highest quality firearms and accessories at the lowest prices . Our unique ability to leverage software to increase speed to market and reduce costs allows us to pass along savings and efficiencies to customers A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed" WE ARE DEFENDERS WE ARE SPORTSMEN WE ARE OUTDOORSMEN 06

Millennials and Gen Z (18 - 44) are and tech - forward experiences Regulatory and inventory challenges stymie smaller competitors, creating opportunities for tech - enabled platforms to scale Deep relationships with manufacturers and distributors require years to cultivate, creating barriers to entry Majority of scaled digital offerings rely on user - generated listings with inconsistent pricing and inventory, which frustrates customers THE OPPORTUNITY MARKET DYNAMICS Traditional firearms retailers fail to attract younger buyers as they tend to prefer mobile 07 18 to 44 61% 23% 16% 45 to 59 60+ Buyer Mix by Age Cohort 2019 - 2021 Firearms U.S. Retail Addressable Market ~$25.3B 2 now shaping the future of firearms retail, already representing 37%+ of firearm owners and growing 1 3 5 - Year U.S. Firearms Retail Revenue Growth 2019 - 2024: 48% 2 Limited competition due to major players exiting or not participating in the market (e.g., Walmart, 5 Dick's Sporting Goods, Amazon) 1. Gun ownership ages 18 - 29 plus 30 - 44 from Jan 2019 - Apr 2021, Annals of Internal Medicine Results from the 2021 National Firearms Survey 2. Company management and U.S. Firearms and Ammunition Retail Total Addressable market plus digital firearms and ammunition retail total addressable market per IBISWORLD reports from September 2024 and October 2024. 3. Annals of Internal Medicine Results from the 2021 National Firearms Survey 4. Garrison Everest, "How to Attract the Millennial Gun Buyer 5. WSJ "Walmart Pulls Guns, Ammo Displays in U.S. Stores, Citing Civil Unrest" 10/29/2020; USA Today "Dick's Sporting Goods to eliminate gun, hunting departments in 440 stores" 3/10/2020; Amazon Terms of Service 4 44% 35% 21% 18 to 44 45 to 59 60+ MILLENNIAL AND GEN Z COHORT IS THE LARGEST GROWING GROUP OF NEW AND REPEAT BUYERS First - Time Buyers Repeat Buyers

08 THE PROBLEM Americans Second Amendment Rights Are Under Attack We now must also fight to defend our Second Amendment rights These groups tried this same playbook to limit Americans First Amendment rights, and a group of companies rose up to fight back The Supreme Court has upheld Americans' constitutional right to buy and own firearms, so the failed opposition have transitioned to new attacks on us by weaponizing the corporate world 2A SECTOR HAS BEEN STYMIED BY WOKE CAPITAL CONSTRAINTS FORCED UPON INVESTORS COMPANIES CANNOT REACH TARGET CUSTOMERS DUE TO ADVERTISING BANS AND CANCELLATION BY LEGACY MEDIA AND BIG TECH SOFTWARE COMPANIES DEPLATFORM 2A COMPANIES, STUNTING THEIR CAPABILITES AND GROWTH AND WORSENING THE CONSUMER EXPERIENCE LEVERAGE IS CONSTRAINED IN THE SECTOR BECAUSE OF WOKE FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS REFUSING TO LEND TO THE SECTOR

THE SOLUTION Our platform is built for the next generation of firearms enthusiasts and sportsmen; on a premier proprietary tech stack for the 2A sector that supports demand prediction, procurement, and regulatory compliance; on deep relationships and direct integration into the systems of Americas firearms manufacturers and distributors; and on over a decade of customer trust. With our partnership with Colombier and their expertise in growing digital marketplaces, we believe we can fuel a revolution in firearms purchases for the next generation of defenders, sportsmen and enthusiasts. Registered Accounts 1.25M Monthly Transactions ~22K Active SKUs 77,000+ Pickup Locations 42,000 09 Growth Over Industry +2100bps 1. For the 12 month period ended 12/31/2024 2. For a reconciliation of adjusted EBITDA to the equivalent GAAP financial measure, see selected unaudited historical measures on slide 26 3. Net difference between GrabAGun revenue growth of +11% between 12 months ended 2022 (unaudited) and 2024 per Company financials vs the equal - weighted average growth of public firearms peer group of Olin's Winchester Subsidiary, Smith & Wesson, Sturm Ruger, Vista Outdoor's former Kinetic Group subsidiary, and Ammo Inc's GunBroker subsidiary between 12 months ended FY 2024 and ended the latest available publicly available reported period of approximately - 10% (3) 2024 Revenue (1) $93.1M (1)(2) 2024 Adjusted EBITDA $4.7M LTM Avg Order Value (1) $404

RESULTS: ALREADY DELIVERED Overall U.S. Firearms Market - 11.0% - 20.0% 10 (1) # NICS (6) Background Checks 2 - Year Growth Post - 2022 Revenue Growth (2 - Year) +11.0% +5.0% - 4.0% - 10.0% - 20.0% (2) (3) (2) (4) (5) 1. For the 12 month period ended 12/31/24 vs (unaudited) 12/31/22, as provided by GrabAGun 2. For the 12 month period ended 12/31/24 vs 12/31/22 for Olins subsidiary Winchester and Ruger, as provided by Olins and Rugerss public filings 3. For the 12 month period ended 1/31/25 vs 1/31/23 as provided by Smith & Wessons public filings 4. For the 12 month period ended 9/30/24 vs 12/31/22 for Vista Outdoors former subsidiary The Kinetic Group , as provided by Vista Outdoors public filings 5. Ammo Inc. marketplace subsidiary financial performance for the 12 month period ended 12/31/22 vs 6/30/2024, as provided by Ammo Incs Public filings 6. FBI National Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS). For the 12 month period ended 12/31/2024

INVESTMENT HIGHLIGHTS Procurement platform and supplier integrations provides pricing, as well as inventory optimization edge High impact customer outreach marketing capabilities, amplified by Colombiers unique media position Cash flow generative business expected to benefit from scale efficiencies as top line grows Foundation to become the premier consolidator of the 2A sector 11 GrabAGun is positioned to be a leading U.S. mobile - focused firearms retail platform for the next generation of buyers Millenial and Gen Z firearms buyers are primed to disrupt the firearms market with digital, mobile - first retail preferences Customer journey is supported with robust catalog, flexible payment and delivery options, and U.S. - based customer service Proprietary tech stack, including AI - driven listings, demand prediction, and automated procurement systems

PREMIER USER EXPERIENCE FOR THE NEXT GENERATION OF FIREARMS BUYERS 12 Mobile - Friendly UI Design Tailored for Millennials & Gen Z Ensures Seamless Navigation & Engagement Of Total Revenue Monthly Page Views 13.8M 64.1% Of Total Sessions Bounce Rate 16.90% 61.4% Conversion Rate 1.02% Avg Session Duration (2) 5:37 1. For 12 month period ended 12/31/24 2. Active users Exceptional User Engagement (1) Mobile - First Focus (1) 64.2% Of Transactions

FOCUSED ON THE CUSTOMER JOURNEY Customers can create an account for streamlined future checkouts Simplified checkout with or without a registered account Our FFL platform handles regulations and compliance, including transfer paperwork and background checks HASSLE - FREE CHECKOUT Checkout flow optimized for mobile - first habits of younger shoppers PAYMENTS & SHOOT NOW PAY LATER Powered by PublicSquare Payments, our un - cancelable payment stack ensures a seamless transaction experience unaffected by woke challenges faced by competitors SHIPPING & PICKUP Relationships with over 42,000 FFL pickup sites nationwide UNPARALLELED SUPPORT Dedicated team of 10 U.S. - based customer service reps with AI augmented capabilities available via phone or online chat to resolve any order related issues 13 SELECT YOUR GUN CHOOSE YOUR FFL PICKUP LOCATION PAY ONLINE SHOOT NOW! Centralized, automated SKU generation and maintenance eliminates frustrating duplicate SKUs MASSIVE CATALOG Customers can find over 77,000 active SKUs, making GrabAGun a one - stop shop Shoot Now Pay Later consumer financing from PublicSquare/ Credova supports millions in sales annually (1) 1. During 2024 and 2023, Credova Financed Transactions represented approximately 4% of GrabAGun's total sales transactions, generating approximately 8% of GrabAGun's total revenues. 2. For the 12 month period ended 12/31/24 ~70% of all orders ship to pickup sites in two business days and ~98% within five ( , 2) with automated shipment tracking sent to buyer

PROPRIETARY TECH STACK FOR THE 2A SECTOR Competitor pricing analytics and Product Margin Optimization (PMO) algorithms Automated price reductions for clearance and margin enhancement 14 Near real - time distributor cost and quantity updates Automated buying algorithms optimizing for inventory forecasting, cost, availability, and shipping speed Direct system integration with 13 distributors, providing access to 2,000+ manufacturers Automated bulk discount handling and inventory replenishment Personalized shopping with demand prediction and suggestion engine Automated email alerts to customers for high demand restocks and low - cost opportunities Proprietary eGunbook Platform manages GrabAGuns logistics and compliance with 42,000+ FFL pickup locations Triple - check firearm compliance system ensures close to 100% accuracy in shipping DYNAMIC INVENTORY & ORDER MANAGEMENT AI - POWERED PRICING & DEMAND PREDICTION FFL PARTNERS COMPLIANCE & DISTRIBUTION PLATFORM PERSONALIZED CUSTOMER - CENTRIC FEATURES SEAMLESS SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT

Warehouse Retailers Manufacturers Distributors Buying Groups Consumers Manufacturers Distributors TRADITIONAL FIREARMS SUPPLY CHAIN Retailers use large amounts of working capital to procure bulk orders of inventory, pre - ordered months in advance from buying groups PROCUREMENT PLATFORM Using direct system integrations and demand prediction to optimize product source for pricing, costs, and inventory turnover Retailers Consumers Inventory Sourcing: Retailers pool together, buying in bulk, to receive better pricing Sourcing Options: Buy and hold in GrabAGun warehouse Drop ship from manufacturer Drop ship from distributor Limited order flexibility Inventory available determined by buying group Orders made months in advance Additional middle men add to the cost of procurement Working capital intensive 15 Higher product cost to consumer Buying terms arbitrage unlocked by direct integrations into manufacturers and distributors Enabled by the GrabAGun platform OUR DYNAMIC PROCUREMENT PLATFORM Traditional Supply Chain Cost savings captured by GrabAGun and shared with consumers Strategic purchasing of inventory held vs. dropshipping based on price and demand prediction Near real - time inventory availability across suppliers and GrabAGun warehouse Dropship options for faster and cheaper delivery to customer Immediate access to new and broader set of products Optimizes inventory turnover and working capital

Organic 37% Email 32% Direct 17% LTM 2024 REVENUE BY SOURCE Other 14% ~864 MILLION 132K TRANSACTIONS 30.5% EMAIL OPEN RATE $438 EMAIL AOV $404 OVERALL AOV > 1.3 MILLION OUTBOUND EMAIL LIST ...AMPLIFIED BY COLOMBIER Marketing Blitz + 218% User Growth + 404% Unique Daily Session Growth MASSIVE UPSIDE POSSIBLE FROM UNTAPPED EXPOSURE TO BURGEONING NEW MEDIA UNIVERSE RESULT - REACH 2A CUSTOMERS DESPITE WOKE BANS BY LEGACY MEDIA AND BIG TECH 16 1. LTM as of 12/2024 2. PublicSquare growth during window between announcement and close of public listing via business combination between Colombier I and PublicSquare, from 2/28/23 to 7/31/23. Source: PublicSquare Investor Presentation, September 2023 (1) (2) (1) (1) (1) EMAILS SENT (1) HIGH IMPACT CUSTOMER OUTREACH PROGRAMS... EFFECTIVE OUTBOUND EMAIL CAPABILITIES TRAFFIC BY SOURCE (BASED ON SESSIONS) Other 15 % Direct 18 % Organic 31 % Email 38 %

Used Firearms Marketplaces With Colombiers solutions for capital and customer acquisition, GrabAGun can be positioned to consolidate the 2A sector GrabAGun has an opportunity to unlock value for investors by capturing arbitrage caused by the various woke restrictions and mandates S OPPORTUNITY AS 2A SECTOR CONSOLIDATOR 17 Distributors Firearm Accessories Marketplaces Web 1.0 Firearms Marketplaces Brick & Mortar Retailers Importers FFL Compliance FFL POS Opportunities with Strategic Fit A) Expand breadth of procurement channels B) Expand into similar offerings/marketplaces for cross - sell C) Vertically integrated value chain D) Expand into software layer of retailers E) Acquire Web 1.0 competitors with loyal customer base FFL ERP

CLBR Shareholders 68% TRANSACTION SUMMARY Of the over $170 million CLBR cash held in trust (subject to interest and redemptions), up to $120 million will be used to fund and accelerate future growth initiatives, pay transactions expenses, seek consolidation opportunities, and other general corporate purposes GrabAGun exisiting equityholders and management are rolling 2/3 of their equity into the transaction CLBR Sponsor common shares and all GrabAGun equityholders common shares received in the transaction also subject to lock - up restrictions Uses Sources $100 GrabAGun Rollover Equity $170 SPAC Cash in Trust $50 Distribution to GrabAGun Equityholders $100 GrabAGun Rollover Equity $110 Cash to Pro Forma Balance Sheet $10 Estimated Transaction Fee $270 Total Sources $270 Total Sources Total Enterprise Value 31.25M $10.00 $312.5 ($118) $194.5 18 1. Assumes none of Colombier Acquisition Corp. IIs holders exercise redemption rights to receive cash from the trust account. This amount will be reduced by the amount of cash used to satisfy any redemptions 2. Pro forma share count assumes no redemptions and represents 10.0M seller rollover shares, 17.0M Colombier pubic stockholder shares, and 4.25M Colombier Sponsor shares. Pro Forma share count excludes (i) the effect of outstanding warrants to purchase CLBR common stock and (ii) any equity awards contemplated to be issued in connection with or following the completion of the transaction or any issued to GrabAGun consultants or contractors 3. Includes $8M of cash on balance sheet as of December 31, 2024 Transaction Overview (1)(2) Colombier will acquire GrabAGun for $150 million, with a 2:1 mix of stock and cash with CLBR shares valued at $10.00 per share Sources and Uses ($M) (1)(2) (1)(2) Pro Forma Valuation ($ in M, except per share data) Pro Forma Illustrative Ownership Breakdown (1)(2) GrabAGun Shareholder Rollover 32% Total shares outstanding Price per share Equity value Less: net cash (3)

APPENDIX 19

INDUSTRY LEADING BRANDS WORKS WITH: 20

Why Are FFLs Needed? History of Regulatory Compliance REGULATORY COMPLIANCE Firearm Purchase Process 1 Buyer purchases firearm, pays GrabAGun, and selects their local Federal Firearm License (FFL) holder 2 GrabAGun ships the firearm to the designated FFL in compliance with federal and state laws 3 Buyer goes to the FFL and completes all required paperwork, as well as a background check 4 Following the successful completion of the required paperwork, the FFL releases the firearm Non - firearm purchases such as accessories and ammunition can be sent directly to buyers FFLs facilitate firearm transfers and ensure background checks are completed All firearm purchases, including online, must be finalized through an FFL FFLs typically charge a flat fee for transfer services 21 GrabAGun holds a Type 1 FFL and SOT license for retail firearm sales GrabAGun stays up - to - date with regulations, legislation, and case law Extensive experience working with the ATF, including software development support Over 1,000,000 direct ship transactions since eGunbook launch

FFL Validation Proprietary software validates FFL status and location, placing errors on hold for remediation Triple Check Compliance Outbound checks verify order barcodes and firearm serials, with the system issuing a Pass or Fail ATF Integration ATF - sourced FFL addresses are validated and cross - checked with shipping labels for accuracy eGunbook Integration Serial numbers confirm firearm disposal to the FFL, which ensures legal transfer compliance Order Data Validation Order and barcode are verified to ensure the correct firearm was marked disposed, and validates at checkout to confirm the shipper selected the correct FFL Shipping Integration The order number is sent via API to shipping software, transmitting tracking information to both the Company and the customer GrabAGuns industry leading regulatory compliance system, eGunbook, reduces arduous filings and streamlines order fulfillment eGunbook makes it possible for key suppliers to offer drop - shipping options, in which products are shipped directly to FFLs or customers rather than being processed by GrabAGun, saving both time and shipping costs System automatically provides buyers with tracking information, reducing the strain on the customer service desk 22 POST - SALE FULFILLMENT & REGULATORY COMPLIANCE COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES

Marc Nemati Chairman & Chief Executive Officer of GrabAGun Marc Nemati will become the President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Pubco upon consummation of the Business Combination. He has been a member of GrabAGun since 2011 and has served as GrabAGuns President since October 2023 and its Chief Executive Officer since September 2024 and previously was its Chief Information Officer. In these positions, Mr. Nemati guides GrabAGun, providing day - to - day operational leadership of the companys product lines and eCommerce activities. As a software engineer by training, Mr. Nemati has pioneered ground - up software solutions for virtually every business process, enabling GrabAGuns highly efficient scalability. GrabAGun has developed under Mr. Nemati industry - leading software for inventory management, operations management and regulatory compliance. Mr. Nemati spearheaded the development of the first federally government - approved, electronically stored background check process. Prior to joining GrabAGun, Mr. Nemati held senior software engineering positions at IBM, focused on developing software solutions for IBMs global enterprise retail and consumer products clients, from 2008 to 2016. Mr. Nemati received both a B.S. degree in Computer Science and an M.S. degree in Security Engineering from Southern Methodist University. Mr. Nemati brings extensive knowledge of the firearms industry to GrabAGun and a deep background in technology, eCommerce and engineering, making him well - qualified as a member of the Board. Justin Hilty Chief Financial Officer of GrabAGun Justin C. Hilty will become the Chief Financial Officer of Pubco upon the consummation of the Business Combination. He has served as GrabAGuns Chief Financial Officer since 2010 and is a co - founder of the company. Mr. Hilty has managed GrabAGuns financial, accounting and banking activities since inception. From 2007 to 2010, he served as a vice president at Comerica Bank, where he worked with the banks largest commercial customers to structure tax advantaged leases, and from 1994 to 2007, he worked in the commercial finance department of Citigroup, where he participated in underwriting commercial equipment financing. Mr. Hilty received a B.S. degree in Accounting from the University of Texas at Arlington. Matt Vittitow Chief Operating Officer of GrabAGun & Director Matthew Vittitow will become the Chief Operating Officer of Pubco upon consummation of the Business Combination. He has served as GrabAGuns Chief Operating Officer since 2010 and is a co - founder of the company. Mr. Vittitow has been instrumental in fueling the growth and stability of GrabAGun by leveraging his background in technology and operations management to contribute to developing best - in - industry operating procedures and efficiencies. From 2001 to 2013, Mr. Vittitow served as a software implementation manager at Fidelity National Information Services, Inc., a financial services technology solutions provider. Mr. Vittitow received a B.S. degree in Business Computer Information Systems from the University of North Texas and an M.B.A. from the University of Oklahoma. Mr. Vittitows nearly 15 years of experience operating in the firearms eCommerce business environment makes him well - qualified as a member of the Board. 23 LEADERSHIP TEAM

Chris W. Cox Director Chris W. Cox, a director nominee of Pubco, has been the President of Capitol 6 Advisors LLC, a consulting firm that provides long - range strategic public policy and public affairs consulting, crisis management and brand positioning services, since July 2019 and the President of Caliber Contact, a company providing campaign services, since April 2023. Mr. Cox served various roles at the National Rifle Association of America (NRA), most recently as the Executive Director of the NRAs Institute for Legislative Action from April 2002 to June 2019. Mr. Cox has appeared on a variety of national news programs, including Fox News Sunday, Tucker Carlson Tonight, Hannity, The Kelly File with Megyn Kelly and This Week with George Stephanopoulos. His articles have been published in The New York Times, the Washington Post, and other publications and he was a primetime speaker during the 2016 Republican National Convention. Mr. Cox is a graduate of Rhodes College in Memphis. Mr. Coxs extensive experience leading the NRA and as a lobbyist and public relations consultant in the legislative field for gun rights and public affairs makes him well - qualified as a member of the Board. Colion Noir Director Collins Iyare Idehen Jr., director nominee of Pubco, professionally known as Colion Noir, is an attorney, Second Amendment rights advocate, and influential media personality. Mr. Noirs legal practice in Texas is focused on Second Amendment rights. Mr. Noirs commentary on gun rights led to his collaboration with the National Rifle Association (NRA) in 2013. In May 2014, he hosted the web series NOIR, combining his legal expertise with his passion for firearms to engage a broad audience. Beyond his work with the NRA, Mr. Noir has established a significant digital presence. Through his YouTube channel, he provides insightful commentary on firearm - related topics, legal analyses, and discussions on constitutional rights. Mr. Noirs contributions extend to traditional media as well. His media appearances include guest spots on platforms such as The Joe Rogan Experience and HBOs Real Time with Bill Maher, where he discusses topics ranging from gun rights to broader social issues. Mr. Noir received his Bachelor of Arts in Political Science from the University of Houston, followed by a Juris Doctor from the Thurgood Marshall School of Law at Texas Southern University. Mr. Noirs established voice in the discourse on gun rights and constitutional freedoms makes him well - qualified as a member of the Board. Blake Masters Director Blake Masters, a director nominee of Pubco, has been a director of PSQ Holdings, Inc. since July 2023. Mr. Masters is a successful entrepreneur and venture capital investor. Mr. Masters co - founded Judicata, Inc., a legal intelligence software company, in 2012 and served as its co - founder until 2014. From February 2018 to March 2022, Mr. Masters was the Chief Operating Officer of Thiel Capital, an investment firm that specializes in the technology sector. From July 2015 to March 2022, Mr. Masters also served as the President of the Thiel Foundation, a nonprofit that promotes science and innovation, and currently serves on the foundations board of directors. Mr. Masters was Arizonas GOP nominee for the U.S. Senate in 2022. In 2014, Mr. Masters co - authored with Peter Thiel, the book Zero to One: Notes on Startups, or How to Build the Future, which quickly became a #1 New York Times bestseller in the U.S., selling more than 1.75 million copies globally. Mr. Masters received his J.D. from Stanford Law School and his B.S. degree in Political Science from Stanford University. Mr. Masters deep background in technology growth companies as an entrepreneur and investor makes him well - qualified as a member of the Board. LEADERSHIP TEAM (CONTD) 24

LEADERSHIP TEAM (CONTD) Donald J. Trump Jr. Director Donald J. Trump Jr., a director nominee of Pubco, has served as a Partner at 1789 Capital, an investment firm that provides financing to companies in the budding EIG economy, since November 2024. Mr. Trump has served as an Executive Vice President at The Trump Organization since September 2001, where he helps oversee the companys extensive real estate portfolio, media and other business interests around the globe. Over the course of his career, Mr. Trump has played a critical role in many of the companys most successful real estate development projects, including the Trump International Hotel & Tower in Chicago and Trump International Hotel in Washington D.C. Mr. Trumps involvement in those projects was extensive, ranging from the initial deal evaluation stage, analysis and pre - development planning to construction, branding, marketing, operations, sales, and leasing. Mr. Trump has also spearheaded efforts to further expand the Trump brand globally and has overseen large segments of The Trump Organizations commercial leasing business involving properties such as Trump Tower on Fifth Avenue and 40 Wall Street in downtown Manhattan. Since December 2024, Mr. Trump has served on the board of directors of PSQ Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: PSQH). Since March 2024, Mr. Trump has served on the board of directors of Trump Media & Technology Group Corp. (NASDAQ: DJT). In addition to his real estate interests, Mr. Trump is an accomplished and sought - after speaker. He has spoken extensively throughout the United States and around the world and maintains an influential social media presence. He was also featured as an advisor on the highly acclaimed NBC shows The Apprentice and the The Celebrity Apprentice. Mr. Trump received his bachelors degree in Finance and Real Estate from the Wharton School of Finance at the University of Pennsylvania. Mr. Trumps extensive business experience makes him well - qualified to serve as a member of the Board. Dusty Wunderlich Director Dusty Wunderlich, a director nominee of Pubco, has been a director of PSQ Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: PSQH) (PublicSq.) since March 2024 and has served as its Chief Strategy Officer since June 2024. Prior to joining the board of PublicSq., he served as Chief Executive Officer and a director of Credova Holdings, Inc. (Credova), a provider of point - of - sale financing solutions, from September 2020 until its acquisition by PublicSq. in March 2024. Mr. Wunderlich was managing member of Red Rock Armory, LLC, an investment firm, from January 2021 until March 2024, and was managing member of ALMC, LLC, a consulting firm, from May 2017 to August 2020. Prior to that, Mr. Wunderlich served as Chief Executive Officer of Bristlecone, Inc . , a provider of point - of - sale financing solutions, from 2014 to 2017 , and as Principal of DCA Partners, a boutique investment banking and private equity firm, from 2011 to 2013 . Mr . Wunderlich received both a bachelors degree in finance and economics and an MBA from Missouri State University . Mr . Wunderlichs extensive experience in financial technology, commercial lending and capital markets makes him well - qualified as a member of the Board . 25

$9.5 $10.1 $11.5 Gross Profit 10.2% 10.5% 12.9% % Gross Margin $4.7 $4.7 $5.0 Adj. EBITDA 5.0% 4.9% 6.1% % Adj EBITDA Margin 0.4 0.5 Capitalized Software, net 0.0 0.0 Property & Equipment, net 0.3 0.5 Operating Lease Right - of - Use Asset 0.0 0.0 Other Assets $ 8.7 $ 10.8 Accounts Payable 0.2 0.2 Operating Lease Liabilities, current 1.1 0.9 Accrued Expense & Other Current Liabilities 2.3 2.6 Unearned Revenue $ 12.3 $ 14.6 Total Current Liabilities 0.0 0.3 Operating Lease Liability, non - current $ 12.3 $ 14.8 Total Liabilities Members Capital: 1.9 2.0 Members Capital $ 1.9 $ 2.0 Total Members Capital $ 14.2 $ 16.9 Total Liabilities & Members Capital Cash & Cash Equivalents $ 10.7 $ 7.9 Inventory, net 4.2 4.8 Deferred Transaction Costs 0.3 Prepaid Exp. & Other Current Assets 0.8 0.6 Total Current Assets $ 15.8 $ 13.5 Total Assets $ 16.9 $ 14.2 SELECT HISTORICAL METRICS (1) GrabAGun is historically a passthrough entity in which income taxes are paid by the ownership (2) Other expenses related to tax - related items, GrabAGun has no outstanding debt or interest payments (3) Non - recurring costs consist of third - party accounting and consulting fees incurred in preparation for the Business Combination that are not otherwise deferred. Source: Company Provided Information 26 Calendar Year Ended December 31 , 2022 2023 2024 (Unaudited) $84.1 $96.3 $93.1 ($ in M) Revenue Net Income (1) (+) Depreciation, Amortization, & Other (2) (+) Non - Recurring Costs (3) $4.8 0.2 $4.3 0.4 ( - ) Costs of Goods Sold (72.7) (86.2) ($ in M) Assets Current Assets: December 31, 2023 2024 Liabilities & Members Capital Current Liabilities: $4.3 0.3 0.1 (83.6)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023533101ex99-2_colombier2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE, DATED MARCH 24, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.2

GrabAGun Nominates Donald Trump Jr. and Post-Closing
Board of Directors and Advances Plans for Upcoming Public Listing 

Donald Trump Jr., Blake Masters, Chris Cox,
Colion Noir, Dusty Wunderlich, Marc Nemati and Matt Vittitow nominated to board of future publicly traded company

GrabAGun and Colombier Acquisition Corp. II
file Form S-4 with the SEC, a critical milestone in go-public transaction 

Coppell, Texas and Palm Beach, Florida
March 24, 2025 Metroplex Trading Company LLC, d.b.a. GrabAGun.com (the Company or
GrabAGun), an online retailer of firearms, ammunition and related accessories, and Colombier Acquisition Corp. II
(Colombier II) (NYSE: CLBR), a special purpose acquisition company led by Omeed Malik, a distinguished entrepreneur
and investor with extensive experience in digital marketplace transactions, today announced the filing of a registration statement
on Form S-4 (as may be amended, the Registration Statement) with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
("SEC"), which includes a preliminary proxy statement/prospectus in connection with the proposed business combination
(Business Combination or Transaction) that is the subject of the Business Combination Agreement entered
into by Colombier II and GrabAGun on January 6, 2025 (Merger Agreement). The Registration Statement was filed by
GrabAGun Digital Holdings Inc. (GrabAGun Digital), which will be the post-Business Combination public company.
Contained in the Registration Statement is a proposal to nominate the distinguished individuals set forth below to the
post-Transaction public company board of directors (GrabAGun Digital Board). In connection with the Business
Combination, the parties will apply for the securities of GrabAGun Digital to be listed on the New York Stock Exchange
(NYSE) under the proposed symbols PEW and PEWW.

GrabAGun Digital Board Nominees

In addition to Marc Nemati, GrabAGuns President
and Chief Executive Officer, and Matthew Vittitow, GrabAGuns Chief Operating Officer, each of whom will hold equivalent positions
with GrabAGun Digital, the Registration Statement identifies the following individuals as nominees to the post-closing GrabAGun Digital
Board, subject to approval at a special shareholder meeting Colombier II will convene prior to the Transaction closing:

Donald Trump Jr. has served as a Partner at 1789 Capital,
an investment firm that provides financing to companies in the budding EIG economy, since November 2024. Mr. Trump has served as an Executive
Vice President at The Trump Organization since September 2001, where he helps oversee the companys extensive real estate portfolio,
media and other business interests around the globe. Over the course of his career, Mr. Trump has played a critical role in many of the
companys most successful real estate development projects, including the Trump International Hotel & Tower in Chicago, Trump
International Hotel in Washington D.C. and many others. Mr. Trumps involvement in those projects was extensive, ranging from the
initial deal evaluation stage, analysis and pre-development planning to construction, branding, marketing, operations, sales, and leasing.
Mr. Trump has also spearheaded efforts to further expand the Trump brand globally and has overseen large segments of The Trump Organizations
commercial leasing business involving properties such as Trump Tower on Fifth Avenue and 40 Wall Street in downtown Manhattan. Since
December 2024, Mr. Trump has served on the board of directors of PSQ Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: PSQH). Since December 2024, Mr. Trump has
served as a consultant to GrabAGun. Since March 2024, Mr. Trump has served on the board of directors of Trump Media & Technology
Group Corp. (NASDAQ: DJT). In addition to his real estate interests, Mr. Trump is an accomplished and sought-after speaker. He has spoken
extensively throughout the United States and around the world and maintains an influential social media presence. He was also featured
as an advisor on the highly acclaimed NBC shows The Apprentice and The Celebrity Apprentice. Mr. Trump received
his bachelors degree in Finance and Real Estate from the Wharton School of Finance at the University of Pennsylvania.

Colion Noir is an attorney, Second Amendment rights advocate, and influential media personality.
Mr. Noirs legal practice in Texas is focused on Second Amendment rights. Mr. Noirs commentary on gun rights led to his collaboration
with the National Rifle Association (NRA) in 2013. In May 2014, he hosted the web series NOIR, combining his
legal expertise with his passion for firearms to engage a broad audience. Beyond his work with the NRA, Mr. Noir has established a significant
digital presence. Through his YouTube channel, he provides insightful commentary on firearm-related topics, legal analyses, and discussions
on constitutional rights. Mr. Noirs contributions extend to traditional media as well. His media appearances include guest spots
on platforms such as The Joe Rogan Experience and HBOs Real Time with Bill Maher, where he discusses
topics ranging from gun rights to broader social issues. Mr. Noir received his Bachelor of Arts in Political Science from the University
of Houston, followed by a Juris Doctor from the Thurgood Marshall School of Law at Texas Southern University.

Chris Cox has been the President of Capitol 6 Advisors LLC, a consulting firm that provides long-range
strategic public policy and public affairs consulting, crisis management and brand positioning services, since July 2019 and the President
of Caliber Contact, a company providing campaign services, since April 2023. Mr. Cox served various roles at the National Rifle Association
of America (NRA), most recently as the Executive Director of the NRAs Institute for Legislative Action from April
2002 to July 2019. Mr. Cox has appeared on a variety of national news programs and networks, including Fox News Sunday, Tucker Carlson
Tonight, Hannity, The Kelly File with Megyn Kelly, This Week with George Stephanopoulos, CNN, ABC, NBC and CBS. He has been published
in The New York Times, the Washington Post, and other publications and was a primetime speaker during the 2016 Republican National Convention.
Mr. Cox is a graduate of Rhodes College in Memphis.

Blake Masters has been a director of PSQ Holdings, Inc. since July 2023. Mr. Masters is a successful
entrepreneur and venture capital investor. Mr. Masters co-founded Judicata, Inc., a legal intelligence software company, in 2012 and served
as its co-founder until 2014. From February 2018 to March 2022, Mr. Masters was the Chief Operating Officer of Thiel Capital, an investment
firm that specializes in the technology sector. From July 2015 to March 2022, Mr. Masters also served as the President of the Thiel Foundation,
a nonprofit that promotes science and innovation, and currently serves on the foundations board of directors. Mr. Masters was Arizonas
GOP nominee for the U.S. Senate in 2022. In 2014, Mr. Masters co-authored with Peter Thiel, the book Zero to One: Notes on Startups,
or How to Build the Future, which quickly became a #1 New York Times bestseller in the U.S., selling more than 3 million copies
globally. Mr. Masters received his J.D. from Stanford Law School and his B.S. degree in Political Science from Stanford University.

Dusty Wunderlich has been a director of PSQ Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: PSQH) (PublicSq)
since March 2024 and has served as its Chief Strategy Officer since June 2024. Prior to joining the board of PublicSq, he served as Chief
Executive Officer and a director of Credova Holdings, Inc. (Credova), a provider of point-of-sale financing solutions,
from September 2020 until its acquisition by PublicSq in March 2024. Mr. Wunderlich was managing member of Red Rock Armory, LLC, an investment
firm, from January 2021 until March 2024, and was managing member of ALMC, LLC, a consulting firm, from May 2017 to August 2020. Prior
to that, Mr. Wunderlich served as Chief Executive Officer of Bristlecone, Inc., a provider of point-of-sale financing solutions, from
2014 to 2017, and as Principal of DCA Partners, a boutique investment banking and private equity firm, from 2011 to 2013. Mr. Wunderlich
received both a bachelors degree in finance and economics and an MBA from Missouri State University.

2

Announcement Commentary

In todays crowded retail landscape,
consumers are increasingly favoring online retail as a means to purchase products that meet their needs, said Mr. Trump. Never
before have consumers had the ability to exercise their Second Amendment rights in the truly innovative and pioneering way that GrabAGun
offers them. With its industry-leading technology stack and secure platform, GrabAGun enables Americans to legally purchase firearms and
related products in an easy-to-navigate, consumer friendly, affordable and accessible way. Hand-in-hand with the Colombier II team and
my support, GrabAGun is well-positioned for growth as a category leader, and I look forward to GrabAGun Digitals bright future.

Mr. Nemati, GrabAGuns President and Chief
Executive Officer, commented: Today marks a significant milestone in our journey to bring GrabAGun and our technology-driven firearms
platform to the public markets. Our commitment to innovation and a seamless digital experience continues to set us apart as we move forward
in this exciting next chapter. We welcome enthusiastically the nominees to the GrabAGun Digital Board, who are leaders in our industry.
Our consultant Donald Trump Jr., together with Omeed Malik and the rest of the Colombier II team, continue to demonstrate the immense
value that they can unlock for our company as our partners throughout this Transaction. We embrace this path towards bringing more awareness
to our leading, tech-first firearms shopping experience and the plentiful opportunities ahead.

"GrabAGun continues to showcase its robust
financial profile as they fervently defend the 2A rights of Americans by providing streamlined, digital access to a large assortment of
firearms for all enthusiasts, Omeed Malik, Colombier II CEO and Chairman, said. As we continue to partner with them on this
transformative go-public transaction, we are confident in their ability to continue executing their growth plans, attract new customers
and modernize the firearms-purchasing experience.

Background Information on the Business Combination

On January 6, 2025, GrabAGun, GrabAGun Digital
and Colombier II entered into the Merger Agreement to consummate a business combination transaction, as further described in the Registration
Statement, which the parties expect to be completed in the summer of 2025, subject to regulatory approvals and other customary conditions.
In connection with the closing of the Transaction, the parties will apply to list the securities of the resulting public company, named
GrabAGun Digital Holdings Inc., on the NYSE under the proposed symbols PEW and PEWW. Colombier
II shares currently trade on the NYSE under the symbol CLBR.

Additional information about the proposed Business
Combination can be found in the Registration Statement filed by GrabAGun Digital Holdings Inc., and in other public filings of Colombier
II, which are available, free of charge, on the SECs website at sec.gov.

In connection with the Business Combination, Ellenoff
Grossman & Schole LLP is serving as legal counsel to Colombier II and Olshan Frome Wolosky LLP is serving as legal counsel to GrabAGun.

3

About GrabAGun

We are defenders. We are sportsmen. We are outdoorsmen.
We believe that it is our American duty to help everyone, from first-time buyers to long-time enthusiasts, understand and legally secure
their firearms and accessories. Thats why our arsenal is fully packed, consistently refreshed, and always loaded with high-quality,
affordable firearms and accessories. Industry-leading brands that GrabAGun works with include Smith & Wesson Brands, Sturm, Ruger
& Co., SIG Sauer, Glock, Springfield Armory and Hornady Manufacturing, among others.

GrabAGun is a digitally native eCommerce retailer
of firearms and ammunition, related accessories and other outdoor enthusiast products. Building on the Companys proprietary software
expertise, the Companys eCommerce site has become one of the leading firearm retail websites. In addition to its eCommerce excellence,
GrabAGun has developed industry-leading solutions for supply chain management, combining dynamic inventory and order management with AI-powered
pricing and demand forecasting. These advancements enable seamless logistics, efficient regulatory compliance and a streamlined experience
for customers.

About Colombier Acquisition Corp. II

Colombier II is a blank check company formed for
the purpose of effecting a merger, capital share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination
with one or more businesses. While Colombier II may pursue an acquisition opportunity in any business, industry, sector or geographical
location, it intends to focus on industries that complement the management teams background and network, such as companies categorized
by Entrepreneurship, Innovation and Growth (EIG), including but not limited to parallel economies, the return of products and services
developed within the United States, sectors with impaired value due to certain investor mandates and businesses within regulated areas
that are disrupting inefficiencies related thereto. Please visit the Colombier II investor relations
page at https://www.colombierspac.com/.

Additional Information and Where to Find It

GrabAGun Digital has filed with the SEC the Registration
Statement on Form S-4, which includes a preliminary proxy statement of Colombier II and a prospectus in connection with the proposed Business
Combination among Colombier II, GrabAGun Digital and GrabAGun pursuant to the Merger Agreement. The definitive proxy statement and other
relevant documents will be mailed to shareholders of Colombier II as of a record date to be established for voting on the proposed Business
Combination. SHAREHOLDERS OF COLOMBIER II AND OTHER INTERESTED PARTIES ARE URGED TO READ, WHEN AVAILABLE, THE PRELIMINARY PROXY STATEMENT,
AND AMENDMENTS THERETO, AND THE DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT IN CONNECTION WITH COLOMBIER IIS SOLICITATION OF PROXIES FOR THE SPECIAL
MEETING OF ITS SHAREHOLDERS TO BE HELD TO APPROVE THE BUSINESS COMBINATION BECAUSE THESE DOCUMENTS CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT
COLOMBIER II, GRABAGUN, GRABAGUN DIGITAL AND THE BUSINESS COMBINATION. Shareholders are able to obtain copies of the Registration Statement
and the joint proxy statement/prospectus, without charge on the SECs website at www.sec.gov or by directing a request to: Colombier
Acquisition Corp. II, 214 Brazilian Avenue, Suite 200-J, Palm Beach, FL 33480, email: CLBR@icrinc.com.

Participants in the Solicitation

GrabAGun Digital, Colombier II, GrabAGun and their
respective directors, executive officers and members, as applicable, may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from
the shareholders of Colombier II in connection with the Business Combination. Colombier IIs shareholders and other interested persons
may obtain more detailed information regarding the names, affiliations and interests of certain of Colombier II executive officers and
directors in the solicitation by reading Colombier IIs final prospectus filed with the SEC on November 20, 2023 in connection with
Colombier IIs initial public offering (IPO), Colombier IIs Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2024, as filed with the SEC on March 11, 2025, and Colombier IIs other public filings with the SEC. A list of the names of
such directors and executive officers and information regarding their interests in the Business Combination, which may, in some cases,
be different from those of shareholders generally, are set forth in the Registration Statement relating to the Business Combination. These
documents can be obtained free of charge from the source indicated above.

4

Forward-Looking Statements

This communication contains certain forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words
such as estimate, plan, forecast, intend, may, will,
expect, continue, should, would, anticipate, believe,
seek, target, predict, potential, seem, future, outlook
or other similar expressions that predict or indicate future events or trends or that are not statements of historical matters, but the
absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited
to, references with respect to the anticipated benefits of the proposed Business Combination; GrabAGuns ability to successfully
execute its expansion plans and business initiatives; the sources and uses of cash of the proposed Business Combination; the anticipated
capitalization and enterprise value of the combined company following the consummation of the proposed Business Combination; and expectations
related to the terms and timing of the proposed Business Combination. These statements are based on various assumptions, whether or not
identified in this press release, and on the current expectations of GrabAGuns and Colombier IIs management and are not
predictions of actual performance. These forward-looking statements are provided for illustrative purposes only and are not intended to
serve as and must not be relied on by any investor as a guarantee, an assurance, a prediction or a definitive statement of fact or probability.
Actual events and circumstances are difficult or impossible to predict and will differ from assumptions. Many actual events and circumstances
are beyond the control of GrabAGun and Colombier II. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties,
including the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances that could give rise to the termination of the Merger Agreement;
the risk that the Business Combination disrupts current plans and operations as a result of the announcement and consummation of the transactions
described herein; the inability to recognize the anticipated benefits of the Business Combination; the inability of GrabAGun to maintain,
and GrabAGun Digital to obtain, as necessary, any permits necessary for the conduct of GrabAGuns business, including federal firearm
licenses issued pursuant to the Gun Control Act, 18 USC 921 et seq. and special occupational taxpayer stamps issued pursuant to the National
Firearms Act, 26 USC 5849 et seq.; the disqualification, revocation or modification of the status of those persons designated by GrabAGun
as Responsible Persons, as such term is defined in 18 U.S.C. 841(s); the ability to maintain the listing of Colombier IIs securities
on a national securities exchange; the ability to obtain or maintain the listing of GrabAGun Digitals securities on the NYSE following
the Business Combination; costs related to the Business Combination; changes in business, market, financial, political and legal conditions;
risks relating to GrabAGuns operations and business, including information technology and cybersecurity risks, and deterioration
in relationships between GrabAGun and its employees; GrabAGuns ability to successfully collaborate with business partners; demand
for GrabAGuns current and future offerings; risks that orders that have been placed for GrabAGuns products are cancelled
or modified; risks related to increased competition; risks that GrabAGun is unable to secure or protect its intellectual property; risks
of product liability or regulatory lawsuits relating to GrabAGuns products; risks that the post-combination company experiences
difficulties managing its growth and expanding operations; the risk that the Business Combination may not be completed in a timely manner,
or at all, which may adversely affect the price of Colombier IIs securities; the risk that the Business Combination may not be
completed by Colombier IIs business combination deadline and the potential failure to obtain an extension of the business combination
deadline if sought by Colombier II; the failure to satisfy the conditions to the consummation of the Business Combination; the outcome
of any legal proceedings that may be instituted against GrabAGun, Colombier II, GrabAGun Digital or others with respect to the proposed
Business Combination and transactions contemplated thereby; the ability of GrabAGun to execute its business model; and those risk factors
discussed in documents of GrabAGun Digital and Colombier II filed, or to be filed, with the SEC. If any of these risks materialize or
our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results could differ materially from the results implied by these forward-looking statements.
There may be additional risks that neither Colombier II nor GrabAGun presently know or that Colombier II and GrabAGun currently believe
are immaterial that could also cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements. In addition, forward-looking
statements reflect Colombier IIs, GrabAGun Digitals and GrabAGuns expectations, plans or forecasts of future events
and views as of the date of this press release. Colombier II, GrabAGun Digital and GrabAGun anticipate that subsequent events and developments
will cause Colombier IIs, GrabAGun Digitals and GrabAGuns assessments to change. However, while Colombier II, GrabAGun
Digital and GrabAGun may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, Colombier II, GrabAGun Digital
and GrabAGun specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. Readers are referred to the most recent reports filed with the SEC by Colombier
II. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance upon any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made, and we
undertake no obligation to update or revise the forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise,
except as required by U.S. federal securities law.

Contacts: 

Investors & Media

CLBR@icrinc.com

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex99-1_002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex99-1_003.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex99-1_004.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ex99-1_005.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ex99-1_006.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>ex99-1_007.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>ex99-1_008.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>ex99-1_009.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>ex99-1_010.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>ex99-1_011.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>ex99-1_012.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>ex99-1_013.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>ex99-1_014.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>ex99-1_015.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>ex99-1_016.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>ex99-1_017.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>ex99-1_018.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>ex99-1_019.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>ex99-1_020.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>ex99-1_021.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>ex99-1_022.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>ex99-1_023.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>ex99-1_024.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>ex99-1_025.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>29
<FILENAME>ex99-1_026.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>ex99-2_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>31
<FILENAME>ex99-2_002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>32
<FILENAME>clbr-20250324.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>33
<FILENAME>clbr-20250324_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>34
<FILENAME>clbr-20250324_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant 

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>35
<FILENAME>clbr-20250324_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>37
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 24, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 24, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41874

Entity Registrant Name COLOMBIER ACQUISITION CORP. II

Entity Central Index Key 0001995413

Entity Tax Identification Number 98-1753949

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code E9

Entity Address, Address Line One 214 Brazilian Avenue

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 200-J

Entity Address, City or Town Palm Beach

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 33480

City Area Code 561

Local Phone Number 805-3588

Written Communications true

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant 

Title of 12(b) Security Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant

Trading Symbol CLBR.U

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol CLBR

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share

Trading Symbol CLBR.WS

Security Exchange Name NYSE

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=CLBR_UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShareAndOnethirdOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=CLBR_ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=CLBR_WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneClassOrdinaryShareAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>38
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>39
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>40
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>42
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
4 
24 
1 
false 
3 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://colombierspac.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

clbr-20250324.xsd 
clbr-20250324_def.xml 
clbr-20250324_lab.xml 
clbr-20250324_pre.xml 
ea0235331-8k425_colombier2.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>44
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>45
<FILENAME>0001013762-25-001247-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>46
<FILENAME>ea0235331-8k425_colombier2_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001995413 

2025-03-24 
2025-03-24 

0001995413 

CLBR:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShareAndOnethirdOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember 

2025-03-24 
2025-03-24 

0001995413 

CLBR:ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2025-03-24 
2025-03-24 

0001995413 

CLBR:WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneClassOrdinaryShareAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember 

2025-03-24 
2025-03-24 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001995413 
8-K 
2025-03-24 
COLOMBIER ACQUISITION CORP. II 
E9 
001-41874 
98-1753949 
214 Brazilian Avenue 
Suite 200-J 
Palm Beach 
FL 
33480 
561 
805-3588 
true 
false 
false 
false 
Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant 
CLBR.U 
NYSE 
Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 
CLBR 
NYSE 
Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 
CLBR.WS 
NYSE 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>