<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-020184.txt : 20250304
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-020184.hdr.sgml : 20250304
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250304160938
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-020184
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		20
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241211
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250304
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250304

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Spectral AI, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001833498
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40058
		FILM NUMBER:		25704376

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2515 MCKINNEY AVE #1000
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75201
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 492-3000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2515 MCKINNEY AVE #1000
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75201

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Rosecliff Acquisition Corp I
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20201123
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea023265303-8k_spectral.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000183349800018334982024-12-112024-12-110001833498MDAI:CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember2024-12-112024-12-110001833498MDAI:RedeemableWarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember2024-12-112024-12-11iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
December 11, 2024

SPECTRAL AI, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-40058 85-3987148

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

2515 McKinney Avenue, Suite 1000

Dallas, Texas 75201

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(972) 499-4934

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communication pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencements communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbols Name of each exchange on 

which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share MDAI The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Redeemable Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Common Stock, at an exercise price of $11.50 per share MDAIW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Securities Purchase Agreement

On December 6, 2024, Spectral AI, Inc. (the Company)
entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement) with certain investors in the United Kingdom
(the Investors) for the sale of 270,900 shares (the Shares) of our common stock, par value $0.0001
per share (Common Stock), at an offering price of $1.66 per Share (such transaction, the Offering).

The sale and issuance of the Shares is being made pursuant to the Companys
registration statement on Form S-3 (file number 333-282681) (the Registration Statement), filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the SEC) on October 16, 2024 and declared effective on October 31, 2024, and the Companys prospectus
supplement relating to the Offering, which was filed with the SEC on December 9, 2024, that forms part of the Registration Statement.

The Purchase Agreement contains customary representations, warranties
and agreements by us and customary conditions to closing. Under the Purchase Agreement, subject to certain exceptions, the Investors have
an option (the Option) to purchase additional shares of Common Stock (Additional Shares) up to the lesser
of (i) $5,000,000 in aggregate proceeds or (ii) the remaining available capacity based on one-third of our public float pursuant to General
Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3 (such amount, the Commitment Amount). In the event the Option is exercised, the price of any
Additional Shares sold shall be the lesser of (x) the closing price of our Common Stock on the previous trading day or (y) the 5-day volume-weighted
average price of our Common Stock.

Placement Agent Agreement

On November 11, 2024, the Company also entered into a placement agent
agreement (the Placement Agent Agreement) with SP Angel Corporate Finance LLP (the Placement Agent),
pursuant to which the Placement Agent agreed to act as our exclusive Placement Agent in connection with the Offering. The Placement
Agent is not purchasing or selling any securities, nor is it required to arrange the purchase or sale of any specific number or dollar
amount of the Shares, but agreed to use its reasonable best efforts to arrange for the sale of all of the Shares offered
in the Offering.

The aggregate gross proceeds to the Company from the issuance and sale
of the Shares in the offering was $449,694, before deducting the Placement Agents fees and expenses, and other offering expenses
payable by the Company. The closing of the Offering occurred on December 11, 2024. The Company currently intends to use the net proceeds
from the Offering for working capital and general corporate purposes.

The Company agreed to pay the Placement Agent a cash fee of 7.00% of the
aggregate gross proceeds of from the sale of the Shares in the offering. The Company also agreed to reimburse the Placement Agent for
certain expenses incurred in connection with the Offering, including its reasonable fees and expenses of legal counsel.

Pursuant to the Placement Agent Agreement, the
Company agreed to indemnify the Placement Agent against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act, and to contribute
to payments the Placement Agent may be required to make in respect thereof.

A copy of the legal opinion of Reed Smith LLP, relating to the validity
of the Shares in connection with the Offering is filed as Exhibit 5.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by
reference.

1

This Current Report on Form 8-K shall not constitute
an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy securities, nor shall there be any offer, solicitation or sale of securities in
any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the
securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction.

The foregoing descriptions of the Purchase Agreement and the Placement
Agent Agreement do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to such documents (or forms thereof), which
are filed as Exhibit 10.1 and 10.2, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated herein by reference.

This report contains forward-looking statements
within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Such forward-looking statements may include statements related
to the completion of the registered direct offering, the satisfaction of customary closing conditions related to the registered direct
offering, the intended use of proceeds from the registered direct offering and other statements that are not statements of historical
fact and, in some cases, may be identified by words like anticipate, assume, believe, continue,
could, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, potential,
predict, project, future, will, should, would, seek
and similar terms or phrases. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are based on management's current expectations,
which are subject to uncertainty, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of the
Company's control. Important factors that could cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking
statements are more fully discussed in the Company's periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC),
including the risk factors described under the heading Risk Factors in the Company's annual report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the SEC on March 29, 2024, and other documents subsequently filed with or furnished to the SEC.

Any forward-looking statement made in this Current
Report on Form 8-K speaks only as of the date hereof. Factors or events that could cause the Company's actual results to differ from the
statements contained herein may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for the Company to predict all of them. Except as required
by law, the Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information,
future developments or otherwise.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit Number Exhibit Description

5.1 Opinion of Reed Smith LLP.

10.1 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated December 6, 2024.

10.2 Placement Agent Agreement, dated November 11, 2024, by and between Spectral AI, Inc. and SP Angel Corporate Finance LLP.

23.1 Consent of Reed Smith LLP (contained in Exhibit 5.1).

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL).

2

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated: March 4, 2025

SPECTRAL AI, INC.

By: /s/ Vincent S. Capone

Name: Vincent S. Capone

Title: 

Chief Financial Officer and General Counsel

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023265303ex5-1_spectral.htm
<DESCRIPTION>OPINION OF REED SMITH LLP
<TEXT>
Exhibit 5.1

Reed Smith LLP

599 Lexington Avenue

New York, NY 10022-7650

+1 212 521 5400

Fax +1 212 521 5450

reedsmith.com

March 4, 2025

Spectral AI, Inc.

2515 McKinney Avenue, Suite 1000

Dallas, Texas 75201

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We have acted as special counsel to Spectral AI,
Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), in connection with the offer and sale by the Company of 270,900 shares
(the Shares) of the Companys Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, pursuant to that certain Subscription
Agreement dated December 6, 2024 (the Subscription Agreement) by and between the Company and certain investors party
thereto.

The Shares were offered and sold pursuant to the
Companys shelf-registration statement on Form S-3 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act),
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) on October 16, 2024 (Registration No. 333-282681)
(the Registration Statement), a base prospectus dated October 31, 2024 (the Base Prospectus)
and the prospectus supplements dated November 18, 2024 and December 9, 2024, filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the
Act (together with the Base Prospectus, the Prospectus).

This opinion letter is being furnished in accordance
with the requirements of Item 601(b)(5) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act.

We have reviewed originals or copies of (a) the
Registration Statement, (b) the Prospectus, (c) an executed copy of the Subscription Agreement, (d) the certificate of incorporation and
bylaws of the Company, as amended through the date hereof, and (e) certain resolutions of the board of directors of the Company or committees
thereof. We have also examined originals or copies, certified or otherwise identified to our satisfaction, of such documents, corporate
records, certificates of public officials and other instruments as we have deemed necessary or advisable as a basis for the opinion set
forth below.

In rendering the opinion set forth below, we have
assumed the genuineness of all signatures, the legal capacity of natural persons, the authenticity of all items submitted to us as originals,
the conformity with originals of all items submitted to us as copies, and the authenticity of the originals of such copies. As to any
facts material to the opinions expressed herein, we have relied upon statements and representations of officers and other representatives
of the Company and public officials. We have also assumed, with respect to the issuance of the Shares, the amount of valid consideration
paid in respect of such Shares will equal or exceed the par value of such Shares. We have not independently established the validity of
the foregoing assumptions.

This opinion letter is limited to the federal
laws of the United States of America, the laws of the State of New York and the Delaware General Corporation Law. We express no opinion,
and make no statement, as to the laws, rules, or regulations of any other jurisdiction or as to the municipal laws or the laws, rules,
or regulations of any local agencies or governmental authorities of or within the State of Delaware and New York, or as to any matters
arising thereunder or relating thereto. We do not find it necessary for the purposes of this opinion letter to cover, and accordingly
we express no opinion as to, the application of the securities or blue-sky laws of the various states to sales of the Shares.

Spectral AI, Inc.

March 4, 2025

Page 2

Based on, and subject to the foregoing and the
other limitations, qualifications, exceptions and assumptions set forth herein, we are of the opinion that the Shares were duly authorized
and, when issued and delivered by the Company pursuant to the provisions of the Subscription Agreement against payment of the requisite
consideration therefor, were validly issued, fully paid, and non-assessable.

The opinions set forth herein are given as of
the date hereof, and we undertake no obligation to update or supplement this opinion letter if any applicable law changes after the date
hereof or if we become aware of any fact or other circumstances that changes or may change our opinion set forth herein after the date
hereof or for any other reason.

We consent
to the inclusion of this opinion letter as an exhibit to the Registration Statement and further consent to all references to us under
the caption Legal Matters in the Prospectus and to the filing of this opinion as an exhibit to the Companys Current
Report on Form 8-K, dated March 4, 2025. In giving this consent, we do not admit that we are in the category of persons whose consent
is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act or the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder.

Very truly yours,

/s/ Reed Smith LLP

REED SMITH LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023265303ex10-1_spectral.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT, DATED DECEMBER 6, 2024
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT

This Subscription
Agreement (this Agreement) is dated as of December 6, 2024, between Spectral AI, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
Company), and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto (each, including its successors and assigns,
a Purchaser and collectively the Purchasers).

WHEREAS, subject
to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act (as
defined below) as to the Shares, the Company desires to issue and sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser, severally and not jointly,
desires to purchase from the Company, securities of the Company as more fully described in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE,
IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt and adequacy
of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows:

ARTICLE I.

DEFINITIONS

1.1 Definitions.
In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings
set forth in this Section 1.1:

Affiliate
means with respect to any Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled
by or is under common control with such Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Base
Prospectus means the prospectus included in the Registration Statement at the time it became effective, including documents
incorporated therein by reference.

Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall
have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1(a).

Board of Directors means the board of
directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized
or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee
or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority
so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York are generally
open for use by customers on such day.

Closing means the closing of the purchase
and sale of the Securities pursuant to Section 2.1.

Closing
Date means the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties
thereto, and all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers obligations to pay the Subscription Amount and (ii) the Companys
obligations to deliver the Securities, in each case, have been satisfied or waived, but in no event later than the second (2nd) Trading
Day following the date hereof.

Code means
the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

Commission means the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission.

Common Stock means
the common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such securities may hereafter
be reclassified or changed.

DVP shall have the meaning ascribed to
such term in Section 2.1(a).

DWAC shall
have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.2(a).

Lien means a lien,
charge, mortgage, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

Material Adverse Effect shall have the
meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(b).

Offering means the offering of the Securities
hereunder.

Per
Share Purchase Price equals $1.66, subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations
and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Placement Agent means Northland Capital
Markets.

Pre-Funded
Warrant Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants.

Pre-Funded
Warrants means, collectively, the Pre-Funded Common Stock purchase warrants delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing in accordance
with Section 2.2(a) hereof, which Pre-Funded Warrants shall be exercisable immediately and shall expire when exercised in full, in the
form of Exhibit A attached hereto.

Pre-Settlement Period shall have the
meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1(b).

Pre-Settlement Securities shall have
the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1(b).

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

Prospectus
means the Prospectus Supplement together with the Base Prospectus, including all documents incorporated therein by reference.

Prospectus
Supplement means the prospectus supplement to the Base Prospectus complying with Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act that is
filed with the Commission prior to the Closing.

Registration
Statement means the registration statement prepared by the Company on Form S-3 (File No. 333-282681) and filed with the Commission
on October 14, 2024 as amended as of the date hereof.

SEC Reports
shall mean the Companys filings prior to the date hereof.

- 2 -

Securities means the Shares, the Pre-Funded
Warrants and the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Shares
means the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to each Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement.

Subscription
Amount means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for the Shares and the Warrants purchased hereunder as
specified below such Purchasers name on the signature page of this Agreement and next to the heading Subscription Amount,
in United States dollars and in immediately available funds.

Trading Day means a day on which the
Companys Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means The Nasdaq Capital Market (or any nationally recognized successor thereto); provided, however, that in the event
the Companys Common Stock is ever listed or traded on The Nasdaq Global Market, The Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock
Exchange, the NYSE American, the NYSE Arca, the OTC Bulletin Board, or the OTCQX or the OTCQB operated by the OTC Markets Group, Inc.
(or any nationally recognized successor to any of the foregoing), then the Trading Market shall mean such other market or
exchange on which the Companys Common Stock is then listed or traded.

Transaction
Documents means this Agreement, the Pre-Funded Warrants and all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto, and any other documents
or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Transfer Agent means Continental Transfer
and Trust Company.

Warrants means the Pre-Funded Warrants.

ARTICLE II.

PURCHASE AND SALE

2.1 Closing

(a) On the Closing
Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchasers, severally and
not jointly, agree to purchase, up to an aggregate of approximately $5.0 million of Shares and Pre-Funded Warrants; provided, however,
that, to the extent that a Purchaser determines, in its sole discretion, that such Purchaser (together with such Purchasers
Affiliates, and any Person acting as a group together with such purchaser or any of such Purchasers Affiliates) would
beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, or as such Purchaser may otherwise choose, in lieu of purchasing
Shares such Purchaser may elect to purchase Pre- Funded Warrants in lieu of Shares in such manner to result in the same aggregate
purchase price being paid by such Purchaser to the Company. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99%
(or, at the election of the applicable Purchaser at Closing, 9.99%) of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding
immediately after giving effect to the issuance of the Securities on the Closing Date. In each case, the election to receive
Pre-Funded Warrants is solely at the option of the Purchaser. The Company shall deliver to each Purchaser its respective Shares and
Pre-Funded Warrants, and the Company and each Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at the
Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the Closing shall take place remotely
by electronic transfer of the Closing documentation. Unless otherwise directed by the Placement Agent, settlement of the Shares
shall occur on the Closing Date, the Company shall issue the Shares registered in the Purchasers names and addresses and
released by the Transfer Agent directly to the account(s) of each Purchaser; upon receipt of such Shares, the Placement Agent shall
promptly electronically deliver such Shares to the applicable Purchaser, and payment therefor shall be made by the Placement Agent
(or its clearing firm) by wire transfer via the Companys wire instructions as set forth in Exhibit B hereto.

- 3 -

(b) Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, if at any time on or after the time of execution of this Agreement by the Company and an applicable Purchaser,
through and including the time immediately prior to the Closing (the Pre-Settlement Period), such Purchaser sells
to any Person all, or any portion, of the Securities to be issued hereunder to such Purchaser at the Closing (collectively, the Pre-Settlement
Securities), such Purchaser shall, automatically hereunder (without any additional required actions by such Purchaser or the
Company), be deemed to be unconditionally bound to purchase, and the Company shall be deemed unconditionally bound to sell, such Pre-Settlement
Securities to such Purchaser at the Closing; provided, that the Company shall not be required to deliver any Pre-Settlement Securities
to such Purchaser prior to the Companys receipt of the purchase price of such Pre-Settlement Securities hereunder; and provided
further that the Company hereby acknowledges and agrees that the foregoing shall not constitute a representation or covenant by such Purchaser
as to whether or not during the Pre-Settlement Period such Purchaser shall sell any shares of Common Stock to any Person and that any
such decision to sell any shares of Common Stock by such Purchaser shall solely be made at the time such Purchaser elects to effect any
such sale, if any.

2.2 Deliveries

(a) On
or prior to the Closing Date (except as indicated below), the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser the following:

(i) this Agreement duly executed by the Company;

(ii) for
each Purchaser of Pre-Funded Warrants pursuant to Section 2.1, a Pre- Funded Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase
up to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the portion of such Purchasers Subscription Amount applicable to Pre-Funded Warrant
divided by the Per Share Purchase Price minus $0.001, with an exercise price equal to $0.001, subject to adjustment therein; and

(iii) the Prospectus Supplement.

(b) On
or prior to the Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company the following:

(i) this Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser;

(ii) the acknowledgment and undertaking in the form of Exhibit A hereto; and

(iii) such
Purchasers Subscription Amount, which shall be made available for DVP or DWAC settlement with the Company or its designee.

2.3 Closing Conditions

(a) The
obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the
accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality, in all respects) on the
Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein in which case
they shall be accurate in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material
Adverse Effect, in all respects) as of such date);

- 4 -

(ii) all
obligations, covenants and agreements of each Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;
and

(iii) the delivery by each Purchaser of the
items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.

(b) The
respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the
accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect,
in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless as of
a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties
are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) as of such date);

(ii) all
obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;

(iii) the delivery by the Company of the items
set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement;

(iv) there shall have been no Material Adverse
Effect with respect to the Company; and

ARTICLE III.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

3.1 Representations
and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, the Company hereby makes the following representations and
warranties to each Purchaser:

(a) Organization
and Qualification. The Company is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing and in good standing (if applicable
in such jurisdiction) under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and authority
to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted.

(b) Authorization;
Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and
thereunder. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which the Company is a party has been (or upon delivery will have
been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will constitute the valid
and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by general
equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application
affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific
performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be
limited by applicable law.

- 5 -

(c) Issuance of the Securities; Qualification; Registration

(i) The
Shares and Common Warrant Shares are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable Transaction Documents,
will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company. The Pre-Funded Warrants are
duly authorized and upon issuance will be binding obligations of the Company under the law of the jurisdiction governing the Pre-Funded
Warrants, and when issued in accordance with this Agreement, will be validly issued, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company.
The Company has reserved from its duly authorized capital stock the maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to this
Agreement and the Pre-Funded Warrants.

(ii) The
Company is eligible to use Form S-3 under the Securities Act and meets the transaction requirements with respect to the aggregate market
value of securities being sold pursuant to this offering and during the twelve (12) months prior to this Offering, as set forth in General
Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3. The Shares and the Pre-Funded Warrants are being registered by the Company under the Securities Act. Upon
receipt of the Shares and the Pre-Funded Warrants, the Purchaser will have good and marketable title to such Shares and Pre-Funded Warrants
and such Shares and Pre- Funded Warrants will be immediately freely tradable.

(d) Securities
Act Compliance. At the time the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto became effective, at the date of this Agreement
and at the Closing Date, the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto conformed and will conform in all material respects to
the requirements of the Securities Act and did not and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. The Prospectus and any amendments or supplements
thereto, at the time the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto was issued and at the Closing Date, conformed and will conform
in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and did not and will not contain an untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading.

(e) Title
to Assets. The Company has good and marketable title in all assets material to the business of the Company, in each case free and
clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially interfere with the
use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens for the payment of federal, state
or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and, the payment of which is neither delinquent
nor subject to penalties.

(f) Acknowledgement
Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each of the Purchasers is acting solely
in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby.
The Company further acknowledges that no Purchaser is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity)
with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by any Purchaser or any of their
respective representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby is merely
incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to each Purchaser that the Companys
decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the transactions
contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.

- 6 -

(g) No
General Solicitation. Neither the Company nor any Person acting on behalf of the Company has offered or sold any of the Securities
by any form of general solicitation or general advertising. The Company has offered the Securities for sale only to each Purchaser as
an accredited investor within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Securities Act.

3.2 Representations
and Warranties of the Purchasers. Each Purchaser, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and warrants as of the
date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case they shall be accurate
as of such date):

(a) Organization;
Authority. Such Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and in good standing
under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited liability company
or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and otherwise
to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance by such
Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership,
limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to which it is a
party has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof, will
constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except: (i)
as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general
application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally; (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific
performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies; and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited
by Applicable Law.

(b) Purchaser
Status. At the time such Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, and on each date on which
it exercises any Pre-Funded Warrants it will be either: (i) an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2),
(a)(3), (a)(7) or (a)(8) under the Securities Act or (ii) a qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule 144A(a) under
the Securities Act.

(c) Experience
of Such Purchaser. Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and experience
in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the Securities,
and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the
Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

(d) Access to
Information. Such Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (including all
exhibits and schedules thereto including the Disclosure Schedules) and the SEC Reports and has been afforded: (i) the opportunity to
ask such questions as it has deemed necessary of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms
and conditions of the offering of the Securities and the merits and risks of investing in the Securities; (ii) access to information
about the Company and its financial condition, results of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to
enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the opportunity to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or
can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that is necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the
investment. Such Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that neither the Placement Agent, nor any Affiliate of the Placement Agent, has
provided such Purchaser with any information or advice with respect to the Securities nor is such information or advice necessary or
desired. Neither the Placement Agent nor any of its Affiliates has made or makes any representation as to the Company or the quality
of the Securities and the Placement Agent and any Affiliate may have acquired non-public information with respect to the Company
which such Purchaser agrees need not be provided to it. In connection with the issuance of the Securities to such Purchaser, neither
the Placement Agent, nor any of its Affiliates has acted as a financial advisor or fiduciary to such Purchaser.

- 7 -

(e) General
Solicitation. Such Purchaser is not purchasing the Securities as a result of any advertisement, article, notice or other communication
regarding the Securities published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or presented at any
seminar or, to the knowledge of such Purchaser, any other general solicitation or general advertisement.

The Company
acknowledges and agrees that the representations contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect such Purchasers
right to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties
contained in any other Transaction Document or any other document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement
or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained
herein shall constitute a representation or warranty.

ARTICLE IV.

MISCELLANEOUS

4.1 MFN
Provision. The Company covenants and agrees that it shall provide the Purchaser with the rights set forth in Section 4.2 of that certain
Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of December 6, 2024, by and between the Company and the purchaser(s) thereunder.

4.2 Termination.
This Agreement may be terminated by (a) any Purchaser, as to such Purchasers obligations hereunder only and without any effect
whatsoever on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties or (b) by the Company
by written notice to the Purchasers, if. in either case, the Closing has not been consummated on or before the fifth (5th) Trading Day
following the date hereof; provided, however, that no such termination will affect the right of any party to sue for any
breach by any other party (or parties).

4.3 Entire
Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, the Prospectus Supplement, contain the entire
understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings,
oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules.

4.4 Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall
be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile
at the facsimile number or email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30
p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is
delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached
hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd)Trading
Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party
to whom such notice is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages
attached hereto. To the extent that any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public
information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously disclose such information in accordance with applicable
law and file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.

- 8 -

4.5 Amendments;
Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in
the case of an amendment, by the Company and each such Purchaser. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or
requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver
of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder
in any manner impair the exercise of any such right.

4.6 Headings.
The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any
of the provisions hereof.

4.7 Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns.
The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Purchaser (other
than to the surviving corporation with or into which the Company or permitted assignee may merge or consolidate or an entity to which
the Company or assignee transfers all, or substantially all, of its business and assets). Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights
under this Agreement to any Person to whom such Purchaser assigns or transfers any Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in
writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred Securities, by the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchasers.

4.8 No
Third-Party Beneficiaries. The Placement Agent shall be the third-party beneficiary of the representations and warranties of the Company
in Section 3.1 and the representations and warranties of the Purchasers in Section 3.2. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of
the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be
enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in this Section 4.7.

4.9 Governing
Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be governed
by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts
of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates,
directors, officers, stockholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts
sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting
in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction
contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably
waives, and agrees not to assert in any action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such
court, that such action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such Proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives
personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered
or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this
Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof.

4.10 Execution.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same
agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being
understood that the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile
transmission or by e-mail delivery of a .pdf format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding
obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such
facsimile or .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

- 9 -

4.11 Severability.
If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal,
void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force
and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts
to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision,
covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining
terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

4.12 Independent
Nature of Purchasers Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document are several and
not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance or non-performance
of the obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other Transaction Document,
and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as a partnership, an association,
a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way acting in concert or as a group
with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

4.13 Construction.
The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the Transaction Documents
and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall
not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each and every reference to
share prices and Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends,
stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement.

4.14 WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY
AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY UNDER THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS, THE PARTIES EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED
BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY.

[Signature Pages Follow]

- 10 -

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first
indicated above.

SPECTRAL AI, INC. 

By: 

Name: J. Michael DiMaio, MD 

Title: Chairman of the Board 

[Signature Page to Subscription Agreement]

Exhibit A

Form of Pre-Funded Warrant

(See attached)

Exhibit
B

Company Wire Instructions
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea023265303ex10-2_spectral.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PLACEMENT AGENT AGREEMENT, DATED NOVEMBER 11, 2024, BY AND BETWEEN SPECTRAL AI, INC. AND SP ANGEL CORPORATE FINANCE LLP
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

SP Angel
Corporate Finance LLP

Prince Frederick House 

35 - 39 Maddox Street 

London W1S 2PP

T: +44 20 3470 0470

F: +44 20 7493 0250

www.spangel.co.uk

The Directors 

Spectral AI, Inc.

2515 McKinney Avenue, Suite 1000

Dallas, TX 75201

United States of America

For the attention of: Vince Capone, Chief Financial Officer
and General Counsel

8 November 2024

CONFIDENTIAL

Dear Directors,

1. Purpose

We are writing to confirm the
terms on which SP Angel Corporate Finance LLP (SP Angel, we or us) has agreed with Spectral
AI, Inc (the Company) to act as UK Broker in connection with the UK element of a proposed placing for cash of new common
stock in the Company with a gross value of approximately US$5million before expenses (or such other amount as the Company and SP Angel
may agree) at a price per share to be determined by the Board of the Company (Fundraising).

2. Terms and Conditions

The appointment of SP Angel in
connection with the Fundraising is subject to the terms and conditions set out in Schedules 1 and 2 and the indemnity set out in Schedule
4 of the broker engagement letter entered into by the Company and SP Angel on 3 October 2023 (Engagement Letter). Terms
defined in Schedule 3 of the Engagement Letter shall, save where the context requires, apply throughout this letter.

3. Role in relation to the Fundraising

3.1 In connection with the Fundraising SP Angel shall:

3.1.1 assist in the project management of the UK element of the Fundraising, including
but not limited to advising on the format and content of any presentations to be made to potential UK investors;

3.1.2 as required, liaise and co-ordinate with the Companys corporate lawyers,
registrars and other advisers in connection with the mechanics of completing the Fundraising;

3.1.3 plan and co-ordinate a UK marketing programme, should this be required, (to include
a road show designed to introduce potential institutional and other investors to the Company) and presentations, by you, to institutional investors
(preceded, where appropriate, by rehearsals and presentation training for Directors involved in the presentations); and

3.1.4 use reasonable endeavours to secure placees for the shares to be issued by the
Company pursuant to the Fundraising (for the avoidance of doubt nothing in this letter shall constitute a commitment or undertaking by
SP Angel to enter into a placing agreement or otherwise to procure subscribers for shares in the Company).

SP Angel Corporate Finance LLP, company
number OC317049, is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and is a member of the London Stock Exchange

4. Matters outside the Engagement

4.1 The duties and responsibilities of SP Angel under the Engagement shall be limited
to those expressly set out in this letter and for the avoidance of doubt shall not include SP Angel:

4.1.1 giving tax, legal, accountancy, actuarial or, other than as expressly set out
in this letter, other specialist or technical advice or services;

4.1.2 carrying out any due diligence in relation to any aspect of the Fundraising;

4.1.3 giving advice on any aspects relating to regulatory requirements in or outside
the United Kingdom; or

4.1.4 providing services as receiving bankers or registrars.

4.2 In giving any advice SP Angel will give such advice in what it considers to be
in the best interests of the Company in the light of the circumstances prevailing at the time any advice is given. Accordingly, such advice
may be subject to change. SP Angel gives no representation or warranty that it is possible or advisable for any transaction to proceed.

5. Fees, Expenses and Payment Terms

5.1 In consideration of our agreeing to provide the Company with such of the advice
and services set out in this Letter with regards to the Fundraising, the Company agrees to pay to SP Angel, , the following fees:

5.1.1 An initial fee in connection with the preparation and structuring of the UK elements
of the Fundraising of 10,000 payable
upon signing of this Engagement Letter (Initial Fee);

5.1.2 a cash commission of 7 per cent. of the gross funds raised from investors procured
by SP Angel immediately upon completion of the Fundraising, as evidenced by the commencement of trading in the new stock issued on NASDAQ;

5.1.3 a discretionary corporate finance success fee of 10,000 (Discretionary
Fee) payable at the Companys sole discretion immediately upon completion of the Fundraising, as evidenced by the commencement
of trading in the new stock issued on NASDAQ; and

5.1.4 the Company will reimburse the reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by SP
Angel in relation to the Fundraising, including any settlement fees and any legal fees incurred by SP Angel in connection with a placing
agreement, subject to any expenditure in excess of 1,000 (plus VAT if applicable) being approved in writing by the Company prior
to being incurred.

5.2 Subject to the approval by the Company of a funds flow statement, it is hereby
agreed that the proceeds of the Fundraising as settled by SP Angel or its agent (should the Fundraising proceed) may be transferred to
the Company net of the commission, fees and expenses set out in this paragraph 5, and any outstanding payments due under the terms of
the Engagement Letter.

2

6. Additional Terms and Conditions

6.1 SP Angel is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA)
and the Company acknowledges that all services provided by SP Angel under this Letter are subject to the FCA Rules. In providing its services,
SP Angel is continuing to treat the Company as a retail client as defined in the FCA Rules and as previously notified in the Engagement
Letter.

6.2 SP Angel aims to offer the Company an efficient and effective service but is required
by the FCA Rules to inform the Company that, if the Company should feel unhappy with any aspect of the service it receives from SP Angel,
the Company should not hesitate to contact SP Angels Compliance Officer, Tim Jenkins.

6.3 This Letter shall not oblige SP Angel to sell, acquire, underwrite or sub-underwrite
any investments, or to provide any form of financing in connection with the Fundraising or otherwise, unless and until it is expressly
agreed otherwise in writing. Any such agreement to do so would depend upon separate internal and other approvals, agreement of relevant
terms and conditions and the execution of separate documentation.

6.4 SP Angel shall initially be appointed Placing Agent in connection with the Fundraising
for a period of one month, after which the Company or SP Angel may terminate SP Angels appointment under this agreement by giving
not less than 5 business days prior written notice. Any such termination will not affect any legal rights or obligations which may have
already accrued nor will it affect the provisions of paragraphs 2, 4 and 6 of this letter.

6.5 In the event that SP Angels appointment in connection with the Fundraising
is terminated pursuant to paragraph 6.4 of this letter and within 180 days of any such termination a transaction of similar effect occurs
the Company shall pay to SP Angel the fees (and commissions) set out in paragraph 5 of this letter. For these purposes a transaction
of similar effect shall include, without limitation, the sale of the share capital (or any part thereof) of the Company (or any
successor vehicle or entity to the Company), the sale of a substantial part of the assets or undertaking of the Company or an investment
or subscription for new securities or equity in the Company (or any successor vehicle or entity to the Company) by investors introduced
by SP Angel pursuant to this engagement.

6.6 SP Angel may require the Company to enter into a placing agreement pursuant to
the Fundraising. In the event that no placing agreement is entered into the Company hereby agrees to give the warranties in Appendix One
attached to this engagement.

7. Governing Law and Jurisdiction

7.1 This Letter shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law and
any claims or disputes arising out of, or in connection with, this Letter shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English
Courts.

7.2 Please sign and return the attached copy of this Letter to confirm your agreement to its terms.

3

Yours faithfully,

for and on behalf of S. P. Angel Corporate
Finance LLP

Stuart Gledhill,
Partner

Accepted by:

...............................................

J. Michael DiMaio

Director for and on behalf of Spectral AI, Inc

4

Appendix One - Warranties

1. All statements of fact contained in the investor presentation
to be used in connection with the Fundraising (Investor Presentation) are true and accurate in all material respects and
not misleading in any material respect and each expression of opinion, intention or expectation and all forecasts and estimates contained
in the Investor Presentation are made on reasonable grounds and truly and honestly held by the Directors and have been made after due
and careful consideration and enquiry;

2. All reasonable enquiries have been made to ascertain and verify
the accuracy of all statements of fact and the reasonableness of all other statements contained in the Investor Presentation;

3. To the knowledge of the Company, the Investor Presentation and
the issue of the new common stock as part of the Fundraising will insofar as applicable comply with the requirements of the Companies
Act 2006, the Market Abuse Regulation, the Listing Rules, the Financial Services and Markets Act and all other applicable laws, rules
and regulations;

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex5-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex10-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex10-2_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>mdai-20241211.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>mdai-20241211_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>mdai-20241211_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Redeemable Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Common Stock, at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>mdai-20241211_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Dec. 11, 2024

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Dec. 11, 2024

Entity File Number 001-40058

Entity Registrant Name SPECTRAL AI, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001833498

Entity Tax Identification Number 85-3987148

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 2515 McKinney Avenue

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 1000

Entity Address, City or Town Dallas

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 75201

City Area Code 972

Local Phone Number 499-4934

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol MDAI

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Redeemable Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Common Stock, at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Redeemable Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Common Stock, at an exercise price of $11.50 per share

Trading Symbol MDAIW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=MDAI_CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=MDAI_RedeemableWarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
3 
24 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://spectral-ai.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea023265303-8k_spectral.htm 
mdai-20241211.xsd 
mdai-20241211_def.xml 
mdai-20241211_lab.xml 
mdai-20241211_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-020184-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>ea023265303-8k_spectral_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001833498 

2024-12-11 
2024-12-11 

0001833498 

MDAI:CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2024-12-11 
2024-12-11 

0001833498 

MDAI:RedeemableWarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember 

2024-12-11 
2024-12-11 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001833498 
8-K 
2024-12-11 
SPECTRAL AI, INC. 
DE 
001-40058 
85-3987148 
2515 McKinney Avenue 
Suite 1000 
Dallas 
TX 
75201 
972 
499-4934 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
MDAI 
NASDAQ 
Redeemable Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Common Stock, at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 
MDAIW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>