<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-007217.txt : 20250218
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-007217.hdr.sgml : 20250218
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250218172946
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-007217
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		22
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250213
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250218
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250218

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Algorhythm Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000923601
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHONOGRAPH RECORDS & PRERECORDED AUDIO TAPES & DISKS [3652]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				953795478
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41405
		FILM NUMBER:		25636255

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6301 NW 5TH WAY, STE 2900
		CITY:			FORT LAUDERDALE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33309
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(954) 596-1000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6301 NW 5TH WAY, STE 2900
		CITY:			FORT LAUDERDALE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33309

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SINGING MACHINE CO INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19940523
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000092360100009236012025-02-132025-02-13iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 13, 2025

ALGORHYTHM
HOLDINGS, INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in charter)

Delaware 001-41405 95-3795478

(State
or other jurisdiction 

of incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (IRS
Employer 

Identification No.)

6301
NW 5th Way, Suite 2900

Fort
Lauderdale, FL33309

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(954)596-1000

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
stock, par value $0.01 per share RIME The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (The Nasdaq Capital Market)

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mart if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of
Certain Officers.

Departure
of Chief Financial Officer

Effective
February 13, 2025, Richard Perez was terminated as Chief Financial Officer of Algorhythm Holdings, Inc. (the Company).
Mr. Perezs termination as Chief Financial Officer was not the result of any disagreements with the Company regarding any matters
related to its operations, policies, practices, or otherwise.

Appointment
of Chief Financial Officer & General Counsel

On
February 13, 2025, the Board of Directors (the Board) of the Company appointed Alex Andre (age 50) as Chief Financial Officer
and General Counsel of the Company.

Mr.
Andre brings nearly 25 years of executive management, financial, legal and operational experience to the Company. He most recently served
as the Chief Financial Officer of Lemnature AquaFarms Corporation, a plant-based ingredients manufacturer for the food, beverage and
nutrition markets, from October 2022 to September 2023. Prior to that, Mr. Andre served as the Chief Financial Officer and General Counsel
of M.H. Enterprises, Inc., the owner and franchisor of the Teriyaki Madness restaurant brand, from March 2021 to September
2022. Before that, he served as the Chief Financial Officer of ARC Group, Inc., a national, multi-brand, multi-unit restaurant holding
company, from July 2019 to March 2021, and as its General Counsel from October 2019 to March 2021. Earlier in his career, Mr. Andre served
as an accountant for KPMG LLP before serving as a corporate & securities attorney for regional and international law firms.

In
connection with his appointment as Chief Financial Officer and General Counsel, on February 12, 2025, Mr. Andre entered into an employment
agreement with the Company (the Agreement) pursuant to which his employment with the Company would commence on February
13, 2025 (the Effective Date). Pursuant to the Agreement, the Company agreed to pay Mr. Andre an annual base salary of
$275,000, which shall automatically increase to $300,000 on the six-month anniversary of the Effective Date. The Agreement provides that
Mr. Andre will receive a non-qualified stock option to purchase 23,818 shares of the Companys common stock (the Option)
and a restricted stock award for 23,818 shares of the Companys common stock (the Restricted Stock Award) on February
13, 2025. The Option has a ten-year term, subject to any earlier termination following cessation of Mr. Andres service to the
Company, and an exercise price per share equal to the closing price of the Companys common stock as reported by the Nasdaq Capital
Market on February 13, 2025. The Restricted Stock Award and Option shall each vest over four years as follows: (a) twenty-five percent
(25%) of the shares underlying the Restricted Stock Award and Option shall vest on the first anniversary of the grant date; and (b) six
and one-quarter percent (6.25%) of the shares underlying the Restricted Stock Award and Option shall vest each quarter thereafter, subject
to Mr. Andres continued service with the Company through each applicable vesting date. The grant of the Option and Restricted
Stock Award are being made to Mr. Andre as an inducement material to him to accept employment with the Company and are being granted
outside of the Companys 2022 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, in accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(c)(4).

The
foregoing summary of the Agreement, Option and Restricted Stock Award do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety
by reference to the full text of the Agreement, Option and Restricted Stock Award, a copy of each of which is attached to this Current
Report on Form 8-K as Exhibits 10.1, 10.2 and 10.3, respectively, and incorporated herein by reference as if fully set forth herein.

There
are no arrangements or understandings between Mr. Andre and any other person pursuant to which he was appointed as Chief Financial Officer
and General Counsel of the Company. There are no family relationships between Mr. Andre and any director or executive officer of the
Company, and he has no direct or indirect material interest in any transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation
S-K.

Item
7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure.

A
copy of the press release issued by the Company, dated February 18, 2025, relating to Mr. Andres appointment as the Chief Financial
Officer and General Counsel of the Company is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 to this Form 8-K.

The
information under this Item 7.01 and the press release attached to this Form 8-K as Exhibit 99.1 shall be deemed to be furnished
and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act.

Item 9.01.
Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits

Exhibit

Number Description

10.1 Employment Agreement, dated February 12, 2025, between Algorhythm Holdings, Inc. and Alex Andre

10.2 Stock Option, dated February 13, 2025, issued by Algorhythm Holdings, Inc. to Alex Andre

10.3 Restricted Stock Award, dated February 13, 2025, issued by Algorhythm Holdings, Inc. to Alex Andre

99.1 Press Release of Algorhythm Holdings, Inc., dated February 18, 2025

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURE

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date:
February 18, 2025

ALGORHYTHM
HOLDINGS, INC.

By: /s/
Gary Atkinson 

Gary
Atkinson

Chief
Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

EMPLOYMENT
AGREEMENT

This
Employment Agreement (the Agreement) is made and entered into as of February 12, 2025, by and between Alex Andre
(the Executive) and Algorhythm Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and sets
forth the terms and conditions with respect to the Executives employment with the Company during the Term (as defined below).

WHEREAS,
the Company desires to employ the Executive on the terms and conditions set forth herein; and

WHEREAS,
the Executive desires to be employed by the Company on such terms and conditions.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants, promises, and obligations set forth herein, the parties agree as follows:

1.
Term.
The Executives term of employment under this Agreement (such term of employment, as it may be extended or terminated, is herein
referred to as the Employment Term) shall be for a term commencing on February 13, 2025 (the Effective Date)
and, unless terminated earlier as provided in Section 5 hereof, ending on the third anniversary of the Effective Date (the Original
Employment Term); provided that, on such third anniversary of the Effective Date and each annual anniversary thereafter (such
date and each annual anniversary thereof, a Renewal Date), the Agreement shall be deemed to be automatically extended,
upon the same terms and conditions, for successive periods of one year, unless either party provides written notice of its intention
not to extend the term of the Agreement at least ninety 90 days prior to the applicable Renewal Date. The period during which
the Executive is employed by the Company hereunder is hereinafter referred to as the Employment Term.

2.
Position and Duties.

2.1
Position. During the Employment Term, the Executive
shall serve as the Chief Financial Officer & General Counsel of the Company, reporting to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company.
In this capacity the Executive shall have such duties, authorities and responsibilities commensurate with the duties, authorities and
responsibilities of persons in similar capacities in similarly sized companies and such other duties and responsibilities as the Chief
Executive Officer shall designate that are consistent with the Executives position as Chief Financial Officer and General Counsel.

2.2
Duties. During the Employment Term, the Executive
shall devote substantially all of the Executives business time (excluding periods of vacation and other approved leaves of absence)
to the performance of the Executives duties hereunder and will not engage in any other business, profession, or occupation for
compensation or otherwise which would conflict or interfere with the performance of such services either directly or indirectly without
the prior written consent of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
Executive will be permitted to (a) with the prior written consent of the Board, act or serve as a director, trustee, committee member,
or principal of any type of business, civic, or charitable organization as long as such activities are disclosed in writing to the Companys
Board of Directors, and (b) purchase or own less than five percent (5%) of the publicly traded securities of any corporation; provided
that, such ownership represents a passive investment and that the Executive is not a controlling person of, or a member of a group that
controls, such corporation; provided further that, the activities described in clauses (a) and (b) do not interfere with the performance
of the Executives duties and responsibilities to the Company as provided hereunder, including, but not limited to, the obligations
set forth in Section 2 hereof.

3.
Place of Performance. The principal
place of Executives employment shall be the Companys principal executive office currently located in Fort Lauderdale, Florida;
provided that, the Executive may be required to travel on Company business during the Employment Term. The Executive may work remotely
from Executives primary residence so long as doing so does not interfere with the Executives responsibilities under this
Agreement; provided that, subject to any health or safety concerns related to the COVID-19 pandemic or other similar extraordinary circumstances,
the Executive shall be required to spend on average two (2) days per week in the office or such other number of days as may be determined
by the Chief Executive Officer.

4.
Compensation.

4.1
Base Salary. The Company shall pay the Executive
an annual base salary of $275,000, which shall automatically increase to $300,000 on the six-month anniversary of the Effective Date;
provided the Executive remains in employment with the Company. The annual base salary shall be paid in periodic installments in accordance
with the Companys customary payroll practices and applicable wage payment laws, but no less frequently than monthly. The Executives
base salary shall be reviewed at least annually by the Board (or a committee thereof) and the Board may, but shall not be required to,
increase the base salary during the Employment Term. However, the Executives base salary may not be decreased during the Employment
Term without the Executives consent. The Executives annual base salary, as in effect from time to time, is hereinafter
referred to as Base Salary.

4.2
Annual Bonus. For each fiscal year of the Employment Term,
the Executive shall be eligible to receive an annual bonus (the Annual Bonus) of up to thirty percent (30%) of the
Base Salary. The Compensation Committee of the Board, or if there is no such committee, the Board, will determine the terms of the Annual
Bonus, including the performance objectives if any, to be achieved. Any earned Annual Bonus will be paid within the period necessary
for compliance with Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(4). Except as otherwise provided in Section 5, the Executive must be employed
by the Company on the last day of the applicable fiscal year in order to be eligible to earn any part of the Annual Bonus.

2

4.3
Equity Awards. During the Employment Term, the Executive shall
be eligible to participate in the Companys 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan) or
any successor plan, subject to the terms of the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan or successor plan, as determined by the Board (or a committee
thereof) in its discretion. In addition, on the Effective Date, the Executive shall be granted the following equity awards under the
2022 Equity Incentive Plan:

(a)
A restricted stock award, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Restricted Stock Award),
for a total of 23,818 shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the Common Stock),
representing approximately one percent (1%) of the total shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding and calculated on a fully diluted
basis on the Effective Date, such shares to vest over a four (4)-year period in accordance with the following schedule: (i) twenty-five
percent (25%) of the shares on the first anniversary of the Effective Date; and (ii) the remaining shares in equal quarterly installments
over the remaining three (3) years of the vesting period; and

(b)
A stock option, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (the Stock Option), exercisable into
23,818 shares of Common Stock representing approximately one percent (1%) of the total shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding
and calculated on a fully diluted basis on the Effective Date, such stock option to be exercisable at an exercise price equal to the
closing price of the Common Stock on the Nasdaq Stock Market on the Effective Date and to vest over a four (4)-year period in accordance
with the following schedule: (i) twenty-five percent (25%) of the shares on the first anniversary of the Effective Date; and (ii) the
remaining shares in equal quarterly installments over the remaining three (3) years of the vesting period.

In
the event that the shares of Common Stock underlying the Restricted Stock Award and Stock Option have not been registered for sale by
the Executive under the Registration Statement on Form S-8, File Number 333-268106,
filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC)
on November 1, 2022 (the Registration Statement), the Company agrees that,
on or prior to the first anniversary of the Effective Date, it will amend the Registration Statement and take such other action as may
be necessary to register such shares of Common Stock for sale by the Executive under the Registration Statement or file an additional
registration statement on Form S-8 or other form of registration statement with the SEC and take such other action as may be necessary
to register such shares of Common Stock for sale by the Executive.

In
the event of a conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the Restricted Stock Award, Stock Option, 2022 Equity Incentive Plan,
or stock option grant notice issued in connection with the grant of the Stock Option (the Stock
Option Grant Notice), the terms of this Agreement shall control and supersede the conflicting
terms of the Restricted Stock Award, Stock Option, 2022 Equity Incentive Plan, and Stock Option Grant Notice.

3

4.4
Perquisites. During the Employment Term, the
Company shall provide to the Executive all employee and executive perquisites which other senior executives of the Company are generally
entitled to receive, in accordance with Company policy set by the Board from time to time.

4.5
Benefit Plans. During the Employment Term, the
Executive shall be entitled to participate in all employee and executive benefit plans of the Company, as in effect from time to time
(collectively, Employee Benefit Plans) including, but not limited to, equity, pension, thrift, profit sharing, 401(k),
medical coverage, education, or other retirement or welfare benefits that the Company has adopted or may adopt, maintain or contribute
to for the benefit of its executives at a level commensurate with the Executives position subject to satisfying the applicable
eligibility requirements. Such benefits, in the aggregate, shall be no less favorable than is provided to other similarly situated executives
of the Company. The Company reserves the right to amend or terminate any Employee Benefit Plans at any time in its sole discretion, subject
to the terms of such Employee Benefit Plan and applicable law.

4.6
Vacation; Paid Time Off. During the Employment
Term, the Executive shall be entitled to the prescribed number of weeks of paid vacation days per calendar year (prorated for partial
years) in accordance with the Companys vacation policies, as in effect from time to time. The Executive shall receive other paid
time off in accordance with the Companys policies for executive officers as such policies may exist from time to time.

4.7
Business Expenses. The Executive shall be entitled
to reimbursement for all reasonable and necessary out-of-pocket business, entertainment, and travel expenses, including bar registration
and renewal fees, incurred by the Executive in connection with the performance of the Executives duties hereunder in accordance
with the Companys expense reimbursement policies and procedures.

4.8
Relocation Expenses. On or about the Effective Date, the Company shall pay the Executive, on a fully tax grossed-up basis, an
after-tax amount of $10,000 for relocation expenses.

4.9
Indemnification.

(a)
The Company will enter into a standard form of officer and director indemnification agreement with the Executive, in the form of which
is approved by the Board.

4

(b)
The Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain third party directors and officers indemnification insurance for the
Executive on the same terms and conditions as apply to the members of the Board and similarly situated executive officers.

4.10
Clawback Provisions. Notwithstanding any other
provisions in this Agreement to the contrary, any incentive-based or other compensation paid to the Executive under this Agreement or
any other agreement or arrangement with the Company which is subject to recovery under any law, government regulation, or stock exchange
listing requirement will be subject to such deductions and clawback as may be required to be made pursuant to such law, government regulation,
or stock exchange listing requirement (or any policy adopted by the Company pursuant to any such law, government regulation or stock
exchange listing requirement).

5.
Termination of Employment. The Employment
Term and the Executives employment hereunder may be terminated by either the Company or the Executive at any time and for any
reason; provided that, unless otherwise provided herein, either party shall be required to give the other party at least thirty (30)
days advance written notice of any termination of the Executives employment. On termination of the Executives employment
during the Employment Term, the Executive shall be entitled to the compensation and benefits described in this Section 5 and shall have
no further rights to any compensation or any other benefits from the Company or any of its affiliates.

5.1
Non-Renewal by the Executive, For Cause, or Without Good Reason.

(a)
The Executives employment hereunder may be terminated upon the Executives election not to renew the Agreement in accordance
with Section 1, by the Company for Cause, or by the Executive without Good Reason. If the Executives employment is terminated
upon the Executives election not to renew the Agreement, by the Company for Cause, or by the Executive without Good Reason, the
Executive shall be entitled to receive:

(i)
any accrued but unpaid Base Salary and accrued but unused vacation which shall be paid within one (1) week following the Termination
Date (as defined below) in accordance with the Companys customary payroll procedures;

(ii)
any earned but unpaid Annual Bonus with respect to any completed fiscal year immediately preceding the Termination Date, which shall
be paid on the otherwise applicable payment date except to the extent payment is otherwise deferred pursuant to any applicable deferred
compensation arrangement;

(iii)
any other accrued but unpaid compensation or consideration owed to the Executive;

5

(iv)
reimbursement for unreimbursed business expenses properly incurred by the Executive, which shall be subject to and paid in accordance
with the Companys expense reimbursement policy; and

(v)
such employee benefits (including equity compensation), if any, to which the Executive may be entitled under the Companys employee
benefit plans as of the Termination Date; provided that, in no event shall the Executive be entitled to any payments in the nature of
severance or termination payments except as specifically provided herein.

(b)
Items 5.1(a)(i) through 5.1(a)(v) are referred to herein collectively as the Accrued Amounts. The treatment of any
outstanding equity awards shall be determined in accordance with the terms of the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan and the applicable award
agreements and notices.

(c)
For purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall mean:

(i)
the Executives willful failure, without substantial justification, to perform Executives duties (other than any such failure
resulting from incapacity due to physical or mental illness);

(ii)
the Executives willful failure to comply with any valid and legal directive of the Chief Executive Officer or such other officer
or director as may be designated by the Board;

(iii)
the Executives willful engagement in illegal conduct which is, in each case, materially injurious to the Company or its affiliates;

(iv)
the Executives conviction of embezzlement, misappropriation, or fraud, whether or not related to the Executives employment
with the Company;

(v)
the Executives conviction of or plea of guilty to a crime that constitutes a felony (or state law equivalent) or a crime that
constitutes a misdemeanor involving moral turpitude, if such felony or other crime is work-related, materially impairs the Executives
ability to perform services for the Company, or results in material reputational or financial harm to the Company or its affiliates;

6

(vi)
the Executives material violation of the Companys written policies or codes of conduct, including written policies related
to discrimination, harassment, performance of illegal or unethical activities, and unethical misconduct:

(vii)
the Executives willful unauthorized disclosure of Confidential Information (as defined below); or

(viii)
the Executives material breach of any material obligation under this Agreement or any other written agreement between the Executive
and the Company.

For
purposes of this provision, no act on the part of the Executive shall be considered willful unless it is done, or omitted
to be done by the Executive in bad faith. Any act, however, based on authority given pursuant to a resolution duly adopted by the Board
or on the advice of counsel for the Company shall be conclusively presumed to be done, or omitted to be done, by the Executive in good
faith and in the best interests of the Company.

Termination
of the Executives employment shall not be deemed to be for Cause unless and until the Company delivers to the Executive a copy
of a resolution duly adopted by the affirmative vote of not less than two-thirds (2/3) of the Board (after thirty (30) days prior written
notice is provided to the Executive and the Executive is given an opportunity, together with counsel, to be heard before the Board),
finding that the Executive has engaged in the conduct described in any of (i)-(viii) above, and that the Executives employment
should accordingly be terminated for Cause.

(d)
For purposes of this Agreement, the Executive may not be subject to any of the following events without Executives written consent.
For the purposes of this Agreement, it shall be deemed a Good Reason for the Executive to terminate employment in
the event that the Company subjects the Executive to any of the following occurrences:

(i)
a material reduction in the Executives Base Salary;

(ii)
to the extent that the Company has a corporate headquarters or corporate office, a relocation of the Executives principal place
of employment at such corporate headquarters or corporate office by more than fifty (50) miles from the location of the Companys
current corporate headquarters located at 6301 NW 5th Way, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33309;

(iii)
any material breach by the Company of any material provision of this Agreement or any material provision of any other agreement between
the Executive and the Company;

7

(iv)
the Companys failure to obtain an agreement from any successor to the Company to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in
the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no succession had taken place, except where such
assumption occurs by operation of law;

(v)
a material, adverse change in the Executives title, authority, duties, or responsibilities (other than temporarily while the Executive
is physically or mentally incapacitated or as required by applicable law) taking into account the Companys size, status as a public
company, and capitalization as of the date of this Agreement; or

(vi)
a material adverse change in the reporting structure applicable to the Executive.

The
Executive cannot terminate employment for Good Reason unless the Executive has provided written notice to the Company of the existence
of the circumstances providing grounds for termination for Good Reason within fifteen (15) days of the initial existence of such grounds
and the Company has had at least fifteen (15) days from the date on which such notice is provided to cure such circumstances. If the
Executive does not terminate employment for Good Reason within thirty (30) days after the first occurrence of the applicable grounds,
then the Executive will be deemed to have waived the right to terminate for Good Reason with respect to such grounds.

5.2
Non-Renewal by the Company, Without Cause, or for Good Reason.
The Employment Term and the Executives employment hereunder may be terminated (i) by the Executive for Good Reason, (ii) by the
Company without Cause, or (iii) on account of the Companys election not to renew this Agreement in accordance with Section 1 (each,
a Qualifying Termination). If a Qualifying Termination occurs and the Executive (A) has completed at least six (6) consecutive
months of employment with the Company from the Effective Date of this Agreement (the Vesting Period), (B) remains in compliance
with Sections 6, 7, 8, and 9 of this Agreement, and (C) executes a release of claims in favor of the Company, its affiliates, and their
respective officers and directors in a form provided by the Company (the Release), which becomes effective within twenty-one
(21) days following the Termination Date (such twenty-one (21)-day period, the Release Execution Period), the Executive
shall be entitled to receive the Accrued Amounts and the following severance benefits:

(a)
a lump sum payment equal to the sum of the Executives Base Salary and target Annual Bonus for the year in which the Termination
Date occurs, which shall be paid within fifteen days following the expiration of Release Execution Period;

8

(b)
If the Executive timely and properly elects health continuation coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of
1985 (COBRA), the Company shall reimburse the Executive for the monthly COBRA premium paid by the Executive for
the Executive and the Executives dependents OR the difference between the monthly COBRA premium paid by the Executive for
the Executive and the Executives dependents and the monthly premium amount paid by similarly situated active executives. Such
reimbursement shall be paid to the Executive on the fifth day of the month immediately following the month in which the Executive timely
remits the premium payment. The Executive shall be eligible to receive such reimbursement until the earliest of: (i) the eighteen-month
anniversary of the Termination Date; (ii) the date the Executive is no longer eligible to receive COBRA continuation coverage; and (iii)
the date on which the Executive receives substantially similar coverage from another employer or other source. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if the Companys making payments under this Section 5.2(b) would violate the nondiscrimination rules applicable to non-grandfathered
plans under the Affordable Care Act (the ACA), or result in the imposition of penalties under the ACA and the related
regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder), the parties agree to reform this Section 5.2(b) in a manner as is necessary to comply
with the ACA.

(c)
The treatment of any outstanding equity awards shall be determined in accordance with the terms of the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan and
the applicable award agreements and notices. Notwithstanding the foregoing, all outstanding equity-based compensation awards, including
the Restricted Stock Award and Stock Option, shall remain outstanding and shall vest in full immediately on the Termination Date.

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, in the event that the Company elects not to renew this Agreement in accordance with Section 1 upon the expiration of the
Original Employment Term, the payment that the Company shall make to the Executive under Section 5.2(a) shall be a lump sum payment equal
to twenty-five percent (25%) of the sum of the Executives Base Salary and target Annual Bonus for the year in which the Termination
Date occurs, which shall be paid within fifteen days following the expiration of Release Execution Period.

For
the sake of clarity, if the Executives employment is not terminated: (i) by the Company without Cause, (ii) by the Executive
for Good Reason, or (iii) on account of non-renewal of this Agreement by the Company in accordance with Section 1, the Executive shall
be entitled to receive the Accrued Amounts in accordance with the terms of Section 5.1, but shall not be entitled to the additional severance
benefits set forth in this Section 5.2.

5.3
Death or Disability.

(a)
The Executives employment hereunder shall terminate automatically on the Executives death during the Employment Term, and
the Company may terminate the Executives employment on account of the Executives Disability.

(b)
If the Executives employment is terminated during the Employment Term on account of the Executives death or Disability,
the Executive (or the Executives estate and/or beneficiaries, as the case may be) shall be entitled to receive the following:

(i)
the Accrued Amounts; and

9

(ii)
a lump sum payment equal to the pro-rata Annual Bonus, if any, that the Executive would have earned for the fiscal year in which the
Termination Date occurs based on the achievement of applicable performance goals for such year, which shall be payable on the date that
annual bonuses are paid to the Companys similarly situated executives, but in no event later than two-and-a-half (2 1/2) months
following the end of the fiscal year in which the Termination Date occurs.

Notwithstanding
any other provision contained herein, all payments made in connection with the Executives Disability shall be provided in a manner
which is consistent with federal and state law.

(c)
For purposes of this Agreement, Disability shall mean a condition that entitles the Executive to receive long-term
disability benefits under the Companys long-term disability plan, or if there is no such plan, the Executives inability,
due to physical or mental incapacity, to perform the essential functions of the Executives job, with or without reasonable accommodation,
for one hundred eighty (180) days out of any three hundred sixty-five (365) day period or one hundred twenty (120) consecutive days.
Any question as to the existence of the Executives Disability as to which the Executive and the Company cannot agree shall be
determined in writing by a qualified independent physician mutually acceptable to the Executive and the Company. If the Executive and
the Company cannot agree as to a qualified independent physician, each shall appoint such a physician and those two physicians shall
select a third who shall make such determination in writing. The determination of Disability made in writing to the Company and the Executive
shall be final and conclusive for all purposes of this Agreement.

5.4
Change in Control Termination.

(a)
Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, if the Executives employment hereunder is terminated by the Executive for
Good Reason, by the Company on account of its failure to renew the Agreement in accordance with Section 1 or by the Company without Cause
(other than on account of the Executives death or Disability), in each case within twelve (12) months following a Change in Control,
the Executive shall be entitled to receive the Accrued Amounts and subject to the Executives compliance with Section 6, Section
7, Section 8 and Section 9 of this Agreement and the Executives execution of a Release which becomes effective within ten (10)
days following the Termination Date, the Executive shall be entitled to receive a lump sum payment equal to two (2) times the sum of
the Executives Base Salary and target Annual Bonus for the year in which the Termination Date occurs (or if greater, the year
immediately preceding the year in which the Change in Control occurs), which shall be paid within fifteen days following the Termination
Date.

(b)
If the Executive timely and properly elects health plan continuation coverage under COBRA, the Company shall reimburse the Executive
for the monthly COBRA premium paid by the Executive for the Executive and the Executives dependents. Such reimbursement shall
be paid to the Executive on the fifth day of the month immediately following the month in which the Executive timely remits the premium
payment. The Executive shall be eligible to receive such reimbursement until the earliest of: (i) the eighteen-month anniversary of the
Termination Date; (ii) the date the Executive is no longer eligible to receive COBRA continuation coverage; and (iii) the date on which
the Executive receives substantially similar coverage from another employer or other source. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Companys
payments under this Section 5.4(b) would violate the nondiscrimination rules applicable to non-grandfathered, insured group plans under
the ACA, or result in the imposition of penalties under the ACA, the parties agree to reform this Section 5.4(b) in a manner as is necessary
to comply with the ACA.

(c)
Notwithstanding the terms of the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan or any applicable award agreements or notices, as applicable, all outstanding
equity-based compensation awards, including the Restricted Stock Award and Stock Option, shall remain outstanding and shall vest in full
immediately prior to the consummation of the Change in Control.

10

(d)
For purposes of this Agreement, Change in Control shall mean the occurrence of any of the following after the Effective
Date:

(i)
any person (as defined in Section 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act)), excluding for this purpose, (A) the Company or any subsidiary of the Company, or (B) any employee benefit plan of the Company
or any subsidiary of the Company, or any person or entity organized, appointed or established by the Company for or pursuant to the terms
of any such plan which acquires beneficial ownership of voting securities of the Company, is or becomes the beneficial owner
(as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly of securities of the Company representing more than thirty
percent (30%) or more of the of the combined voting power of the Companys then outstanding securities; provided, however, that
no Change in Control will be deemed to have occurred as a result of a change in ownership percentage resulting solely from an acquisition
of securities by the Company;

(ii)
a majority of the members of the Board are replaced during any twelve-month period by directors whose appointment or election is not
endorsed by a majority of the Board before the date of appointment or election; or

(iii)
consummation of a reorganization, merger or consolidation or sale or other disposition of at least eighty percent (80%) of the assets
of the Company (a Business Combination), in each case, unless, following such Business Combination, all or substantially
all of the individuals and entities who were the beneficial owners of outstanding voting securities of the Company immediately prior
to such Business Combination beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than fifty percent (50%) of the combined voting power of
the then outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors of the company resulting from such Business
Combination (including, without limitation, a company which, as a result of such transaction, owns the Company or all or substantially
all of the Companys assets either directly or through one or more subsidiaries) in substantially the same proportions as their
ownership, immediately prior to such Business Combination, of the outstanding voting securities of the Company; or

(iv)
approval by the stockholders of the Company of a complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company.

5.5
Notice of Termination. Any termination of the Executives
employment hereunder by the Company or by the Executive during the Employment Term (other than termination pursuant to Section 5.3(a)
on account of the Executives death) shall be communicated by written notice of termination (Notice of Termination)
to the other party hereto in accordance with Section 23. The Notice of Termination shall specify:

(a)
The termination provision of this Agreement relied upon;

11

(b)
To the extent applicable, the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of the Executives employment
under the provision so indicated; and

(c)
The applicable Termination Date.

5.6
Termination Date. The Executives Termination
Date shall be:

(a)
If the Executives employment hereunder terminates on account of the Executives death, the date of the Executives
death;

(b)
If the Executives employment hereunder is terminated on account of the Executives Disability, the date that it is determined
that the Executive has a Disability;

(c)
If the Company terminates the Executives employment hereunder for Cause, the date the Notice of Termination is delivered to the
Executive;

(d)
If the Company terminates the Executives employment hereunder without Cause, the date specified in the Notice of Termination,
which shall be no less than thirty (30) days following the date on which the Notice of Termination is delivered; provided that, the Company
shall have the option to provide the Executive with a lump sum payment equal to thirty (30) days Base Salary in lieu of such notice,
which shall be paid in a lump sum on the Executives Termination Date and for all purposes of this Agreement, the Executives
Termination Date shall be the date on which such Notice of Termination is delivered;

(e)
If the Executive terminates the Executives employment hereunder with or without Good Reason, the date specified in the Executives
Notice of Termination, which shall be no less than five (5) days following the date on which the Notice of Termination is delivered;
provided that, the Company may waive all or any part of the five (5) day notice period for no consideration by giving written notice
to the Executive and for all purposes of this Agreement, the Executives Termination Date shall be the date determined by the Company;
and

(f)
If the Executives employment hereunder terminates because either party provides notice of non-renewal pursuant to Section 1, the
Renewal Date immediately following the date on which the applicable party delivers notice of non-renewal.

Notwithstanding
anything contained herein, the Termination Date shall not occur until the date on which the Executive incurs a separation from
service within the meaning of Section 409A.

5.7
Resignation of All Other Positions. On termination
of the Executives employment hereunder for any reason, the Executive agrees to resign, effective on the Termination Date, or shall
be deemed to have resigned, from all positions that the Executive holds as an officer or member of the Board (or a committee thereof)
of the Company or any of its affiliates.

12

6.
Cooperation.
The parties agree that certain matters in which the Executive will be involved during the Employment Term may necessitate the Executives
cooperation in the future. Accordingly, following the termination of the Executives employment for any reason, to the extent reasonably
requested by the Board, the Executive shall cooperate with the Company in connection with matters arising out of the Executives
service to the Company; provided that, the Company shall make reasonable efforts to minimize disruption of the Executives other
activities. The Company shall reimburse the Executive for reasonable expenses incurred in connection with such cooperation and, to the
extent that the Executive is required to spend substantial time on such matters, the Company shall compensate the Executive at an hourly
rate based on the Executives Base Salary on the Termination Date.

7.
Confidential Information. The Executive understands
and acknowledges that during the Employment Term, the Executive will have access to and learn about Confidential Information, as defined
below.

7.1
Confidential Information Defined.

(a)
Definition.

For
purposes of this Agreement, Confidential Information includes, but is not limited to, all information not generally
known to the public, in spoken, printed, electronic or any other form or medium, relating directly or indirectly to: business processes,
practices, methods, policies, plans, publications, documents, research, operations, services, strategies, techniques, agreements, contracts,
terms of agreements, transactions, potential transactions, negotiations, pending negotiations, know-how, trade secrets, computer programs,
computer software, applications, operating systems, software design, web design, work-in-process, databases, device configurations, embedded
data, compilations, metadata, technologies, manuals, records, articles, systems, material, sources of material, supplier information,
vendor information, financial information, results, accounting information, accounting records, legal information, marketing information,
advertising information, pricing information, credit information, design information, payroll information, staffing information, personnel
information, employee lists, supplier lists, vendor lists, developments, reports, internal controls, security procedures, graphics, drawings,
sketches, market studies, sales information, revenue, costs, formulae, notes, communications, algorithms, product plans, designs, styles,
models, ideas, audiovisual programs, inventions, unpublished patent applications, original works of authorship, discoveries, experimental
processes, experimental results, specifications, customer information, customer lists, client information, client lists, manufacturing
information, factory lists, distributor lists, and buyer lists of the Company or any existing or prospective customer, supplier, investor
or other associated third party, or of any other person or entity that has entrusted information to the Company in confidence.

13

The
Executive understands that the above list is not exhaustive, and that Confidential Information also includes other information that is
marked or otherwise identified as confidential or proprietary, or that would otherwise appear to a reasonable person to be confidential
or proprietary in the context and circumstances in which the information is known or used.

The
Executive understands and agrees that Confidential Information includes information developed by Executive in the course of employment
by the Company as if the Company furnished the same Confidential Information to the Executive in the first instance. Confidential Information
shall not include information that is generally available to and known by the public at the time of disclosure to the Executive; provided
that, such disclosure is through no direct or indirect fault of the Executive or person(s) acting on the Executives behalf.

(b)
Company Creation and Use of Confidential Information. The Executive understands and acknowledges that the Company has invested,
and continues to invest, substantial time, money, and specialized knowledge into developing its resources, creating a customer base,
generating customer and potential customer lists, training its employees, and improving its offerings relating to its karaoke business,
artificial intelligence business, and such other businesses as the Company may engage in, including the development, production, marketing,
and distribution of consumer karaoke audio equipment, accessories, music, musical instruments, and licensed youth electronic products.
The Executive understands and acknowledges that as a result of these efforts, the Company has created, and continues to use and create
Confidential Information. This Confidential Information provides the Company with a competitive advantage over others in the marketplace.

(c)
Disclosure and Use Restrictions. The Executive agrees and covenants: (i) to treat all Confidential Information as strictly confidential;
(ii) not to directly or indirectly disclose, publish, communicate, or make available Confidential Information, or allow it to be disclosed,
published, communicated, or made available, in whole or part, to any entity or person whatsoever (including other employees of the Company)
not having a need to know and authority to know and use the Confidential Information in connection with the business of the Company and,
in any event, not to anyone outside of the direct employ of the Company except as required in the performance of the Executives
authorized employment duties to the Company or with the prior consent of the Chief Executive Officer or such other officer or director
as may be designated by the Board acting on behalf of the Company in each instance (and then, such disclosure shall be made only within
the limits and to the extent of such duties or consent); and (iii) not to access or use any Confidential Information, and not to copy
any documents, records, files, media, or other resources containing any Confidential Information, or remove any such documents, records,
files, media, or other resources from the premises or control of the Company, except as required in the performance of the Executives
authorized employment duties to the Company or with the prior consent of the Chief Executive Officer or such other officer or director
as may be designated by the Board acting on behalf of the Company in each instance (and then, such disclosure shall be made only within
the limits and to the extent of such duties or consent).

14

(d)
Permitted disclosures. Nothing herein shall be construed to prevent disclosure of Confidential Information as may be required
by applicable law or regulation, or pursuant to the valid order of a court of competent jurisdiction or an authorized government agency,
provided that the disclosure does not exceed the extent of disclosure required by such law, regulation, or order. The Executive shall
promptly provide written notice of any such order to such officer or director of the Company as may be designated by the Board.

(e)
Permitted Communications. Nothing herein prohibits or restricts the Executive (or the Executives attorney) from initiating
communications directly with, responding to an inquiry from, or providing testimony before the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC),
the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), any other self-regulatory organization, or any other federal or state regulatory
authority regarding a possible securities law violation.

(f)
Notice of Immunity Under the Economic Espionage Act of 1996, as amended by the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016 (DTSA).
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement:

(i)
The Executive will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for any disclosure of a trade
secret that:

(A)
is made (1) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and (2)
solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or

(B)
is made in a complaint or other document filed under seal in a lawsuit or other proceeding.

(ii)
If the Executive files a lawsuit for retaliation by the Company for reporting a suspected violation of law, the Executive may disclose
the Companys trade secrets to the Executives attorney and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding if the
Executive:

(A)
files any document containing trade secrets under seal; and

15

(B)
does not disclose trade secrets, except pursuant to court order.

The
Executive understands and acknowledges that the Executives obligations under this Agreement with regard to any particular Confidential
Information shall commence immediately upon the Executive first having access to such Confidential Information (whether before or after
the Executive begins employment by the Company) and shall continue during and after the Executives employment by the Company until
such time as such Confidential Information has become public knowledge other than as a result of the Executives breach of this
Agreement or breach by those acting in concert with the Executive or on the Executives behalf.

8.
Restrictive Covenants.

8.1
Acknowledgement. The Executive acknowledges and
agrees that, as a result of the nature of the Companys business and the nature of the Executives position with the Company,
the Executive has been or will come into contact with, and will have access to, Confidential Information belonging to the Company. The
Executive acknowledges that the aforementioned Confidential Information is unique and not generally known to the public with respect
to the Company and has been developed, acquired, and compiled by the Company at its great effort and expense.

The
Executive further acknowledges and agrees that any disclosure or use of the Companys Confidential Information by the Executive,
other than in connection with the Companys business or as specifically authorized by the Company, will be or may become highly
detrimental to the business of the Company, and serious loss of business and damage to the Company will or may result.

Accordingly,
the Executive agrees to hold all Confidential Information in the strictest confidence and agrees to safeguard and not use, disclose,
divulge or reveal the Companys Confidential Information to any person, either during the Executives employment or at any
time after the termination of the Executives employment with the Company, without specific prior written authorization from an
officer or director of the Company as may be designated by the Board.

8.2
Non-Competition. Because of the Companys
legitimate business interest as described herein and the good and valuable consideration offered to the Executive, during the Employment
Term and for the one (1) year, beginning on the last day of the Executives employment with the Company, except in the instance
where Executive is terminated by the Company without Cause or the Executive terminates for a Good Reason, the Executive agrees and covenants
not to engage in Prohibited Activity.

For
purposes of this Section 8, Prohibited Activity is activity in which the Executive contributes the Executives
knowledge, directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, as an employee, employer, owner, operator, manager, advisor, consultant, agent,
employee, partner, director, stockholder, officer, volunteer, intern, or any other similar capacity to an entity engaged in the karaoke
business, artificial intelligence business, or such other businesses as the Company may then be engaged in, within 20 miles of the Companys
main office. Prohibited Activity also includes activity that may require or inevitably requires disclosure of trade secrets, proprietary
information, or Confidential Information.

Nothing
herein shall prohibit the Executive from purchasing or owning less than five percent (5%) of the publicly traded securities of any corporation,
provided that such ownership represents a passive investment and that the Executive is not a controlling person of, or a member of a
group that controls, such corporation.

16

This
Section 8 does not, in any way, restrict or impede the Executive from exercising protected rights to the extent that such rights cannot
be waived by agreement or from complying with any applicable law or regulation or a valid order of a court of competent jurisdiction
or an authorized government agency, provided that such compliance does not exceed that required by the law, regulation, or order.

8.3
Non-Solicitation of Employees. The Executive agrees
and covenants not to directly or indirectly solicit, hire, recruit, attempt to hire or recruit, or induce the termination of employment
of any employee of the Company, or attempt to do so during one (1) year, beginning on the last day of the Executives employment
with the Company.

8.4
Non-Solicitation of Customers. The Executive
understands and acknowledges that because of the Executives experience with and relationship to the Company, the Executive will
have access to and learn about much or all of the Companys customer information. Customer Information includes,
but is not limited to, names, phone numbers, addresses, email addresses, order history, order preferences, chain of command, decision
makers, pricing information, and other information identifying facts and circumstances specific to the customer and relevant to sales
or services.

The
Executive understands and acknowledges that loss of this customer relationship and/or goodwill will cause significant and irreparable
harm.

The
Executive agrees and covenants, during one (1) year, to run consecutively, beginning on the last day of the Executives employment
with the Company, not to use the Companys Confidential Information, in for purposes of offering or goods or services similar to
or competitive with those offered by the Company.

This
restriction shall only apply to:

(a)
Customers or prospective customers the Executive contacted in any way during the twelve (12) months prior to termination;

(b)
Customers about whom the Executive has trade secret or confidential information; and

(c)
Customers about whom the Executive has information that is not available publicly.

17

9.
Remedies.
In the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Executive of Section 7, Section 8, or Section 9 of this Agreement, the Executive
hereby consents and agrees that the Company shall be entitled to seek, in addition to other available remedies, a temporary or permanent
injunction or other equitable relief against such breach or threatened breach from any court of competent jurisdiction, and that money
damages would not afford an adequate remedy, without the necessity of showing any actual damages, and without the necessity of posting
any bond or other security. The aforementioned equitable relief shall be in addition to, not in lieu of, legal remedies, monetary damages,
or other available forms of relief.

10.
Proprietary Rights.

10.1
Work Product. At all times while Executive is employed by the Company, the Executive is free to use Work Product and Intellectual
Property which is not gained as result of a breach of this Agreement. Work Product and Intellectual Property
that is developed by Executive through Executives own skill, knowledge, know-how and experience without the assistance or use
of Company assets, that does not relate to the Executives work for the Company may, however, be owned and used by the Executive
to whatever extent and in whichever way Executive chooses. Except as set forth in this paragraph Work Product and Intellectual
Property shall belong to the Company. The term Work Product shall mean all writings, works of authorship, technology,
inventions, discoveries, processes, techniques, methods, ideas, concepts, research, proposals, materials, and all other work product
of any nature whatsoever, that are created, prepared, produced, authored, edited, amended, conceived, or reduced to practice by the Executive
individually or jointly with others during the Employment Term that relate to the business or contemplated business, products, activities,
research, or development of the Company. Work Product does not include any of the foregoing that are (a) trade secrets,
inventions, products, ideas, processes, formulas, know-how, improvements, discoveries, developments, designs and techniques; and (b)
information regarding plans for research, development, new products, marketing and selling, business plans, budgets and unpublished financial
statements, licenses, prices and costs, suppliers, distributors and customers; and (c) information regarding the skills and compensation
of other employees of the Company. The term Intellectual Property Rights shall mean any and all rights in and to the Companys
US and foreign (a) patents, patent disclosures and inventions (whether patentable or not), (b) trademarks, service marks, trade dress,
trade names, logos, corporate names, and domain names, and other similar designations of source or origin, together with the goodwill
symbolized by any of the foregoing, (c) copyrights and copyrightable works (including computer programs), and rights in data and databases,
(d) trade secrets, know-how, and other confidential information, and (e) all other intellectual property rights, in each case whether
registered or unregistered and including all registrations and applications for, and renewals and extensions of, such rights, all improvements
thereto and all similar or equivalent rights or forms of protection in any part of the world.

18

10.2
Work Made for Hire. Except as otherwise excluded by this paragraph, the Executive acknowledges that, by reason of being employed
by the Company at the relevant times, to the extent permitted by law, all of the Work Product consisting of copyrightable subject matter
is work made for hire as defined in 17 U.S.C. 101 and such copyrights are therefore owned by the Company. To the
extent that the foregoing does not apply, the Executive hereby irrevocably assigns to the Company, for no additional consideration, the
Executives entire right, title, and interest in and to all Work Product and Intellectual Property Rights therein, including the
right to sue, counterclaim, and recover for all past, present, and future infringement, misappropriation, or dilution thereof, and all
rights corresponding thereto throughout the world. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed to reduce or limit the Companys
rights, title, or interest in any Work Product or Intellectual Property Rights so as to be less in any respect than that the Company
would have had in the absence of this Agreement.

10.3
Further Assurances; Power of Attorney. During and after the Employment Term, the Executive agrees to reasonably cooperate with
the Company to (a) apply for, obtain, perfect, and transfer to the Company the Work Product as well as any and all Intellectual Property
Rights in the Work Product in any jurisdiction in the world; and (b) maintain, protect and enforce the same, including, without limitation,
giving testimony and executing and delivering to the Company any and all applications, oaths, declarations, affidavits, waivers, assignments,
and other documents and instruments as shall be requested by the Company. The Executive hereby irrevocably grants the Company power of
attorney to execute and deliver any such documents on the Executives behalf in the Executives name and to do all other
lawfully permitted acts to transfer the Work Product to the Company and further the transfer, prosecution, issuance, and maintenance
of all Intellectual Property Rights therein, to the full extent permitted by law, if the Executive does not promptly cooperate with the
Companys request (without limiting the rights the Company shall have in such circumstances by operation of law). The power of
attorney is coupled with an interest and shall not be affected by the Executives subsequent incapacity.

10.4
No License. The Executive understands that this
Agreement does not, and shall not be construed to grant the Executive any license or right of any nature with respect to any Work Product
or Intellectual Property Rights or any Confidential Information, materials, software, or other tools made available to the Executive
by the Company.

11.
Security.

11.1
Security and Access. The Executive agrees and
covenants (a) to comply with all Company security policies and procedures as in force from time to time, including without limitation
those regarding computer equipment, telephone systems, voicemail systems, facilities access, monitoring, key cards, access codes, Company
intranet, internet, social media and instant messaging systems, computer systems, email systems, computer networks, document storage
systems, software, data security, encryption, firewalls, passwords and any and all other Company facilities, IT resources and communication
technologies (Facilities and Information Technology Resources); (b) not to access or use any Facilities and Information
Technology Resources except as authorized by the Company; and (iii) not to access or use any Facilities and Information Technology Resources
in any manner after the termination of the Executives employment by the Company, whether termination is voluntary or involuntary.
The Executive agrees to notify the Company promptly in the event the Executive learns of any violation of the foregoing by others, or
of any other misappropriation or unauthorized access, use, reproduction, or reverse engineering of, or tampering with any Facilities
and Information Technology Resources or other Company property or materials by others.

19

11.2
Exit Obligations. Upon (a) voluntary or involuntary
termination of the Executives employment or (b) the Companys request at any time during the Executives employment,
the Executive shall (i) provide or return to the Company any and all Company property, including keys, key cards, access cards, identification
cards, security devices, employer credit cards, network access devices, computers, cell phones, smartphones, PDAs, pagers, fax machines,
equipment, speakers, webcams, manuals, reports, files, books, compilations, work product, email messages, recordings, tapes, disks, thumb
drives or other removable information storage devices, hard drives, negatives, and data and all Company documents and materials belonging
to the Company and stored in any fashion, including but not limited to those that constitute or contain any Confidential Information
or Work Product, that are in the possession or control of the Executive, whether they were provided to the Executive by the Company or
any of its business associates or created by the Executive in connection with the Executives employment by the Company; and (ii)
delete or destroy all copies of any such documents and materials not returned to the Company that remain in the Executives possession
or control, including those stored on any non-Company devices, networks, storage locations, and media in the Executives possession
or control.

12.
Publicity. The Executive hereby irrevocably consents to any and all uses and displays, by the Company and its agents, representatives
and licensees, of the Executives name, voice, likeness, image, appearance, and biographical information in, on or in connection
with any pictures, photographs, audio and video recordings, digital images, websites, television programs and advertising, other advertising
and publicity, sales and marketing brochures, books, magazines, other publications, CDs, DVDs, tapes, and all other printed and electronic
forms and media throughout the world, at any time during or after the Employment Term, for all legitimate commercial and business purposes
of the Company (Permitted Uses) without further consent from or royalty, payment, or other compensation to the Executive.
The Executive hereby forever waives and releases the Company and its directors, officers, employees, and agents from any and all claims,
actions, damages, losses, costs, expenses, and liability of any kind, arising under any legal or equitable theory whatsoever at any time
during or after the Employment Term, arising directly or indirectly from the Company and its agents, representatives, and
licensees exercise of their rights in connection with any Permitted Uses.

13.
Governing Law: Jurisdiction and Venue. This Agreement, for all purposes, shall be construed in accordance with the laws of Florida
without regard to conflicts of law principles. Any action or proceeding by either of the parties to enforce this Agreement shall be brought
only in a state or federal court located in the state of Broward, County. The parties hereby irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction
of such courts and waive the defense of inconvenient forum to the maintenance of any such action or proceeding in such venue.

20

14.
Entire Agreement. Unless specifically provided herein, this Agreement contains all of the understandings and representations between
the Executive and the Company pertaining to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements,
representations, and warranties, both written and oral, with respect to such subject matter. The parties mutually agree that the Agreement
can be specifically enforced in court and can be cited as evidence in legal proceedings alleging breach of the Agreement.

15.
Modification and Waiver. No provision of this Agreement may be amended or modified unless such amendment or modification is agreed
to in writing and signed by the Executive and such officer or director of the Company as may be designated by the Board. No waiver by
either of the parties of any breach by the other party hereto of any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by the
other party hereto shall be deemed a waiver of any similar or dissimilar provision or condition at the same or any prior or subsequent
time, nor shall the failure of or delay by either of the parties in exercising any right, power, or privilege hereunder operate as a
waiver thereof to preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other such right, power, or privilege.

16.
Severability. Should any provision of this Agreement be held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be enforceable only if modified,
or if any portion of this Agreement shall be held as unenforceable and thus stricken, such holding shall not affect the validity of the
remainder of this Agreement, the balance of which shall continue to be binding upon the parties with any such modification to become
a part hereof and treated as though originally set forth in this Agreement.

The
parties further agree that any such court is expressly authorized to modify any such unenforceable provision of this Agreement in lieu
of severing such unenforceable provision from this Agreement in its entirety, whether by rewriting the offending provision, deleting
any or all of the offending provision, adding additional language to this Agreement, or by making such other modifications as it deems
warranted to carry out the intent and agreement of the parties as embodied herein to the maximum extent permitted by law.

The
parties expressly agree that this Agreement as so modified by the court shall be binding upon and enforceable against each of them. In
any event, should one or more of the provisions of this Agreement be held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any respect, such
invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability shall not affect any other provisions hereof, and if such provision or provisions are not
modified as provided above, this Agreement shall be construed as if such invalid, illegal, or unenforceable provisions had not been set
forth herein.

17.
Captions.
Captions and headings of the sections and paragraphs of this Agreement are intended solely for convenience and no provision of this Agreement
is to be construed by reference to the caption or heading of any section or paragraph.

21

18.
Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which taken together shall
constitute one and the same instrument.

19.
Tolling.
Should the Executive violate any of the terms of the restrictive covenant obligations articulated herein, the obligation at issue will
run from the first date on which the Executive ceases to be in violation of such obligation.

20.
Section 409A.

20.1
General Compliance. This Agreement is intended
to comply with Section 409A or an exemption thereunder and shall be construed and administered in accordance with Section 409A. Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement, payments provided under this Agreement may only be made upon an event and in a manner that complies
with Section 409A or an applicable exemption. Any payments under this Agreement that may be excluded from Section 409A either as separation
pay due to an involuntary separation from service or as a short-term deferral shall be excluded from Section 409A to the maximum extent
possible. For purposes of Section 409A, each installment payment provided under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment.
Any payments to be made under this Agreement upon a termination of employment shall only be made upon a separation from service
under Section 409A. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company makes no representations that the payments and benefits provided under
this Agreement comply with Section 409A, and in no event shall the Company be liable for all or any portion of any taxes, penalties,
interest, or other expenses that may be incurred by the Executive on account of non-compliance with Section 409A.

20.2
Specified Employees. Notwithstanding any other
provision of this Agreement, if any payment or benefit provided to the Executive in connection with the Executives termination
of employment is determined to constitute nonqualified deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A and the
Executive is determined to be a specified employee as defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(b)(i), then such payment or benefit
shall not be paid until the first payroll date following the six-month anniversary of the Termination Date or, if earlier, on the Executives
death (the Specified Employee Payment Date). The aggregate of any payments that would otherwise have been paid before
the Specified Employee Payment Date and interest on such amounts calculated based on the applicable federal rate published by the Internal
Revenue Service for the month in which the Executives separation from service occurs shall be paid to the Executive in a lump
sum on the Specified Employee Payment Date and thereafter, any remaining payments shall be paid without delay in accordance with their
original schedule.

22

20.3
Reimbursements. To the extent required by Section
409A, each reimbursement or in-kind benefit provided under this Agreement shall be provided in accordance with the following:

(a)
the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits provided, during each calendar year cannot affect the expenses
eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits to be provided, in any other calendar year;

(b)
any reimbursement of an eligible expense shall be paid to the Executive on or before the last day of the calendar year following the
calendar year in which the expense was incurred; and

(c)
any right to reimbursements or in-kind benefits under this Agreement shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit.

20.4
Tax Gross-ups. Any tax gross-up payments provided
under this Agreement shall be paid to the Executive on or before December 31 of the calendar year immediately following the calendar
year in which the Executive remits the related taxes.

21.
Notification to Subsequent Employer.
When the Executives employment with the Company terminates, the Executive agrees to notify any subsequent employer of the restrictive
covenants sections contained in this Agreement. The Executive will also deliver a copy of such notice to the Company before the Executive
commences employment with any subsequent employer. In addition, the Executive authorizes the Company to provide a copy of the restrictive
covenants sections of this Agreement to third parties, including but not limited to, the Executives subsequent, anticipated, or
possible future employer.

22.
Successors and Assigns.
This Agreement is personal to the Executive and shall not be assigned by the Executive. Any purported assignment by the Executive shall
be null and void from the initial date of the purported assignment. The Company may assign this Agreement to any successor or assign
(whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business or assets
of the Company. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the Company and permitted successors and assigns.

23

23.
Notice.
Notices and all other communications provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be delivered personally or sent by
registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, or by overnight carrier to the parties at the addresses set forth below (or such
other addresses as specified by the parties by like notice):

If
to the Company Algorhythm
Holdings, Inc.

6301
NW 5th Way, STE 2900

Fort
Lauderdale, FL 33309

Attention:
Chief Executive Officer

If
to the Executive Alex
Andre

To
that address set forth on the Companys books and records as updated by the Executive from time to time

24.
Representations of the Executive. The Executive
represents and warrants to the Company that:

(a)
The Executives acceptance of employment with the Company and the performance of duties hereunder will not conflict with or result
in a violation of, a breach of, or a default under any contract, agreement, or understanding to which the Executive is a party or is
otherwise bound.

(b)
The Executives acceptance of employment with the Company and the performance of duties hereunder will not violate any non-solicitation,
non-competition, or other similar covenant or agreement of a prior employer.

25.
Withholding. The Company shall have the right
to withhold from any amount payable hereunder any Federal, state, and local taxes in order for the Company to satisfy any withholding
tax obligation it may have under any applicable law or regulation.

26.
Survival. Upon the expiration or other termination
of this Agreement, the respective rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall survive such expiration or other termination to
the extent necessary to carry out the intentions of the parties under this Agreement.

27.
Acknowledgement of Full Understanding. THE EXECUTIVE
ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE EXECUTIVE HAS FULLY READ, UNDERSTANDS AND VOLUNTARILY ENTERS INTO THIS AGREEMENT. THE EXECUTIVE ACKNOWLEDGES
AND AGREES THAT THE EXECUTIVE HAS HAD AN OPPORTUNITY TO ASK QUESTIONS AND CONSULT WITH AN ATTORNEY OF THE EXECUTIVES CHOICE BEFORE
SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT.

[signature
page follows]

24

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written.

ALGORHYTHM
HOLDINGS, INC.

By: /s/
Gary Atkinson

Name: Gary
Atkinson

Title: CEO

EXECUTIVE 

Signature: /s/
Alex Andre 

Print
Name: Alex
Andre 

25

Exhibit
A

Form
of Restricted Stock Award

Exhibit
A

Restricted
Stock Award Agreement

This
Restricted Stock Award Agreement (this Agreement) is made and entered into as of [___________] (the Grant
Date) by and between Algorhythm Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company) and Alex Andre (the
Grantee).

WHEREAS,
the Company has adopted the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan) pursuant to which awards of Restricted Stock may
be granted; and

WHEREAS,
the Committee has determined that it is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders to grant the award of Restricted Stock
provided for herein.

NOW,
THEREFORE, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, agree as follows:

1.
Grant of Restricted Stock. Pursuant
to the terms of the Plan, the Company hereby issues to the Grantee on the Grant Date a Restricted Stock Award consisting of, in the aggregate,
23,818 shares (the Restricted Stock) of common stock of the Company, par value $0.01 per share (the Common
Stock), on the terms and conditions and subject to the restrictions set forth in this Agreement and the Plan. Capitalized
terms that are used but not defined herein have the meanings ascribed to them in the Plan.

2.
Consideration. The grant of the Restricted Stock
is made pursuant to the terms of that certain Employment Agreement, dated February 12, 2025, by and between the Company and Grantee (the
Employment Agreement).

3.
Restricted Period; Vesting. Except
as otherwise provided herein, provided that the Grantee remains in Continuous Service through the applicable vesting date, the shares
of Restricted Stock will vest in accordance with the following schedule: (a) twenty-five percent (25%) of the shares of Restricted Stock
shall vest on the first anniversary of the Effective Date; and (b) six and one-quarter percent (6.25%) of the shares of Restricted Stock
shall vest each quarter thereafter. The period over which the Restricted Stock vests is referred to as the Restricted Period.

4.
Restrictions.
Subject to any exceptions set forth in this Agreement or the Plan, during the Restricted Period, the unvested shares of Restricted Stock
(the Unvested Shares) or the rights relating thereto may not be assigned, alienated, pledged, attached, sold or
otherwise transferred or encumbered by the Grantee. Any attempt to assign, alienate, pledge, attach, sell or otherwise transfer or encumber
the Unvested Shares or the rights relating thereto during the Restricted Period shall be wholly ineffective and void.

5.
Rights as Shareholder; Dividends.

5.1
The Grantee shall be the record owner of the Restricted Stock until the shares of Common Stock are sold or otherwise disposed of, and
shall be entitled to all of the rights of a shareholder of the Company including, without limitation, the right to vote such shares and
receive all dividends or other distributions paid with respect to such shares.

5.2
The Company may issue stock certificates or evidence the Grantees interest by using a restricted book entry account with the Companys
transfer agent. Physical possession or custody of any stock certificates that are issued shall be retained by the Company until such
time as shares of Restricted Stock vest (Vested Shares). Upon any Unvested Shares becoming Vested Shares, all restrictions
shall be removed from the certificates representing such Unvested Shares and the Company shall deliver to the Grantee certificates representing
such Vested Shares free and clear of all restrictions (except for any applicable securities law restrictions) within 10 business days
following the date such Unvested Shares became Vested Shares.

6.
No Right to Continued Service.
Neither the Plan nor this Agreement shall confer upon the Grantee any right to be retained in any position, as an Employee, Consultant
or Director of the Company. Further, nothing in the Plan or this Agreement shall be construed to limit the discretion of the Company
to terminate the Grantees Continuous Service at any time, with or without Cause.

7.
Tax Liability. The ultimate liability
for all income taxes and other taxes (Tax-Related Items) is and remains the Grantees responsibility and the
Company (a) makes no representation or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with the grant or
vesting of the Restricted Stock or the subsequent sale of any shares; and (b) does not commit to structure the Restricted Stock to reduce
or eliminate the Grantees liability for Tax-Related Items.

8.
Section 83(b) Election.
The Grantee may make an election under Code Section 83(b) (a Section 83(b) Election) with respect to the Restricted
Stock. Any such election must be made within thirty (30) days after the Grant Date. If the Grantee elects to make a Section 83(b) Election,
the Grantee shall provide the Company with a copy of an executed version and satisfactory evidence of the filing of the executed Section
83(b) Election with the US Internal Revenue Service. The Grantee agrees to assume full responsibility for ensuring that the Section 83(b)
Election is actually and timely filed with the US Internal Revenue Service and for all tax consequences resulting from the Section 83(b)
Election.

9.
Compliance with Law.
The issuance and transfer of shares of Restricted Stock shall be subject to compliance by the Company and the Grantee with all applicable
requirements of federal and state securities laws and with all applicable requirements of any stock exchange on which the Companys
shares of Common Stock may be listed. No shares of Restricted Stock shall be issued or transferred unless and until any then applicable
requirements of state and federal laws and regulatory agencies have been fully complied with to the satisfaction of the Company and its
counsel. The Grantee understands that, except as otherwise provided in the Employment Agreement, the Company is under no obligation to
register the shares of Restricted Stock with the Securities and Exchange Commission, any state securities commission or any stock exchange
to effect such compliance.

2

10.
Legends.
A legend may be placed on any certificate(s) or other document(s) delivered to the Grantee indicating restrictions on transferability
of the shares of Restricted Stock pursuant to this Agreement or any other restrictions that the Committee may deem advisable under the
rules, regulations and other requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission, any applicable federal or state securities laws
or any stock exchange on which the shares of Common Stock are then listed or quoted.

11.
Notices.
Any notice required to be delivered to the Company under this Agreement shall be in writing and addressed to the Secretary of the Company
at the Companys principal corporate offices. Any notice required to be delivered to the Grantee under this Agreement shall be
in writing and addressed to the Grantee at the Grantees address as shown in the records of the Company. Either party may designate
another address in writing (or by such other method approved by the Company) from time to time.

12.
Governing Law.
This Agreement will be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida without regard to conflict of law
principles.

13.
Interpretation.
Any dispute regarding the interpretation of this Agreement shall be submitted by the Grantee or the Company to the Committee for review
and resolution in its reasonable discretion. The resolution of such dispute by the Committee shall be final and binding on the Grantee
and the Company.

14.
Restricted Stock Subject to Plan.
This Agreement is subject to the Plan as approved by the Companys shareholders. The terms and provisions of the Plan as it may
be amended from time to time are hereby incorporated herein by reference. In the event of a conflict between any term or provision contained
herein and a term or provision of the Plan, the applicable terms and provisions of the Plan will govern and prevail. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, in the event of a conflict between the terms of the Employment
Agreement and the Restricted Stock Award or Plan, the terms of the Employment Agreement shall control and supersede the conflicting terms
of the Restricted Stock Award and Plan.

15.
Successors and Assigns.
The Company may assign any of its rights under this Agreement. This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the successors
and assigns of the Company. Subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth herein, this Agreement will be binding upon the Grantee
and the Grantees beneficiaries, executors, administrators and the person(s) to whom the Restricted Stock may be transferred by
will or the laws of descent or distribution.

3

16.
Severability.
The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of the Plan or this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of
any other provision of the Plan or this Agreement, and each provision of the Plan and this Agreement shall be severable and enforceable
to the extent permitted by law.

17.
Discretionary Nature of Plan.
The Plan is discretionary and may be amended, cancelled or terminated by the Company at any time, in its discretion. The grant of the
Restricted Stock in this Agreement does not create any contractual right or other right to receive any Restricted Stock or other Awards
in the future. Future awards, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company. Any amendment, modification, or termination of the
Plan shall not constitute a change or impairment of the terms and conditions of the Grantees employment with the Company.

18.
No Impact on Other Benefits.
The value of the Grantees Restricted Stock is not part of their normal or expected compensation for purposes of calculating any
severance, retirement, welfare, insurance or similar employee benefit.

19.
Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together will constitute one
and the same instrument. Counterpart signature pages to this Agreement transmitted by facsimile transmission, by electronic mail in portable
document format (.pdf), or by any other electronic means intended to preserve the original graphic and pictorial appearance of a document,
will have the same effect as physical delivery of the paper document bearing an original signature.

20.
Acceptance.
The Grantee hereby acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan and this Agreement. The Grantee has read and understands the terms and
provisions thereof, and accepts the Restricted Stock subject to all of the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement. The Grantee
acknowledges that there may be adverse tax consequences upon the grant or vesting of the Restricted Stock or disposition of the underlying
shares and that the Grantee has been advised to consult a tax advisor prior to such grant, vesting or disposition.

[signature
page follows]

4

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written.

ALGORHYTHM
HOLDINGS, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

ALEX
ANDRE

Alex
Andre

5

Exhibit
B

Form
of Stock Option

Exhibit
B

ALGORHYTHM
HOLDINGS, INC.

STOCK OPTION GRANT NOTICE

Algorhythm
Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), hereby grants to you an Option (the Option)
to purchase shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.01 per share, under the Companys 2022 Equity Incentive Plan
(the Plan). The Option is subject to all the terms and conditions set forth in this Stock Option Grant Notice
(this Grant Notice), in the Stock Option Agreement and in the Plan, which are attached to and incorporated
into this Grant Notice in their entirety.

Participant: Alex Andre

Grant
Date: [___________]

Number
of Shares Subject to Option: 23,818

Exercise
Price (per Share): $[____]

Option
Expiration Date: [___________] (subject to earlier termination
in accordance with the terms of the Plan and the Stock Option Agreement)

Type
of Option: 

Incentive Stock Option*

Nonqualified Stock Option

Vesting
and Exercisability Schedule: 

The
shares subject to the Option will vest and become exercisable in accordance with the following schedule:

(i) 25%
of the shares shall vest on the first anniversary of the grant date; and

(ii) 6.25%
of the shares shall vest each quarter thereafter.

Additional
Terms/Acknowledgement: You acknowledge receipt of, and understand and agree to, this Grant Notice, the Stock Option Agreement and
the Plan. You further acknowledge that, as of the Grant Date, this Grant Notice, the Stock Option Agreement, the Plan, and that
certain Employment Agreement, dated February 12, 2025, by and between you and the Company (the Employment
Agreement) set
forth the entire understanding between you and the Company regarding the Option. In the
event of a conflict between the terms of the Employment Agreement and the Grant Notice, Stock Option Agreement or Plan,
the terms of the Employment Agreement shall control and supersede the conflicting terms of the Grant Notice, Stock Option Agreement
and Plan.

ALGORHYTHM
HOLDINGS, INC. PARTICIPANT

By: Alex
Andre

Its: Date: 

Attachments:

1. Stock Option Agreement

2. 2022 Equity Incentive Plan

*
See Sections 3 and 4 of the Stock Option Agreement.

ALGORHYTHM
HOLDINGS, INC.

STOCK
OPTION AGREEMENT

Pursuant
to your Stock Option Grant Notice (the Grant Notice) and this Stock Option Agreement (this Agreement),
Algorhythm Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), has granted you an Option under the Companys
2022 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan) to purchase the number of shares of the Companys Common Stock
indicated in your Grant Notice (the Shares) at the exercise price indicated in your Grant Notice. Capitalized
terms not defined in this Agreement but defined in the Plan have the same definitions as in the Plan.

The
details of the Option are as follows:

1.
Vesting and Exercisability. Subject to the limitations contained herein, the Option will vest and become exercisable as provided
in your Grant Notice, provided that vesting will cease upon your Termination of Service and the unvested portion of the Option will terminate
on such date.

2.
Securities Law Compliance. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, you may not exercise the Option unless the Shares
issuable upon exercise are registered under the Securities Act or, if such Shares are not then so registered, the Company has determined
that such exercise and issuance would be exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The exercise of the Option
must also comply with other applicable laws and regulations governing the Option, and you may not exercise the Option if the Company
determines that such exercise would not be in material compliance with such laws and regulations.

3.
Incentive Stock Option Qualification. If so designated in your Grant Notice, all or a portion of the Option is intended to qualify
as an Incentive Stock Option under federal income tax law, but the Company does not represent or guarantee that the Option qualifies
as such. If the Option has been designated as an Incentive Stock Option and the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined as of the grant
date) of the shares of Common Stock subject to the portions of the Option and all other Incentive Stock Options you hold that first become
exercisable during any calendar year exceeds $100,000, any excess portion will be treated as a Nonqualified Stock Option, unless the
Internal Revenue Service changes the rules and regulations governing the $100,000 limit for Incentive Stock Options. A portion of the
Option may be treated as a Nonqualified Stock Option if certain events cause exercisability of the Option to accelerate.

4.
Notice of Disqualifying Disposition. To the extent the Option has been designated as an Incentive Stock Option, to obtain certain
tax benefits afforded to Incentive Stock Options, you must hold the Shares issued upon the exercise of the Option for two years after
the Grant Date and one year after the date of exercise. By accepting the Option, you agree to promptly notify the Company if you dispose
of any of the Shares within one year from the date you exercise all or part of the Option or within two years from the Grant Date.

-2-

5.
Alternative Minimum Tax. You may be subject to the alternative minimum tax at the time of exercise of an Incentive Stock Option.

6.
Independent Tax Advice. You should obtain tax advice when exercising the Option and prior to the disposition of the Shares.

7.
Method of Exercise. You may exercise the Option by giving written notice to the Company, in form and substance satisfactory to
the Company, which will state your election to exercise the Option and the number of Shares for which you are exercising the Option.
The written notice must be accompanied by full payment of the exercise price for the number of Shares you are purchasing. You may make
this payment in any combination of the following: (a) by cash; (b) by check or wire transfer; (c) having the Company withhold shares
of Common Stock that would otherwise be issued on exercise of a Nonqualified Stock Option that have an aggregate Fair Market Value equal
to the aggregate exercise price of the shares being purchased under the Option; (d) tendering (either actually or, if and for as long
as the Common Stock is registered under Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, by attestation) shares of Common Stock owned by the
Participant that have an aggregate Fair Market Value equal to the aggregate exercise price of the shares being purchased under the Option;
(e) if and so long as the Common Stock is registered under Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, and to the extent permitted by
law, delivery of a properly executed exercise agreement or notice, together with irrevocable instructions to a brokerage firm designated
or approved by the Company to deliver promptly to the Company the aggregate amount of proceeds to pay the Option exercise price and any
tax withholding obligations that may arise in connection with the exercise, all in accordance with the regulations of the Federal Reserve
Board; or (f) such other consideration as the Committee may permit.

8.
Market Standoff. You agree that any Shares received upon exercise of the Option will be subject to the market standoff restrictions
on transfer set forth in the Plan.

9.
Treatment Upon Termination of Employment or Service Relationship. Except as otherwise provided in that
certain Employment Agreement, dated February 12, 2025, by and between you and the Company, the unvested portion of the Option will terminate
automatically and without further notice immediately upon your Termination of Service. You may exercise the vested portion of the Option
as follows:

(a)
General Rule. You must exercise the vested portion of the Option on or before the earlier of (i) three months after your Termination
of Service and (ii) the Option Expiration Date.

-3-

(b)
Retirement or Disability. In the event of your Termination of Service due to Retirement or disability, you must exercise the vested
portion of the Option on or before the earlier of (i) one year after your Termination of Service and (ii) the Option Expiration Date.

(c)
Death. In the event of your Termination of Service due to your death, the vested portion of the Option must be exercised on or
before the earlier of (i) one year after your Termination of Service and (ii) the Option Expiration Date. If you die after your Termination
of Service but while the Option is still exercisable, the vested portion of the Option may be exercised until the earlier of (x) one
year after the date of death and (y) the Option Expiration Date.

(d)
Cause. The vested portion of the Option will automatically expire at the time the Company first notifies you of your Termination
of Service for Cause, unless the Committee otherwise. If your employment or service relationship is suspended pending an investigation
of whether you will be terminated for Cause, all your rights under the Option likewise will be suspended during the period of investigation.
If any facts that would constitute termination for Cause are discovered after your Termination of Service, any Option you then hold may
be immediately terminated by the Committee.

The
Option must be exercised within three months after termination of employment for reasons other than death or disability and one year
after termination of employment due to disability to qualify for the beneficial tax treatment afforded Incentive Stock Options. For purposes
of the preceding, disability has the meaning attributed to that term for purposes of Section 422 of the Code.

It
is your responsibility to be aware of the date the Option terminates.

10.
Limited Transferability. During your lifetime only you can exercise the Option. The Option is not transferable except by will
or by the applicable laws of descent and distribution. The Plan provides for exercise of the Option by a beneficiary designated on a
Company-approved form or the personal representative of your estate. Notwithstanding the foregoing and to the extent permitted by the
Plan and Section 422 of the Code, the Committee, in its sole discretion, may permit you to assign or transfer the Option, subject to
such terms and conditions as specified by the Committee.

11.
Withholding Taxes. As a condition to the exercise of any portion of the Option, you must make such arrangements as the Company
may require for the satisfaction of any federal, state, local or foreign tax withholding obligations that may arise in connection with
such exercise.

-4-

12.
Option Not an Employment or Service Contract. Nothing in the Plan or this Agreement will be deemed to constitute an employment
contract or confer or be deemed to confer any right for you to continue in the employ of, or to continue any other relationship with,
the Company or any Related Company or limit in any way the right of the Company or any Related Company to terminate your employment or
other relationship at any time, with or without Cause.

13.
No Right to Damages. You will have no right to bring a claim or to receive damages if you are required to exercise the vested
portion of the Option within three months (one year in the case of Retirement, Disability or death) of your Termination of Service or
if any portion of the Option is cancelled or expires unexercised. The loss of existing or potential profit in the Option will not constitute
an element of damages in the event of your Termination of Service for any reason even if the termination is in violation of an obligation
of the Company or a Related Company to you.

14.
Binding Effect. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company and be binding upon you
and your heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns.

15.
Section 409A Compliance. Notwithstanding any provision in the Plan or this Agreement to the contrary, the Committee may, at any
time and without your consent, modify the terms of the Option as it determines appropriate to avoid the imposition of interest or penalties
under Section 409A of the Code; provided, however, that the Committee makes no representations that the Option shall be exempt from or
comply with Section 409A of the Code and makes no undertaking to preclude Section 409A of the Code from applying to the Option.

-5-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.2

ALGORHYTHM
HOLDINGS, INC.

STOCK
OPTION GRANT NOTICE

Algorhythm
Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), hereby grants to you an Option (the Option)
to purchase shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.01 per share, under the Companys 2022 Equity Incentive Plan
(the Plan). The Option is subject to all the terms and conditions set forth in this Stock Option Grant Notice
(this Grant Notice), in the Stock Option Agreement and in the Plan, which are attached to and incorporated
into this Grant Notice in their entirety.

Participant: Alex
Andre

Grant
Date: February
13, 2025

Number
of Shares Subject to Option: 23,818

Exercise
Price (per Share): $2.78

Option
Expiration Date: February 13, 2035 (subject to earlier termination inaccordance with the terms of the Plan and the Stock Option Agreement)

Type
of Option: 

Incentive Stock Option*

Nonqualified Stock Option

Vesting
and Exercisability Schedule: The
shares subject to the Option will vest and become exercisable in accordance with the following schedule:

(i) 25%
of the shares shall vest on the first anniversary of the grant date; and

(ii) 6.25%
of the shares shall vest each quarter thereafter.

Additional
Terms/Acknowledgement: You acknowledge receipt of, and understand and agree to, this Grant Notice, the Stock Option Agreement and
the Plan. You further acknowledge that, as of the Grant Date, this Grant Notice, the Stock Option Agreement, the Plan, and that certain
Employment Agreement, dated February 12, 2025, by and between you and the Company (the Employment Agreement)
set forth the entire understanding between you and the Company regarding the Option. In the event of a conflict between the terms of
the Employment Agreement and the Grant Notice, Stock Option Agreement or Plan, the terms of the Employment Agreement shall control and
supersede the conflicting terms of the Grant Notice, Stock Option Agreement and Plan.

ALGORHYTHM
HOLDINGS, INC. PARTICIPANT

By: 

Alex
Andre

Its: 2/13/2025 Date: 2/13/2025

Attachments:

1.
Stock Option Agreement

2.
2022 Equity Incentive Plan

*
See Sections 3 and 4 of the Stock Option Agreement.

ALGORHYTHM
HOLDINGS, INC.

STOCK
OPTION AGREEMENT

Pursuant
to your Stock Option Grant Notice (the Grant Notice) and this Stock Option Agreement (this Agreement),
Algorhythm Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), has granted you an Option under the Companys
2022 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan) to purchase the number of shares of the Companys Common Stock
indicated in your Grant Notice (the Shares) at the exercise price indicated in your Grant Notice. Capitalized
terms not defined in this Agreement but defined in the Plan have the same definitions as in the Plan.

The
details of the Option are as follows:

1.
Vesting and Exercisability. Subject to the limitations contained herein, the Option will vest and become exercisable as provided
in your Grant Notice, provided that vesting will cease upon your Termination of Service and the unvested portion of the Option will terminate
on such date.

2.
Securities Law Compliance. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, you may not exercise the Option unless the Shares
issuable upon exercise are registered under the Securities Act or, if such Shares are not then so registered, the Company has determined
that such exercise and issuance would be exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The exercise of the Option
must also comply with other applicable laws and regulations governing the Option, and you may not exercise the Option if the Company
determines that such exercise would not be in material compliance with such laws and regulations.

3.
Incentive Stock Option Qualification. If so designated in your Grant Notice, all or a portion of the Option is intended to qualify
as an Incentive Stock Option under federal income tax law, but the Company does not represent or guarantee that the Option qualifies
as such. If the Option has been designated as an Incentive Stock Option and the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined as of the grant
date) of the shares of Common Stock subject to the portions of the Option and all other Incentive Stock Options you hold that first become
exercisable during any calendar year exceeds $100,000, any excess portion will be treated as a Nonqualified Stock Option, unless the
Internal Revenue Service changes the rules and regulations governing the $100,000 limit for Incentive Stock Options. A portion of the
Option may be treated as a Nonqualified Stock Option if certain events cause exercisability of the Option to accelerate.

4.
Notice of Disqualifying Disposition. To the extent the Option has been designated as an Incentive Stock Option, to obtain certain
tax benefits afforded to Incentive Stock Options, you must hold the Shares issued upon the exercise of the Option for two years after
the Grant Date and one year after the date of exercise. By accepting the Option, you agree to promptly notify the Company if you dispose
of any of the Shares within one year from the date you exercise all or part of the Option or within two years from the Grant Date.

5.
Alternative Minimum Tax. You may be subject to the alternative minimum tax at the time of exercise of an Incentive Stock Option.

6.
Independent Tax Advice. You should obtain tax advice when exercising the Option and prior to the disposition of the Shares.

7.
Method of Exercise. You may exercise the Option by giving written notice to the Company, in form and substance satisfactory to
the Company, which will state your election to exercise the Option and the number of Shares for which you are exercising the Option.
The written notice must be accompanied by full payment of the exercise price for the number of Shares you are purchasing. You may make
this payment in any combination of the following: (a) by cash; (b) by check or wire transfer; (c) having the Company withhold shares
of Common Stock that would otherwise be issued on exercise of a Nonqualified Stock Option that have an aggregate Fair Market Value equal
to the aggregate exercise price of the shares being purchased under the Option; (d) tendering (either actually or, if and for as long
as the Common Stock is registered under Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, by attestation) shares of Common Stock owned by the
Participant that have an aggregate Fair Market Value equal to the aggregate exercise price of the shares being purchased under the Option;
(e) if and so long as the Common Stock is registered under Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, and to the extent permitted by
law, delivery of a properly executed exercise agreement or notice, together with irrevocable instructions to a brokerage firm designated
or approved by the Company to deliver promptly to the Company the aggregate amount of proceeds to pay the Option exercise price and any
tax withholding obligations that may arise in connection with the exercise, all in accordance with the regulations of the Federal Reserve
Board; or (f) such other consideration as the Committee may permit.

8.
Market Standoff. You agree that any Shares received upon exercise of the Option will be subject to the market standoff restrictions
on transfer set forth in the Plan.

9.
Treatment Upon Termination of Employment or Service Relationship. Except as otherwise provided in that certain Employment Agreement,
dated February 12, 2025, by and between you and the Company, the unvested portion of the Option will terminate automatically and without
further notice immediately upon your Termination of Service. You may exercise the vested portion of the Option as follows:

(a)
General Rule. You must exercise the vested portion of the Option on or before the earlier of (i) three months after your Termination
of Service and (ii) the Option Expiration Date.

(b)
Retirement or Disability. In the event of your Termination of Service due to Retirement or disability, you must exercise the vested
portion of the Option on or before the earlier of (i) one year after your Termination of Service and (ii) the Option Expiration Date.

(c)
Death. In the event of your Termination of Service due to your death, the vested portion of the Option must be exercised on or
before the earlier of (i) one year after your Termination of Service and (ii) the Option Expiration Date. If you die after your Termination
of Service but while the Option is still exercisable, the vested portion of the Option may be exercised until the earlier of (x) one
year after the date of death and (y) the Option Expiration Date.

(d)
Cause. The vested portion of the Option will automatically expire at the time the Company first notifies you of your Termination
of Service for Cause, unless the Committee otherwise. If your employment or service relationship is suspended pending an investigation
of whether you will be terminated for Cause, all your rights under the Option likewise will be suspended during the period of investigation.
If any facts that would constitute termination for Cause are discovered after your Termination of Service, any Option you then hold may
be immediately terminated by the Committee.

-2-

The
Option must be exercised within three months after termination of employment for reasons other than death or disability and one year
after termination of employment due to disability to qualify for the beneficial tax treatment afforded Incentive Stock Options. For purposes
of the preceding, disability has the meaning attributed to that term for purposes of Section 422 of the Code.

It
is your responsibility to be aware of the date the Option terminates.

10.
Limited Transferability. During your lifetime only you can exercise the Option. The Option is not transferable except by will
or by the applicable laws of descent and distribution. The Plan provides for exercise of the Option by a beneficiary designated on a
Company-approved form or the personal representative of your estate. Notwithstanding the foregoing and to the extent permitted by the
Plan and Section 422 of the Code, the Committee, in its sole discretion, may permit you to assign or transfer the Option, subject to
such terms and conditions as specified by the Committee.

11.
Withholding Taxes. As a condition to the exercise of any portion of the Option, you must make such arrangements as the Company
may require for the satisfaction of any federal, state, local or foreign tax withholding obligations that may arise in connection with
such exercise.

12.
Option Not an Employment or Service Contract. Nothing in the Plan or this Agreement will be deemed to constitute an employment
contract or confer or be deemed to confer any right for you to continue in the employ of, or to continue any other relationship with,
the Company or any Related Company or limit in any way the right of the Company or any Related Company to terminate your employment or
other relationship at any time, with or without Cause.

13.
No Right to Damages. You will have no right to bring a claim or to receive damages if you are required to exercise the vested
portion of the Option within three months (one year in the case of Retirement, Disability or death) of your Termination of Service or
if any portion of the Option is cancelled or expires unexercised. The loss of existing or potential profit in the Option will not constitute
an element of damages in the event of your Termination of Service for any reason even if the termination is in violation of an obligation
of the Company or a Related Company to you.

14.
Binding Effect. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company and be binding upon you
and your heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns.

15.
Section 409A Compliance. Notwithstanding any provision in the Plan or this Agreement to the contrary, the Committee may, at any
time and without your consent, modify the terms of the Option as it determines appropriate to avoid the imposition of interest or penalties
under Section 409A of the Code; provided, however, that the Committee makes no representations that the Option shall be exempt from or
comply with Section 409A of the Code and makes no undertaking to preclude Section 409A of the Code from applying to the Option.

-3-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex10-3.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.3

RESTRICTED
STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT

This
Restricted Stock Award Agreement (this Agreement) is made and entered into as of February 13, 2025 (the Grant
Date) by and between Algorhythm Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company) and Alex Andre (the
Grantee).

WHEREAS,
the Company has adopted the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan) pursuant to which awards of Restricted Stock may
be granted; and

WHEREAS,
the Committee has determined that it is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders to grant the award of Restricted Stock
provided for herein.

NOW,
THEREFORE, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, agree as follows:

1. Grant
of Restricted Stock. Pursuant to the terms of the Plan, the Company hereby issues to the Grantee on the Grant Date a Restricted Stock
Award consisting of, in the aggregate, 23,818 shares (the Restricted Stock) of common stock of the Company, par
value $0.01 per share (the Common Stock), on the terms and conditions and subject to the restrictions set forth
in this Agreement and the Plan. Capitalized terms that are used but not defined herein have the meanings ascribed to them in the Plan.

2. Consideration.
The grant of the Restricted Stock is made pursuant to the terms of that certain Employment Agreement, dated February 12, 2025, by and
between the Company and Grantee (the Employment Agreement).

3. Restricted
Period; Vesting. Except as otherwise provided herein, provided that the Grantee remains in Continuous Service through the applicable
vesting date, the shares of Restricted Stock will vest in accordance with the following schedule: (a) twenty-five percent (25%) of the
shares of Restricted Stock shall vest on the first anniversary of the Effective Date; and (b) six and one-quarter percent (6.25%) of
the shares of Restricted Stock shall vest each quarter thereafter. The period over which the Restricted Stock vests is referred to as
the Restricted Period.

4. Restrictions.
Subject to any exceptions set forth in this Agreement or the Plan, during the Restricted Period, the unvested shares of Restricted Stock
(the Unvested Shares) or the rights relating thereto may not be assigned, alienated, pledged, attached, sold or
otherwise transferred or encumbered by the Grantee. Any attempt to assign, alienate, pledge, attach, sell or otherwise transfer or encumber
the Unvested Shares or the rights relating thereto during the Restricted Period shall be wholly ineffective and void.

5.Rights as Shareholder; Dividends.

5.1 The
Grantee shall be the record owner of the Restricted Stock until the shares of Common Stock are sold or otherwise disposed of, and shall
be entitled to all of the rights of a shareholder of the Company including, without limitation, the right to vote such shares and receive
all dividends or other distributions paid with respect to such shares.

5.2 The
Company may issue stock certificates or evidence the Grantees interest by using a restricted book entry account with the Companys
transfer agent. Physical possession or custody of any stock certificates that are issued shall be retained by the Company until such
time as shares of Restricted Stock vest (Vested Shares). Upon any Unvested Shares becoming Vested Shares, all restrictions
shall be removed from the certificates representing such Unvested Shares and the Company shall deliver to the Grantee certificates representing
such Vested Shares free and clear of all restrictions (except for any applicable securities law restrictions) within 10 business days
following the date such Unvested Shares became Vested Shares.

6. No
Right to Continued Service. Neither the Plan nor this Agreement shall confer upon the Grantee any right to be retained in any position,
as an Employee, Consultant or Director of the Company. Further, nothing in the Plan or this Agreement shall be construed to limit the
discretion of the Company to terminate the Grantees Continuous Service at any time, with or without Cause.

7. Tax
Liability. The ultimate liability for all income taxes and other taxes (Tax-Related Items) is and remains the
Grantees responsibility and the Company (a) makes no representation or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related
Items in connection with the grant or vesting of the Restricted Stock or the subsequent sale of any shares; and (b) does not commit to
structure the Restricted Stock to reduce or eliminate the Grantees liability for Tax-Related Items.

8. Section
83(b) Election. The Grantee may make an election under Code Section 83(b) (a Section 83(b) Election) with respect
to the Restricted Stock. Any such election must be made within thirty (30) days after the Grant Date. If the Grantee elects to make a
Section 83(b) Election, the Grantee shall provide the Company with a copy of an executed version and satisfactory evidence of the filing
of the executed Section 83(b) Election with the US Internal Revenue Service. The Grantee agrees to assume full responsibility for ensuring
that the Section 83(b) Election is actually and timely filed with the US Internal Revenue Service and for all tax consequences resulting
from the Section 83(b) Election.

9. Compliance
with Law. The issuance and transfer of shares of Restricted Stock shall be subject to compliance by the Company and the Grantee with
all applicable requirements of federal and state securities laws and with all applicable requirements of any stock exchange on which
the Companys shares of Common Stock may be listed. No shares of Restricted Stock shall be issued or transferred unless and until
any then applicable requirements of state and federal laws and regulatory agencies have been fully complied with to the satisfaction
of the Company and its counsel. The Grantee understands that, except as otherwise provided in the Employment Agreement, the Company is
under no obligation to register the shares of Restricted Stock with the Securities and Exchange Commission, any state securities commission
or any stock exchange to effect such compliance.

10. Legends.
A legend may be placed on any certificate(s) or other document(s) delivered to the Grantee indicating restrictions on transferability
of the shares of Restricted Stock pursuant to this Agreement or any other restrictions that the Committee may deem advisable under the
rules, regulations and other requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission, any applicable federal or state securities laws
or any stock exchange on which the shares of Common Stock are then listed or quoted.

2

11. Notices.
Any notice required to be delivered to the Company under this Agreement shall be in writing and addressed to the Secretary of the Company
at the Companys principal corporate offices. Any notice required to be delivered to the Grantee under this Agreement shall be
in writing and addressed to the Grantee at the Grantees address as shown in the records of the Company. Either party may designate
another address in writing (or by such other method approved by the Company) from time to time.

12. Governing
Law. This Agreement will be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida without regard to conflict
of law principles.

13. Interpretation.
Any dispute regarding the interpretation of this Agreement shall be submitted by the Grantee or the Company to the Committee for review
and resolution in its reasonable discretion. The resolution of such dispute by the Committee shall be final and binding on the Grantee
and the Company.

14. Restricted
Stock Subject to Plan. This Agreement is subject to the Plan as approved by the Companys shareholders. The terms and provisions
of the Plan as it may be amended from time to time are hereby incorporated herein by reference. In the event of a conflict between any
term or provision contained herein and a term or provision of the Plan, the applicable terms and provisions of the Plan will govern and
prevail. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of a conflict between the terms of the Employment Agreement and the Restricted Stock
Award or Plan, the terms of the Employment Agreement shall control and supersede the conflicting terms of the Restricted Stock Award
and Plan.

15. Successors
and Assigns. The Company may assign any of its rights under this Agreement. This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the
benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company. Subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth herein, this Agreement will be
binding upon the Grantee and the Grantees beneficiaries, executors, administrators and the person(s) to whom the Restricted Stock
may be transferred by will or the laws of descent or distribution.

16. Severability.
The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of the Plan or this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of
any other provision of the Plan or this Agreement, and each provision of the Plan and this Agreement shall be severable and enforceable
to the extent permitted by law.

17. Discretionary
Nature of Plan. The Plan is discretionary and may be amended, cancelled or terminated by the Company at any time, in its discretion.
The grant of the Restricted Stock in this Agreement does not create any contractual right or other right to receive any Restricted Stock
or other Awards in the future. Future awards, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company. Any amendment, modification, or
termination of the Plan shall not constitute a change or impairment of the terms and conditions of the Grantees employment with
the Company.

18. No
Impact on Other Benefits. The value of the Grantees Restricted Stock is not part of their normal or expected compensation
for purposes of calculating any severance, retirement, welfare, insurance or similar employee benefit.

19. Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together will constitute one
and the same instrument. Counterpart signature pages to this Agreement transmitted by facsimile transmission, by electronic mail in portable
document format (.pdf), or by any other electronic means intended to preserve the original graphic and pictorial appearance of a document,
will have the same effect as physical delivery of the paper document bearing an original signature.

20. Acceptance.
The Grantee hereby acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan and this Agreement. The Grantee has read and understands the terms and
provisions thereof, and accepts the Restricted Stock subject to all of the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement. The Grantee
acknowledges that there may be adverse tax consequences upon the grant or vesting of the Restricted Stock or disposition of the underlying
shares and that the Grantee has been advised to consult a tax advisor prior to such grant, vesting or disposition.

[SIGNATURE
PAGE FOLLOWS]

3

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written.

ALGORHYTHM
HOLDINGS, INC.

By: 

Name: Gary Atkinson

Title: CEO

ALEX
ANDRE

Alex
Andre

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.1

FOR
IMMEDIATE RELEASE

Algorhythm
Holdings Appoints Alex Andre as Chief Financial Officer

Fort
Lauderdale, FL, February 18, 2025 Algorhythm Holdings, Inc. (Algorhythm) (NASDAQ: RIME), an AI-driven
technology and consumer electronics holding company, today announced the appointment of Alex Andre as the Companys
Chief Financial Officer and General Counsel. In this role, Mr. Andre will be a key thought partner to the executive leadership team and
will be responsible for all corporate finance and legal functions, including audit, accounting, tax, treasury, cash management, financial
planning and analysis, and reporting.

Mr.
Andre brings nearly 25 years of executive management, financial, legal and operational experience to Algorhythm Holdings. For the past
18 years, he has served as the Chief Financial Officer for high-growth, public and private companies operating in a variety of industries
and ranging in size from pre-revenue to hundreds of millions of dollars in revenue. In most instances, he also served as their General
Counsel.

Mr.
Andre most recently served as the Chief Financial Officer of Lemnature AquaFarms Corporation, a plant-based ingredients manufacturer
for the food, beverage and nutrition markets. Prior to that, he served as the Chief Financial Officer and General Counsel of M.H. Enterprises,
the owner and franchisor of the Teriyaki Madness restaurant brand that had more than 115 fast-casual restaurants
operating across the country and internationally. Before that, he served as the Chief Financial Officer and General Counsel of ARC Group,
Inc., a national, publicly-traded restaurant holding company that, directly and through affiliated entities, owned restaurants operating
across six different brands that he helped grow from $20M to $215M in annualized revenue during his time there.

Earlier
in his career, Mr. Andre served as an accountant for KPMG LLP before serving as a corporate & securities attorney for regional and
international law firms.

Gary
Atkinson, the Companys CEO, commented, Im excited to have Alex join our management team. He has a proven record
over two decades of financial and legal leadership across a multitude of public and private complex enterprises. Im confident
he can help us accelerate our strategic shift into high growth opportunities with SemiCab. Alexs experience in organizations that
have been through this stage of growth will be an asset for our organization.

I
am very excited to join Algorhythm Holdings at such an exciting time, stated Mr. Andre. The Company has incredible opportunities
in front of it, both organic and inorganic, that set the stage for an aggressive growth phase. I look forward to implementing operational
excellence and rigor across the organization by ensuring that we have the governance, process, technology and talent in place to facilitate
our expected growth. I also look forward to working with Gary and the team to continue building on the momentum the Company has achieved
and creating value for our shareholders.

About
Algorhythm Holdings

Algorhythm
Holdings, Inc. is a holding company with two primary investments. First, the Company owns SemiCab Holdings, an emerging leader in the
AI-enabled global logistics industry. Second, the Company owns The Singing Machine Company, the worldwide leader in the consumer karaoke
industry.

SemiCab
is a cloud-based Collaborative Transportation Platform built to achieve the scalability required to predict and optimize millions
of loads and hundreds of thousands of trucks. To orchestrate collaboration across manufacturers, retailers, distributors, and their carriers,
SemiCab uses real-time data from API-based load tendering and pre-built integrations with TMS and ELD partners. To build fully loaded
round trips, SemiCab uses AI/ML predictions and advanced predictive optimization models. On the SemiCab platform, shippers pay less and
carriers make more while not having to change a thing.

Since
2020, SemiCab has enabled major retailers, brands and transportation providers to address these common supply-chain problems globally.
SemiCabs Orchestrated Collaboration AI model has proven to increase transportation capacity, improve asset utilization,
reduce empty miles, lower logistics costs, and provide visibility into the entire transportation network. Models show the technology
has the capability of saving shippers tens of billions of dollars annually through optimization. Further, SemiCabs technology
also has the potential to play a key role in the improved sustainability model globally. Based on its proven ability to improve truck
utilization rates from 65% to over 90%, this results in a dramatic reduction in the carbon footprint of the industry. The optimization
of existing truck utilization can add approximately 30% more trucking capacity without adding more trucks, drivers or driven miles which
addresses common problems plaguing the industry like severe driver shortage and road congestion. Trucking optimization could also eliminate
approximately 25% of CO2 emissions attributable to road freight.

For
additional information regarding SemiCab: http://www.semicab.com

The
Singing Machine Company, Inc. is the worldwide leader in consumer karaoke products. Based in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, and founded
over forty years ago, the Company designs and distributes the industrys widest assortment of at-home and in-car karaoke entertainment
products. Their portfolio is marketed under both proprietary brands and popular licenses, including Carpool Karaoke and Sesame Street.
Singing Machine products incorporate the latest technology and provide access to over 100,000 songs for streaming through its mobile
app and select WiFi-capable products and is also developing the worlds first globally available, fully integrated in-car karaoke
system. The Company also has a new philanthropic initiative, CARE-eoke by Singing Machine, to focus on the social impact of karaoke
for children and adults of all ages who would benefit from singing. Their products are sold in over 25,000 locations worldwide, including
Amazon, Costco, Sams Club, Target, and Walmart. To learn more, go to www.singingmachine.com.

Investor
Relations Contact:

investors@algoholdings.com

www.algoholdings.com

Forward
Looking Statements

This
press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section
27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Any statement that
is not historical in nature is a forward-looking statement and may be identified by the use of words and phrases such as expects,
anticipates, believes, will, will likely result, will continue,
plans to, potential, promising, and similar expressions. These statements are based on managements
current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results
to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, including the risk factors described from time to time in
the Companys reports with the SEC, including, without limitation the Companys Transition Report on Form 10-KT for the transition
period from April 1, 2023 to December 31, 2023, and the Companys Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September
30, 2024.

You
should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement, each of which applies only as of the date of this press release. Except
as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this
press release to conform our statements to actual results or changed expectations, or as a result of new information, future events or
otherwise.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex10-2_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex10-2_002.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ex10-3_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ex10-3_002.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>rime-20250213.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>rime-20250213_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>rime-20250213_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 13, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 13, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41405

Entity Registrant Name ALGORHYTHM
HOLDINGS, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0000923601

Entity Tax Identification Number 95-3795478

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 6301
NW 5th Way

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 2900

Entity Address, City or Town Fort
Lauderdale

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 33309

City Area Code (954)

Local Phone Number 596-1000

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
stock, par value $0.01 per share

Trading Symbol RIME

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://singingmachine.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
rime-20250213.xsd 
rime-20250213_lab.xml 
rime-20250213_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-007217-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000923601 

2025-02-13 
2025-02-13 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0000923601 
8-K 
2025-02-13 
ALGORHYTHM HOLDINGS, INC. 
DE 
001-41405 
95-3795478 
6301 NW 5th Way 
Suite 2900 
Fort Lauderdale 
FL 
33309 
(954) 
596-1000 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, par value $0.01 per share 
RIME 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>