<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001477932-25-000944.txt : 20250213
<SEC-HEADER>0001477932-25-000944.hdr.sgml : 20250213
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250213113250
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-25-000944
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		87
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250210
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Control of Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Change in Shell Company Status
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250213
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250213

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NFiniTi inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001544400
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OIL AND GAS FIELD EXPLORATION SERVICES [1382]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				990372611
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1031

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-180164
		FILM NUMBER:		25618318

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		80 W. LIBERTY STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 880
		CITY:			RENO
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89501
		BUSINESS PHONE:		778-372-9794

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		80 W. LIBERTY STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 880
		CITY:			RENO
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89501

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	American Oil & Gas Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120309
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>nftn_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?nftn_8k.htm

0001544400false7702700015444002025-02-102025-02-10iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 10, 2025

NFiniTi inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation)

000-52273

(Commission File Number)

88-0435998

(IRS Employer Identification No.)

80 W. Liberty Street, Suite 880

Reno, Nevada89501

(Address of principal executive offices)(Zip Code)

(778) 372-9794

Registrants telephone number, including area code

Pampana 18, La Cruz, C.P. 63734

La Cruz de Huanacaxtle

Navarit, Mexico

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by checkmark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS

This Current Report on Form 8-K contains forward looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, principally in the sections entitled Description of Business, Risk Factors, and Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. All statements other than statements of historical fact contained in this Form 8-K, including statements regarding future events, our future financial performance, business strategy and plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. We have attempted to identify forward-looking statements by terminology including anticipates, believes, can, continue, could, estimates, expects, intends, may, plans, potential, predicts, should, or will or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. Although we do not make forward looking statements unless we believe we have a reasonable basis for doing so, we cannot guarantee their accuracy. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the risks outlined under Risk Factors or elsewhere in this Form 8-K, which may cause our or our industrys actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time and it is not possible for us to predict all risk factors, nor can we address the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause our actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements included in this document are based on information available to us on the date hereof, and we assumes no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements.

You should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement, each of which applies only as of the date of this Form 8-K. Before you invest in our securities, you should be aware that the occurrence of the events described in the section entitled Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Form 8-K could negatively affect our business, operating results, financial condition and stock price. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this Form 8-K to conform our statements to actual results or changed expectations.

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

On February 10, 2025, the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (the Share Exchange Agreement), by and among the Company, Artisan Beverages, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Artisan Beverages), and the holders of common shares of Artisan Beverages. The holders of the common stock of Artisan Beverages consisted of 1 stockholder, Summit Consumer Products Inc., a British Columbia corporation (Summit Consumer Products). Summit Consumer Products has 106 stockholders. The agreements and transactions pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement were consummated on February 13, 2025.

Under the terms and conditions of the Share Exchange Agreement, the Company offered, sold and issued 15,788,578,500 shares of common stock in consideration for all the issued and outstanding shares in Artisan Beverages. Summit Consumer Products, Artisan Beveragess sole stockholder, is the beneficial holder of 100 shares of common stock, or 100%, of the issued and outstanding shares of Artisan Beverages. The issuance of the 15,788,578,500 shares issued to Artisan Beverages under the Share Exchange Agreement represents 99.2% of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company. Summit Consumer Products has 106 shareholders, six of whom are now beneficial holders of 5% or more of the issued and outstanding common stock of the Company.

Brian Johnston is the President and Chief Executive Officer of both Artisan Beverages and Summit Consumer Products. In connection with the Share Exchange Agreement, Brian Johnston was appointed President, Chief Executive Officer, President, Secretary and Treasurer and director of the Company, and Neville Joanes was appointed director. Michael Noble resigned his positions as President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer of the Company, but remains as a director.

Immediately prior to the closing of the transactions under the Share Exchange Agreement, Mr. Johnston was the beneficial holder of 20,558,928 shares of common stock, or 32.5%, of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of Artisan Beverages. Giving effect to the closing of the transactions under the Share Exchange Agreement, Mr. Johnston acquired 5,139,732,000 shares of common stock, or 32.2% beneficial ownership, of the Company, by virtue of his 32.5% beneficial ownership of Summit Consumer Products. The remaining 105 common shareholders of Summit Consumer Products acquired 10,648,846,500 shares of common stock under the Share Exchange Agreement, by virtue of their aggregate of 67.5% beneficial ownership of Artisan Beverages.

2

Artisan Beverages was incorporated on June 5, 2023, in the Delaware. The business of Artisan Beverages is now our principal business. Artisan Beverages is an alcoholic beverage company that specializes in producing ready-to-drink cocktails. Artisan Beverages holds the exclusive license to manufacture TGI Fridays-branded beverages in countries across the Western Hemisphere. Additionally, Artisan Beverages owns the Tipsy Tails brand, which features a variety of canned cocktails. The company intends to initiate production in the eastern United States and Mexico, with plans for future expansion into Central America.

Our executive offices are located at Pampana 18, La Cruz, C.P. 63734, La Cruz de Huanacaxtle, Navarit, Mexico, and our telephone number is +52 3221984348.

Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets

The information disclosed in Item 1.01 of this Form 8-K is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 2.01.

As described in Item 1.01 above, on we completed the acquisition of Artisan Beverages pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement. The disclosures in Item 1.01 of this Form 8-K regarding the transactions contemplated by the Share Exchange Agreement are incorporated herein by reference in its entirety.

FORM 10 DISCLOSURE

The Company was a shell company (as such term is defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act) immediately before the completion of the transactions contemplated by the Share Exchange Agreement. Accordingly, pursuant to the requirements of Item 2.01(f) of Form 8-K, set forth below is the information that would be required if the Company was required to file a general form for registration of securities on Form 10 under the Exchange Act with respect to its common stock, which is the only class of the Companys securities subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act upon consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Share Exchange Agreement. The information provided below relates to the combined operations of the Company after the acquisition of Artisan Beverages, except that information relating to periods prior to the date of the reverse acquisition only relate to Artisan Beverages and its consolidated subsidiaries unless otherwise specifically indicated.

Our Corporate History and Background

The Company was incorporated on January 23, 2012, under the laws of the State of Nevada, under the name American Oil and Gas Inc. The Company changed its name to NFiniTi inc. on December 30, 2021. 

Michael Noble has served as Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and a director since October 30, 2020. On February 10, 2025, Brian Johnston acquired approximately 5,139,732,000, or approximately 32.3%, of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company on such date. 

Effective February 13, 2025, Brian Johnston was appointed as President, Secretary, and Treasurer and a Director of the Company, and Neville Joanes was appointed a director of the Company. Effective February 13, 2025, Michael Noble resigned his offices as Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Treasurer, but remains as a director, with Messrs. Johnston and Joanes.

The Company does not have any current plans, arrangements, discussions or intentions, whether written or oral, to engage in a merger or acquisition with an identified or unidentified company or person to be used as a vehicle for a private company to become a reporting company.

From inception until November 24, 2021, was to locate and lease existing wells for reactivation for the production of oil and gas that we would then sell, through an operator, to oil and gas brokers and gatherers. The plan also included the idea that gas sometimes may be sold directly to the public utility companies. From November 24, 2021, February 10, 2025, when we completed our reverse acquisition of Artisan Beverages, our business was to pursue other business opportunities to increase shareholder value.

3

Reverse Acquisition of Artisan Beverages

On February 10, 2025, the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (the Share Exchange Agreement), by and among the Company, Artisan Beverages, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Artisan Beverages), and the holders of common shares of Artisan Beverages. The holders of the common stock of Artisan Beverages consisted of 1 stockholder, Summit Consumer Products Inc., a British Columbia corporation (Summit Consumer Products). Summit Consumer Products has 106 stockholders.

Under the terms and conditions of the Share Exchange Agreement, the Company offered, sold and issued 15,788,578,500 shares of common stock in consideration for all the issued and outstanding shares in Artisan Beverages. Summit Consumer Products, Artisan Beveragess sole stockholder, is the beneficial holder of 100 shares of common stock, or 100%, of the issued and outstanding shares of Artisan Beverages. The issuance of the 15,788,578,500 shares issued to Artisan Beverages under the Share Exchange Agreement represents 99.2% of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company. Summit Consumer Products has 106 shareholders, six of whom are now beneficial holders of 5% or more of the issued and outstanding common stock of the Company.

Brian Johnston was the President and Chief Executive Officer of both Artisan Beverages and Summit Consumer Products.

Immediately prior to the closing of the transactions under the Share Exchange Agreement, Mr. Johnston was the beneficial holder of 20,558,928 shares of common stock, or 32.5%, of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of Artisan Beverages. Giving effect to the closing of the transactions under the Share Exchange Agreement, Mr. Johnston acquired 5,139,732,000 shares of common stock, or 32.2% beneficial ownership, of the Company, by virtue of his 32.5% beneficial ownership of Summit Consumer Products. The remaining 105 common shareholders of Summit Consumer Products acquired 10,648,846,500 shares of common stock under the Share Exchange Agreement, by virtue of their aggregate of 67.5% beneficial ownership of Artisan Beverages.

As a result of the closing of the Share Exchange Agreement, Artisan Beverages is now a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. 

The share exchange transaction with Artisan Beverages was treated as a reverse acquisition, with Artisan Beverages as the acquiror and the Company as the acquired party. Unless the context suggests otherwise, when we refer in this Form 8-K to business and financial information for periods prior to the consummation of the reverse acquisition, we are referring to the business and financial information of Artisan Beverages.

Organization & Subsidiaries

We have one operating subsidiary, Artisan Beverages, Inc., a Delaware corporation.

Overview of Artisan Beverages

Our wholly owned subsidiary, Artisan Beverages was incorporated on June 5, 2023, in the Delaware.

The business of Artisan Beverages is now the principal business of the Company. Artisan Beverages is a alcoholic beverage company that specializes in producing ready-to-drink cocktails. They hold the exclusive license to manufacture TGI Fridays-branded beverages across the Western Hemisphere. Our strategy to grow our business is to contact and enter into agreements with manufacturers and distributors in each country where we have a license to sell TGI Fridays beverages, and then market and sell those beverages in such countries. Our ability to create, maintain and expand a distribution network and attract additional distributors, retailers and brokers will depend on a number of factors. Some of these factors include (i) the level of demand for our brands and products in a particular distribution area; (ii) our ability to price our products at levels competitive with those of competing products, and (iii) our ability to deliver products in the quantity and at the time ordered by distributors, retailers and brokers. Part of our growth strategy is to create a system to garner and analyze the information needed to accurately understand these factors.

4

Artisan Beverages principal administrative offices are located at Pampana 18, La Cruz, C.P. 63734, La Cruz de Huanacaxtle, Navarit, Mexico, and our telephone number is +52 3221984348. 

Summary Financial Information

The tables and information below are derived from our audited financial statements as of October 31, 2024.

October 31, 2024 

Financial Summary 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

$ 

-0- 

Total Assets 

-0- 

Total Liabilities 

(190,452) 

Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

$ 

-0- 

Business and Products

We plan to manufacture, through third party facilities, and distribute several brands of alcoholic beverages. We intend to own some beverage brands while managing other beverage brands. Artisan Beverages is a alcoholic beverage company that specializes in producing ready-to-drink cocktails. They hold the exclusive license to manufacture TGI Fridays-branded beverages across the Western Hemisphere. Additionally, Artisan owns the Tipsy Tails brand, which features a variety of canned cocktails. The company intends to initiate production in the eastern United States and Mexico, with plans for future expansion into Central America.

Artisan Beverages was originally incorporated in the State of Delaware for the purpose of acquiring the rights under a license agreement with TGI Fridays Inc. (TGI Fridays) for the right to use the TGI Fridays brand in connection with manufacturing and selling certain beverages. 

Our license agreement with TGI Fridays, grants us an exclusive license to manufacture, market, distribute and sell TGI Fridays alcoholic beverages, including ready-to-drink malt and sugar brew alcohol-based beverages packaged for sale in traditional department, mid-tier and specialty stores, direct mail catalogs, mass merchant retail establishments, warehouse clubs, grocery stores, national drug store chains, and convenience stores.

Strategy

Our strategy to grow our business is to contact and enter into agreements with manufacturers and distributors in each country where we have a license to sell TGI Fridays beverages, and then market and sell those beverages in such countries. Our ability to create, maintain and expand a distribution network and attract additional distributors, retailers and brokers will depend on a number of factors. Some of these factors include (i) the level of demand for our brands and products in a particular distribution area; (ii) our ability to price our products at levels competitive with those of competing products, and (iii) our ability to deliver products in the quantity and at the time ordered by distributors, retailers and brokers. Part of our growth strategy is to create a system to garner and analyze the information needed to accurately understand these factors.

Government Regulation and Approvals

We are not aware of any governmental regulations or approvals for any of our products. We do not believe that we are subject to any government regulations relating to the ownership and licensing of our intellectual property.

Employees

As of the date hereof, we have 1 non-employee officer, Brian Johnston, who operates our company. 

5

DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTIES

Our executive offices are located at Pampana 18, La Cruz, C.P. 63734, La Cruz de Huanacaxtle, Navarit, Mexico, and our telephone number is +52 3221984348. We do not own any real estate or other physical properties.

RISK FACTORS

You should carefully consider the risks described below together with all of the other information included in this Form 8-K before making an investment decision with regard to our securities. The statements contained in or incorporated herein that are not historic facts are forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in or implied by forward-looking statements. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be harmed. In that case, you may lose all or part of your investment.

RISKS RELATING TO OUR COMPANY

Our auditors have expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.

Our audited financial statements for the years ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, were prepared assuming that we will continue our operations as a going concern. Our wholly-owned subsidiary, Artisan Beverages, was incorporated on June 5, 2023, and had net revenues of $0, and a net loss of $156,322, at October 31, 2024. As a result, our independent accountants in their audit report have expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Continued operations are dependent on our ability to complete equity or debt financings or generate profitable operations. Such financings may not be available or may not be available on reasonable terms. Our financial statements do not include any adjustments that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

If our estimates related to future expenditures are erroneous or inaccurate, our business will fail and you could lose your entire investment.

Our success is dependent in part upon the accuracy of our managements estimates of our future cost expenditures for legal and accounting services (including those we expect to incur as a publicly reporting company), for website and mobile application marketing and development expenses, and for administrative expenses, which management estimates to be approximately $1,000,000 over the next twelve months. If such estimates are erroneous or inaccurate, or if we encounter unforeseen costs, we may not be able to carry out our business plan, which could result in the failure of our business and the loss of your entire investment.

6

Potential disputes related to the existing agreement pursuant to which we purchased the intellectual property rights underlying our business could result in the loss of rights that are material to our business.

The acquisition of the intellectual property of Artisan Beverages, by way of the Share Exchange Agreement, by and among the Company, Artisan Beverages, and the holders of common shares of Artisan Beverages, is of critical importance to our business and involves complex legal, business, and accounting issues. Although we have clear title to and no restrictions to use our intellectual property, disputes may arise regarding the Share Exchange Agreement, including but not limited to, the breaches of representations or other interpretation-related issues. If disputes over intellectual property that we have acquired under the Share Exchange Agreement prevent or impair our ability to maintain our current intellectual property, we may be unable to successfully develop and commercialize our business. 

If we are not able to develop out business as anticipated, we may not be able to generate meaningful revenues or achieve meaningful profitability and you may lose your investment.

Our wholly-owned subsidiary, Artisan Beverages, was incorporated on June 5, 2023, and our net loss for the years ended October 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, was $156,322 and $34,130 respectively. We have few customers, and we have earned limited revenues to date. Our business prospects are difficult to predict because of our limited operating history, and unproven marketing strategy. Our primary business activities will be focused on the operation of our beverage business. Although we believe that our business plan has significant profit potential, we may not attain profitable operations and our management may not succeed in realizing our business objectives. If we are not able to develop our business as anticipated, we may not be able to generate revenues or achieve profitability and you may lose your entire investment.

Potential disputes related to the existing agreement pursuant to which we purchased the intellectual property rights underlying our business could result in the loss of rights that are material to our business.

The acquisition of the intellectual property of Artisan Beverages, by way of the Share Exchange Agreement, by and among the Company, Artisan Beverages, and the holders of ordinary shares of Artisan Beverages, is of critical importance to our business and involves complex legal, business, and scientific issues. Although we have clear title to and no restrictions to use our intellectual property, disputes may arise regarding the Share Exchange Agreement, including but not limited to, the breaches of representations or other interpretation-related issues. If disputes over intellectual property that we have acquired under the Share Exchange Agreement prevent or impair our ability to maintain our current intellectual property, we may be unable to successfully develop and commercialize our business.

We expect to suffer losses in the immediate future that may cause us to curtail or discontinue our operations.

We expect to incur operating losses in future periods. These losses will occur because have limited revenues to offset the expenses associated with the development of brand and our business operations, generally. We cannot guarantee that we will ever be successful in generating revenues in the future. We recognize that if we are unable to generate meaningful revenues, we will not be able to earn profits or continue operations. There is no history upon which to base any assumption as to the likelihood that we will prove successful, and we can provide investors with no assurance that we will generate any operating revenues or ever achieve profitable operations. If we are unsuccessful in addressing these risks, our business will almost certainly fail.

We may not be able to execute our business plan or stay in business without additional funding.

Our ability to generate future operating revenues depends in part on whether we can obtain the financing necessary to implement our business plan. We will likely require additional financing through the issuance of debt and/or equity in order to establish profitable operations, and such financing may not be forthcoming. As widely reported, the global and domestic financial markets have been extremely volatile in recent months. If such conditions and constraints continue or if there is no investor appetite to finance our specific business, we may not be able to acquire additional financing through credit markets or equity markets. Even if additional financing is available, it may not be available on terms favorable to us. At this time, we have not identified or secured sources of additional financing. Our failure to secure additional financing when it becomes required will have an adverse effect on our ability to remain in business.

Demand for our products may be adversely affected by changes in consumer preferences or any inability on our part to innovate, market or distribute our products effectively, and any significant reduction in demand could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.

Our beverage portfolio is comprised of a number of unique brands with reputations and consumer imagery that have been built over time. Our investments in marketing as well as our strong commitment to product quality are intended to have a favorable impact on brand image and consumer preferences. If we do not adequately anticipate and react to changing demographics, consumer and economic trends, health concerns and product preferences, our financial results could be adversely affected.

Additionally, failure to introduce new brands, products or product extensions into the marketplace as current ones mature and to meet the changing preferences of consumers could prevent us from gaining market share and achieving long-term profitability. Product lifecycles can vary and consumer preferences and loyalties change over time. Although we try to anticipate these shifts and innovate new products to introduce to our consumers, we may not succeed. Consumer preferences also are affected by factors other than taste, such as health and nutrition considerations and obesity concerns, shifting consumer needs, changes in consumer lifestyles, increased consumer information and competitive product and pricing pressures. Sales of our products may be adversely affected by negative publicity associated with these issues. If we do not adequately anticipate or adjust to respond to these and other changes in consumer preferences, we may not be able to maintain and grow our brand image and our sales may be adversely affected.

7

We operate in a highly competitive industry and may face increased competition.

We operate in the beverage industry and face strong competition in terms of distribution, brand recognition, taste, quality, price, availability, and product positioning. The market is highly fragmented, and the resources of our competitors may increase due to mergers, consolidations or alliances, and we will face new competitors in the future. Our main competitors include a plethora of established and new beverage brands. In addition, as we seek to expand our market share and to penetrate into new markets, we may have difficulty competing. From time to time in response to competitive and customer pressures or to maintain market share, we may be forced to reduce our selling prices or increase or reallocate spending on marketing, advertising, or promotions in order to compete. These types of actions could decrease our profit margins. Such pressures may also restrict our ability to increase our selling prices in response to raw material and other cost increases. In light of the strong competition that we currently face, and which may intensify in the future, there can be no assurance that we will be able to increase the sales of our products or even maintain our past levels of sales, or that our profit margins will not be reduced. If we are unable to increase our product sales or to maintain our past levels of sales and profit margins, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be materially and adversely affected.

We compete in an industry that is brand-conscious, so brand name recognition and acceptance of our products are critical to our success.

Our business is dependent upon awareness and market acceptance of our products and brands by our target markets. In addition, our business depends on acceptance by our independent distributors and retailers of our brands as beverage brands that have the potential to provide incremental sales growth. If we are not successful in the revitalization and growth of our brand and product offerings, we may not achieve and maintain satisfactory levels of acceptance by independent distributors and retail consumers. Any failure of our brand to maintain or increase acceptance or market penetration would likely have a material adverse effect on our revenues and financial results.

Our business is subject to a variety of U.S. and foreign laws, many of which are unsettled and still developing and which could subject us to claims or otherwise harm our business.

We are subject to a variety of laws in the United States and abroad, including laws regarding the manufacturing, distribution, and marketing of alcoholic beverages, and consumer protection, that are frequently evolving and developing. The scope and interpretation of the laws that are or may be applicable to us are often uncertain and may be conflicting, particularly outside the United States. It is also likely that if our business grows and evolves and our solutions are used in a greater number of countries, we will become subject to laws and regulations in additional jurisdictions. It is difficult to predict how existing laws will be applied to our business and the new laws to which we may become subject.

If we are not able to comply with these laws or regulations or if we become liable under these laws or regulations, we could be directly harmed, and we may be forced to implement new measures to reduce our exposure to this liability. This may require us to expend substantial resources or to discontinue certain products or features, which would negatively affect our business. In addition, the increased attention focused upon liability issues as a result of lawsuits and legislative proposals could harm our reputation or otherwise impact the growth of our business. Any costs incurred to prevent or mitigate this potential liability could also harm our business and operating results.

Legislative or regulatory changes that affect our products, including new taxes, could reduce demand for products or increase our costs.

Taxes imposed on the sale of certain of our products by federal, state and local governments in the United States, or other countries in which we operate could cause consumers to shift away from purchasing our beverages. Several municipalities in the United States have implemented or are considering implementing taxes on the sale of certain sugared beverages, including non-diet soft drinks, fruit drinks, teas and flavored waters to help fund various initiatives. These taxes could materially affect our business and financial results.

8

Our reliance on distributors, retailers and brokers could affect our ability to efficiently and profitably distribute and market our products, maintain our existing markets and expand our business into other geographic markets.

Our ability to maintain and expand our existing markets for our products, and to establish markets in new geographic distribution areas, is dependent on our ability to establish and maintain successful relationships with reliable distributors, retailers and brokers strategically positioned to serve those areas. Most of our distributors, retailers and brokers sell and distribute competing products, including non-alcoholic and alcoholic beverages, and our products may represent a small portion of their businesses. The success of this network will depend on the performance of the distributors, retailers and brokers of this network. There is a risk that the mentioned entities may not adequately perform their functions within the network by, without limitation, failing to distribute to sufficient retailers or positioning our products in localities that may not be receptive to our product. Our ability to incentivize and motivate distributors to manage and sell our products is affected by competition from other beverage companies, some of which may have greater resources than we do. To the extent that our distributors, retailers and brokers are distracted from selling our products or do not employ sufficient efforts in managing and selling our products, including re-stocking the retail shelves with our products, our sales and results of operations could be adversely affected. Furthermore, such third-parties financial position or market share may deteriorate, which could adversely affect our distribution, marketing and sales activities.

Our ability to maintain and expand our distribution network and attract additional distributors, retailers and brokers will depend on a number of factors, some of which are outside our control, such as (i) the level of demand for our brands and products in a particular distribution area; (ii) our ability to price our products at levels competitive with those of competing products; and (iii) our ability to deliver products in the quantity and at the time ordered by distributors, retailers and brokers.

We may not be able to successfully manage all or any of these factors in any of our current or prospective geographic areas of distribution. Our inability to achieve success with regards to any of these factors in a geographic distribution area will have a material adverse effect on our relationships in that particular geographic area, thus limiting our ability to maintain or expand our market, which will likely adversely affect our revenues and financial results.

It is difficult to predict the timing and amount of our sales because our distributors are not required to place minimum orders with us.

Our independent distributors and national accounts are not required to place minimum monthly or annual orders for our products. In order to reduce their inventory costs, independent distributors typically order products from us on a just in time basis in quantities and at such times based on the demand for the products in a particular distribution area. Accordingly, we cannot predict the timing or quantity of purchases by any of our independent distributors or whether any of our distributors will continue to purchase products from us in the same frequencies and volumes as they may have done in the past. Additionally, our larger distributors and national partners may make orders that are larger than we have historically been required to fill. Shortages in inventory levels, supply of raw materials or other key supplies could negatively affect us.

If we fail to promote and maintain our brand in an effective and cost-efficient way, our business and results of operations may be harmed.

We believe that developing and maintaining awareness of our brand effectively is critical to attracting new and retaining existing customers. Successful promotion of our brand and our ability to attract customers depends largely on the effectiveness of our marketing efforts and the success of the channels we use to promote our services. It is likely that our future marketing efforts will require us to incur significant additional expenses. These efforts may not result in increased revenues in the immediate future or at all and, even if they do, any increases in revenues may not offset the expenses incurred. If we fail to successfully promote and maintain our brand while incurring substantial expenses, our results of operations and financial condition would be adversely affected, which may impair our ability to grow our business.

9

If we do not adequately manage our inventory levels, our operating results could be adversely affected.

We need to maintain adequate inventory levels to be able to deliver products to distributors on a timely basis. Our inventory supply depends on our ability to correctly estimate demand for our products. Our ability to estimate demand for our products is imprecise, particularly for new products, seasonal promotions and new markets. If we materially underestimate demand for our products or are unable to maintain sufficient inventory of raw materials, we might not be able to satisfy demand on a short-term basis. If we overestimate distributor or retailer demand for our products, we may end up with too much inventory, resulting in higher storage costs, increased trade spend and the risk of inventory spoilage. If we fail to manage our inventory to meet demand, we could damage our relationships with our distributors and retailers and could delay or lose sales opportunities, which would unfavorably impact our future sales and adversely affect our operating results. In addition, if the inventory of our products held by our distributors and retailers is too high, they will not place orders for additional products, which would also unfavorably impact our sales and adversely affect our operating results.

If we fail to maintain relationships with our independent contract manufacturers, our business could be harmed.

We do not manufacture TGI Fridays drinks but instead outsource the manufacturing process to third-party bottlers and independent contract manufacturers (co-packers). We do not own the plants or the majority of the equipment required to manufacture and package these brands. Our ability to maintain effective relationships with contract manufacturers and other third parties for the production and delivery of our beverage products in a particular geographic distribution area is important to the success of our operations within each distribution area. We may not be able to maintain our relationships with current contract manufacturers or establish satisfactory relationships with new or replacement contract manufacturers, whether in existing or new geographic distribution areas. The failure to establish and maintain effective relationships with contract manufacturers for a distribution area could increase our manufacturing costs and thereby materially reduce gross profits from the sale of our products in that area. Poor relations with any of our contract manufacturers could adversely affect the amount and timing of product delivered to our distributors for resale, which would in turn adversely affect our revenues and financial condition. In addition, our agreements with our contract manufacturers are terminable at any time, and any such termination could disrupt our ability to deliver products to our customers.

Disruption within our supply chain, contract manufacturing or distribution channels could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our ability, through our suppliers, business partners, contract manufacturers, independent distributors and retailers, to make, move and sell products is critical to our success. Damage or disruption to our suppliers or to manufacturing or distribution capabilities due to weather, natural disaster, fire or explosion, terrorism, pandemics such as influenza COVID-19, labor strikes or other reasons, could impair the manufacture, distribution and sale of our products. Many of these events are outside of our control. Failure to take adequate steps to protect against or mitigate the likelihood or potential impact of such events, or to effectively manage such events if they occur, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

The loss of the services of Brian Johnston, our Chief Executive Office and a director, and majority shareholder, or our failure to timely identify and retain competent personnel could negatively impact our ability to develop our website and sell our services.

We are highly dependent on Brian Johnston, who is our Chief Executive Officer and a director, and beneficially owns approximately 32.3% of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock. The development of our business will continue to place a significant strain on our limited personnel, management, and other resources. Our future success depends upon the continued services of our executive officers who are developing our business, and on our ability to identify and retain competent consultants and employees with the skills required to execute our business objectives. The loss of the services of Mr. Johnston or our failure to timely identify and retain competent personnel would negatively impact our ability to develop our business and license our brand, which could adversely affect our financial results and impair our growth.

We incur costs associated with SEC reporting compliance, which may significantly affect our financial condition.

The Company made the decision to become an SEC reporting company in order to comply with applicable laws and regulations. We incur certain costs of compliance with applicable SEC reporting rules and regulations including, but not limited to attorneys fees, accounting and auditing fees, other professional fees, financial printing costs and Sarbanes-Oxley compliance costs in an amount estimated at approximately $500,000 per year. On balance, the Company determined that the incurrence of such costs and expenses was preferable to the Company being in a position where it had very limited access to additional capital funding. 

10

We may be required to incur significant costs and require significant management resources to evaluate our internal control over financial reporting as required under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and any failure to comply or any adverse result from such evaluation may have an adverse effect on our stock price.

As a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, we are required to evaluate our internal control over financial reporting under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Section 404). Section 404 requires us to include an internal control report with our Annual Report on Form 10-K. This report must include managements assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of the fiscal year. This report must also include disclosure of any material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting that we have identified. Failure to comply, or any adverse results from such evaluation could result in a loss of investor confidence in our financial reports and have an adverse effect on the trading price of our equity securities. Achieving continued compliance with Section 404 may require us to incur significant costs and expend significant time and management resources. No assurance can be given that we will be able to fully comply with Section 404 or that we and our independent registered public accounting firm would be able to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective at fiscal year-end. As a result, investors could lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have an adverse effect on the trading price of our securities, as well as subject us to civil or criminal investigations and penalties. In addition, our independent registered public accounting firm may not agree with our managements assessment or conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is operating effectively.

We may not be able to meet the internal control reporting requirements imposed by the SEC resulting in a possible decline in the price of our common stock and our inability to obtain future financing.

As directed by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the SEC adopted rules requiring each public company to include a report of management on the companys internal controls over financial reporting in its annual reports. Although the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act exempts companies with a public float of less than $75 million from the requirement that our independent registered public accounting firm attest to our financial controls, this exemption does not affect the requirement that we include a report of management on our internal control over financial reporting and does not affect the requirement to include the independent registered public accounting firms attestation if our public float exceeds $75 million.

While we expect to expend significant resources in developing the necessary documentation and testing procedures required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, there is a risk that we may not be able to comply timely with all of the requirements imposed by this rule. Regardless of whether we are required to receive a positive attestation from our independent registered public accounting firm with respect to our internal controls, if we are unable to do so, investors and others may lose confidence in the reliability of our financial statements and our stock price and ability to obtain equity or debt financing as needed could suffer.

In addition, in the event that our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to rely on our internal controls in connection with its audit of our financial statements, and in the further event that it is unable to devise alternative procedures in order to satisfy itself as to the material accuracy of our financial statements and related disclosures, it is possible that we would be unable to file our Annual Report on Form 10-K with the SEC, which could also adversely affect the market for and the market price of our common stock and our ability to secure additional financing as needed.

If we encounter product recalls or other product quality issues, our business may suffer.

Product quality issues, real or imagined, or allegations of product contamination, even when false or unfounded, could tarnish our image and could cause consumers to choose other products. In addition, because of changing government regulations or implementation thereof, or allegations of product contamination, we may be required from time to time to recall products entirely or from specific markets. Product recalls could affect our profitability and could negatively affect brand image.

11

Our business is subject to many regulations and noncompliance is costly.

The production, marketing and sale of our beverages, including contents, labels, caps and containers, are subject to the rules and regulations of various federal, provincial, state and local health agencies. If a regulatory authority finds that a current or future product or production batch or run is not in compliance with any of these regulations, we may be fined, or production may be stopped, which would adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Similarly, any adverse publicity associated with any noncompliance may damage our reputation and our ability to successfully market our products. Furthermore, the rules and regulations are subject to change from time to time and while we closely monitor developments in this area, we cannot anticipate whether changes in these rules and regulations will impact our business adversely. Additional or revised regulatory requirements, whether labeling, environmental, tax or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

Significant additional labeling or warning requirements may inhibit sales of affected products.

Various jurisdictions may seek to adopt significant additional product labeling or warning requirements relating to the chemical content or perceived adverse health consequences of certain of our products. These types of requirements, if they become applicable to one or more of our products under current or future environmental or health laws or regulations, may inhibit sales of such products. In California, a law requires that a specific warning appear on any product that contains a component listed by the state as having been found to cause cancer or birth defects. This law recognizes no generally applicable quantitative thresholds below which a warning is not required. If a component found in one of our products is added to the list, or if the increasing sensitivity of detection methodology that may become available under this law and related regulations as they currently exist, or as they may be amended, results in the detection of an infinitesimal quantity of a listed substance in one of our beverages produced for sale in California, the resulting warning requirements or adverse publicity could affect our sales.

We are subject to risks inherent in sales of products in international markets.

Our operations outside of the United States, contribute to our revenue and profitability, and we believe that developing and emerging markets could present future growth opportunities for us. However, there can be no assurance that existing or new products that we manufacture, distribute or sell will be accepted or be successful in any particular foreign market, due to local or global competition, product price, cultural differences, and consumer preferences or otherwise. There are many factors that could adversely affect demand for our products in foreign markets, including our inability to attract and maintain key distributors in these markets; volatility in the economic growth of certain of these markets; changes in economic, political or social conditions, the status and renegotiations of the North American Free Trade Agreement, imposition of new or increased labeling, product or production requirements, or other legal restrictions; restrictions on the import or export of our products or ingredients or substances used in our products; inflationary currency, devaluation or fluctuation; increased costs of doing business due to compliance with complex foreign and U.S. laws and regulations. If we are unable to effectively operate or manage the risks associated with operating in international markets, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected.

Water scarcity and poor quality could negatively impact our costs and capacity.

Water is a main ingredient in substantially all of our products, is vital to the production of the agricultural ingredients on which our business relies and is needed in our manufacturing process. It also is critical to the prosperity of the communities we serve. Water is a limited resource in many parts of the world, facing unprecedented challenges from overexploitation, increasing demand for food and other consumer and industrial products whose manufacturing processes require water, increasing pollution and emerging awareness of potential contaminants, poor management, lack of physical or financial access to water, sociopolitical tensions due to lack of public infrastructure in certain areas of the world and the effects of climate change. As the demand for water continues to increase around the world, and as water becomes scarcer and the quality of available water deteriorates, we may incur higher costs or face capacity constraints and the possibility of reputational damage, which could adversely affect our profitability or net operating revenues in the long run.

12

It will be extremely difficult to acquire jurisdiction and enforce liabilities against our officers, directors and assets outside the United States.

Substantially all of our assets are currently located outside of the United States. Additionally, our Chief Executive Officer and directors reside outside of the United States, in Hong Kong. As a result, it may not be possible for United States investors to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties of our directors and officers under Federal securities laws. Moreover, we have been advised Hong Kong and the PRC do not have a treaty providing for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments of courts with the United States. Further, there are no extradition treaties now in effect between the United States and, on the other hand, Hong Kong and China, which would permit effective enforcement of criminal penalties of the Federal securities laws.

RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH OUR SECURITIES

Our shares of common stock presently has a limited trading market, with no substantive daily trading volume, and the price may not reflect our value and there can be no assurance that there will be an active market for our shares of common stock either now or in the future.

Although our common stock is quoted on the OTC Markets, our shares of common stock trade only nominally and the price of our common stock, if traded, may not reflect our value. There can be no assurance that there will be an active market for our shares of common stock either now or in the future. Market liquidity will depend on the perception of our operating business and any steps that our management might take to bring us to the awareness of investors. There can be no assurance given that there will be any awareness generated. Consequently, investors may not be able to liquidate their investment or liquidate it at a price that reflects the value of the business. As a result holders of our securities may not find purchasers our securities should they to sell securities held by them. Consequently, our securities should be purchased only by investors having no need for liquidity in their investment and who can hold our securities for an indefinite period of time.

If a more active market should develop, the price of our shares of common stock may be highly volatile. Because there may be a low price for our shares of common stock, many brokerage firms may not be willing to effect transactions in our securities. Even if an investor finds a broker willing to effect a transaction in the shares of our common stock, the combination of brokerage commissions, transfer fees, taxes, if any, and any other selling costs may exceed the selling price. Further, many lending institutions will not permit the use of such shares of common stock as collateral for any loans.

Our common stock issubject to the penny stock rules of the SEC and the trading market in our securities is limited, which makes transactions in our stock cumbersome and may reduce the value of an investment in our stock.

Under U.S. federal securities legislation, our common stock will constitute penny stock. Penny stock is any equity security that has a market price of less than $5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require that a broker or dealer approve a potential investors account for transactions in penny stocks, and the broker or dealer receive from the investor a written agreement to the transaction, setting forth the identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased. In order to approve an investors account for transactions in penny stocks, the broker or dealer must obtain financial information and investment experience objectives of the person, and make a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are suitable for that person and the person has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating the risks of transactions in penny stocks. The broker or dealer must also deliver, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prepared by the Commission relating to the penny stock market, which, in highlight form sets forth the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination. Brokers may be less willing to execute transactions in securities subject to the penny stock rules. This may make it more difficult for investors to dispose of our common stock and cause a decline in the market value of our stock. Disclosure also has to be made about the risks of investing in penny stocks in both public offerings and in secondary trading and about the commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and the rights and remedies available to an investor in cases of fraud in penny stock transactions. Finally, monthly statements have to be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks.

13

We may, in the future, issue additional common shares, which would reduce investors percent of ownership and may dilute our share value.

Our Articles of Incorporation authorize the issuance of 450,000,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, with another 15,908,578,500 issuable, assuming consummation of the Share Exchange Agreement. The future issuance of common stock and/or preferred stock will result in substantial dilution in the percentage of our common stock held by our then existing shareholders. We may value any common stock issued in the future on an arbitrary basis. The issuance of common stock for future services or acquisitions or other corporate actions may have the effect of diluting the value of the shares held by our investors, and might have an adverse effect on any trading market for our common stock.

Our Chief Executive Officer and a director and officer beneficially owns a majority of our stock, and accordingly, collectively has control over stockholder matters, our business and management.

Brian Johnston, our Chief Executive Officer and a director, beneficially owns 5,139,732,000 shares of common stock, or 32.3% of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock.As a result, Mr. Johnston has a substantial voting power in all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval including:

Election of our board of directors;

Removal of any of our directors;

Amendment of our Articles of Incorporation or bylaws;

Adoption of measures that could delay or prevent a change in control or impede a merger, takeover or other business combination involving us.

As a result of his ownership and position, Mr. Johnston is able to substantially influence all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions. In addition, the future prospect of sales of significant amounts of shares held by him could affect the market price of our common stock if the marketplace does not orderly adjust to the increase in shares in the market and the value of your investment in our company may decrease. Mr. Johnstons stock ownership may discourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us, which in turn could reduce our stock price or prevent our stockholders from realizing a premium over our stock price.

In addition, sales of significant amounts of shares held by our officers and directors, or the prospect of these sales, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Mr. Johnstons stock ownership may discourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us, which in turn could reduce our stock price or prevent our stockholders from realizing a premium over our stock price.

State securities lawsmay limit secondary trading, which may restrict the states in which and conditions under which you can sell shares of our common stock.

Secondary trading in our common stock is possible in any state until the common stock is qualified for sale under the applicable securities laws of the state or there is confirmation that an exemption, such as listing in certain recognized securities manuals, is available for secondary trading in the state. If we fail to register or qualify, or to obtain or verify an exemption for the secondary trading of, the common stock in any particular state, the common stock could not be offered or sold to, or purchased by, a resident of that state. In the event that a significant number of states refuse to permit secondary trading in our common stock, the liquidity for the common stock could be significantly impacted thus causing you to realize a loss on your investment.

The Company does not intend to seek registration or qualification of its shares of common stock the subject of this offering in any State or territory of the United States. Aside from a secondary trading exemption, other exemptions under state law and the laws of US territories may be available to purchasers of the shares of common stock sold in this offering,

14

Anti-takeover effects of certain provisions of Nevada state law hinder a potential takeover of us.

Though not now, we may be or in the future we may become subject to Nevadas control share law. A corporation is subject to Nevadas control share law if it has more than 200 stockholders, at least 100 of whom are stockholders of record and residents of Nevada, and it does business in Nevada or through an affiliated corporation. The law focuses on the acquisition of a controlling interest which means the ownership of outstanding voting shares sufficient, but for the control share law, to enable the acquiring person to exercise the following proportions of the voting power of the corporation in the election of directors:

(i) one-fifth or more but less than one-third, (ii) one-third or more but less than a majority, or (iii) a majority or more. The ability to exercise such voting power may be direct or indirect, as well as individual or in association with others.

The effect of the control share law is that the acquiring person, and those acting in association with it, obtains only such voting rights in the control shares as are conferred by a resolution of the stockholders of the corporation, approved at a special or annual meeting of stockholders. The control share law contemplates that voting rights will be considered only once by the other stockholders. Thus, there is no authority to strip voting rights from the control shares of an acquiring person once those rights have been approved. If the stockholders do not grant voting rights to the control shares acquired by an acquiring person, those shares do not become permanent non-voting shares. The acquiring person is free to sell its shares to others. If the buyers of those shares themselves do not acquire a controlling interest, their shares do not become governed by the control share laws.

If control shares are accorded full voting rights and the acquiring person has acquired control shares with a majority or more of the voting power, any stockholder of record, other than an acquiring person, who has not voted in favor of approval of voting rights is entitled to demand fair value for such stockholders shares.

Nevadas control share law may have the effect of discouraging takeovers of the corporation.

In addition to the control share law, Nevada has a business combination law which prohibits certain business combinations between Nevada corporations and interested stockholders for three years after the interested stockholder first becomes an interested stockholder, unless the corporations board of directors approves the combination in advance. For purposes of Nevada law, an interested stockholder is any person who is (i) the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of ten percent or more of the voting power of the outstanding voting shares of the corporation, or (ii) an affiliate or associate of the corporation and at any time within the three previous years was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of ten percent or more of the voting power of the then outstanding shares of the corporation. The definition of the term business combination is sufficiently broad to cover virtually any kind of transaction that would allow a potential acquiror to use the corporations assets to finance the acquisition or otherwise to benefit its own interests rather than the interests of the corporation and its other stockholders.

The effect of Nevadas business combination law is to potentially discourage parties interested in taking control of us from doing so if it cannot obtain the approval of our board of directors.

Because we do notintend to pay any cash dividends on our common stock, our stockholders will not be able to receive a return on their shares unless they sell them.

We intend to retain any future earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Unless we pay dividends, our stockholders will not be able to receive a return on their shares unless they sell them. Stockholders may never be able to sell shares when desired. Before you invest in our securities, you should be aware that there are various risks. You should consider carefully these risk factors, together with all of the other information included in this annual report before you decide to purchase our securities. If any of the following risks and uncertainties develop into actual events, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected.

15

MANAGEMENTS DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITIONAND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

The following discussion and analysis of the results of operations and financial condition for the period from June 5, 2023 (inception) through December 31, 2024, should be read in conjunction with our financial statements, and the notes to those financial statements that are included elsewhere in this Form 8-K. References in this section to we, us, our or Artisan Beverages are to the consolidated business of Artisan Beverages.

Our discussion includes forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties, such as our plans, objectives, expectations and intentions. Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including those set forth under the Risk Factors, Cautionary Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Business sections in this Form 8-K. We use words such as anticipate, estimate, plan, project, continuing, ongoing, expect, believe, intend, may, will, should, could, and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements.

Recent Developments

Reverse Acquisition of Artisan Beverages

On February 10, 2025, the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (the Share Exchange Agreement), by and among the Company, Artisan Beverages, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Artisan Beverages), and the holders of common shares of Artisan Beverages. The holders of the common stock of Artisan Beverages consisted of 1 stockholder, Summit Consumer Products Inc., a British Columbia corporation (Summit Consumer Products). Summit Consumer Products has 106 stockholders.

Under the terms and conditions of the Share Exchange Agreement, the Company offered, sold and issued 15,788,578,500 shares of common stock in consideration for all the issued and outstanding shares in Artisan Beverages. Summit Consumer Products, Artisan Beveragess sole stockholder, is the beneficial holder of 100 shares of common stock, or 100%, of the issued and outstanding shares of Artisan Beverages. The issuance of the 15,788,578,500 shares issued to Artisan Beverages under the Share Exchange Agreement represents 99.2% of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company. Summit Consumer Products has 106 shareholders, six of whom are now beneficial holders of 5% or more of the issued and outstanding common stock of the Company. The agreements and transactions pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement were consummated on February 13, 2025.

Brian Johnston was the President and Chief Executive Officer of both Artisan Beverages and Summit Consumer Products.

Immediately prior to the closing of the transactions under the Share Exchange Agreement, Mr. Johnston was the beneficial holder of 20,558,928 shares of common stock, or 32.5%, of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of Artisan Beverages. Giving effect to the closing of the transactions under the Share Exchange Agreement, Mr. Johnston acquired 5,139,732,000 shares of common stock, or 32.2% beneficial ownership, of the Company, by virtue of his 32.5% beneficial ownership of Summit Consumer Products. The remaining 105 common shareholders of Summit Consumer Products acquired 10,648,846,500 shares of common stock under the Share Exchange Agreement, by virtue of their aggregate of 67.5% beneficial ownership of Artisan Beverages.

As a result of the share exchange, Artisan Beverages is now a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. 

As a result of the controlling financial interest of the former stockholders of Artisan Beverages for financial statement reporting purposes, the merger between the Company and Artisan Beverages was treated as a reverse acquisition, with Artisan Beverages deemed the accounting acquirer and the Company deemed the accounting acquiree under the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with the Section 805-10-55 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. The reverse acquisition is deemed a capital transaction in substance whereas the assets and liabilities of Artisan Beverages (the accounting acquirer) are carried forward to the Company (the legal acquirer and the reporting entity) at their carrying value before the combination and the equity structure (the number and type of equity interests issued) of Artisan Beverages is being retroactively restated using the exchange ratio established in the Share Exchange Agreement to reflect the number of shares of the Company issued to effect the acquisition. The number of common shares issued and outstanding and the amount recognized as issued equity interests in the consolidated financial statements is determined by adding the number of common shares deemed issued and the issued equity interests of Artisan Beverages, Inc. immediately prior to the business combination to the fair value of the Company determined in accordance with the guidance in ASC Section 805-40-55 applicable to business combinations, i.e. the equity structure (the number and type of equity interests issued) in the consolidated financial statements immediately post combination reflects the equity structure of Artisan Beverages, including the equity interests the legal acquirer issued to effect the combination. 

16

Artisan Beverages was incorporated on June 5, 2023, in the Delaware. We have generated only nominal revenues. The commercialization of our beverage business is in its incipient stages and must be developed before we can commercialize the our brand and generate any revenues. 

12-MONTH PLAN OF OPERATION

We have not yet generated or realized any revenues from our business. In the next 12 months, we plan to increase our revenues by entering into agreements with manufacturers and distributors to make our products and then sell those products. We also plan to create a method to maintain adequate inventory levels to be able to deliver products to distributors on a timely basis. We believe that our inventory supply will depend on our ability to correctly estimate demand for our products, which necessitates making marketing studies in various geographical areas. We intend to conduct those marketing studies in the next 12 months. 

Results of Operations

The Fiscal Years Ended October 31, 2024 and 2023

For the years ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, we generated no revenues, respectively. 

For the year ended October 31, 2024, we incurred operating expenses of $156,322, consisting of professional fees of $60,171, management fees of $96,000, and general and administrative expenses of $152. By way of comparison, for the year ended October 31, 2023, we incurred operating expenses of $34,130, consisting of professional fees of $2,130, and management fees of $32,000.

We incurred net losses of $156,322 and $34,130 for the years ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The following table provides selected financial data about our company at October 31, 2024 and 2023.

Balance Sheet Data 

October 31,

2024 

October 31,

2023 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

$ 

-0- 

$ 

-0- 

Total Assets 

$ 

-0- 

$ 

-0- 

Total Liabilities 

$ 

190,452 

$ 

34,130 

Shareholders Deficit 

$ 

(190,452 

) 

$ 

(34,130 

)

Liquidity and Capital Resources

As of December 31, 2023, we had cash and cash equivalents of $0, and no accounts receivable deposits, prepayments or other receivables.

We do not believe that our current cash and other sources of liquidity discussed below are adequate to support general operations. 

Years Ended October 31, 

2024 

2023 

Net cash used in operating activities 

$ 

(54,322 

) 

$ 

(2,130 

)

Net cash provided by investing activities 

$ 

-0- 

$ 

-0- 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

54,322 

2,130 

17

Net Cash Used In Operating Activities.

For the year ended October 31, 2024, net cash used in operating activities was $54,322, which consisted primarily of payments for management fees and professional fees.

For the year ended October 31, 2023, net cash used in operating activities was $2,130, which consisted primarily of payments for professional fees. 

We expect to continue to rely on cash generated through financing from our existing shareholders and private placements of our securities, however, to finance our operations and future acquisitions.

Net Cash Provided By Investing Activities.

For the year ended October 31, 2024, there is no net cash provided by investing activities.

For the year ended October 31, 2023, there is no net cash provided by investing activities.

Net Cash Provided By Financing Activities.

For the year ended December 31, 2024, net cash provided by financing activities was $54,322 consisting primarily of proceeds from a loan from an officer of the Company.

For the year ended December 31, 2023, net cash provided by financing activities was $2,130, consisting primarily of proceeds from a loan from an officer of the Company.

Material hurdles remain until we can sell our products commercially. Our strategy to grow our business is to contact and enter into agreements with manufacturers and distributors in each country where we have a license to sell TGI Fridays beverages, and then market and sell those beverages in such countries. Our ability to create, maintain and expand a distribution network and attract additional distributors, retailers and brokers will depend on a number of factors. Some of these factors include (i) the level of demand for our brands and products in a particular distribution area; (ii) our ability to price our products at levels competitive with those of competing products, and (iii) our ability to deliver products in the quantity and at the time ordered by distributors, retailers and brokers. Part of our growth strategy is to create a system to garner and analyze the information needed to accurately understand these factors. We estimate that we need approximately $5,000,000 to complete such activities and that it would take approximately one year to complete such activities. Additional funding will likely come from equity financing from the sale of our common stock, if we are able to sell such stock. If we are successful in completing an equity financing, existing shareholders will experience dilution of their interest in our Company. We do not have any financing arranged and we cannot provide investors with any assurance that we will be able to raise sufficient funding from the sale of our common stock to fund our activities. In the absence of such financing, our business will fail. There are no assurances that we will be able to achieve further sales of our common stock or any other form of additional financing. If we are unable to achieve the financing necessary to continue our plan of operations, then we will not be able to continue the expansion of our business.

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

We have not entered into any financial guarantees or other commitments to guarantee the payment obligations of any third parties. In addition, we have not entered into any derivative contracts that are indexed to our own shares and classified as shareholders equity, or that are not reflected in our financial statements. Furthermore, we do not have any retained or contingent interest in assets transferred to an unconsolidated entity that serves as credit, liquidity or market risk support to such entity. Moreover, we do not have any variable interest in an unconsolidated entity that provides financing, liquidity, market risk or credit support to us or engages in leasing, hedging or research and development services with us.

Limited Business History; Need for Additional Capital

There is no historical financial information about the Company upon which to base an evaluation of our performance. We have not generated any revenues from our business. We cannot guarantee we will be successful in our business plans. Our business is subject to risks inherent in the establishment of a new business enterprise, including limited capital resources, possible delays in the exploration and/or development, and possible cost overruns due to price and cost increases in services. We have no intention of entering into a merger or acquisition within the next twelve months and we have a specific business plan and timetable to complete our 12-month plan of operation based on the success of the primary offering.

18

We anticipate that additional funding, if required, will be in the form of equity financing from the sale of our common stock. However, we cannot provide investors with any assurance that we will be able to raise sufficient funding from the sale of shares to fund additional expenditures. We do not currently have any arrangements in place for any future equity financing. Our limited operating history and our lack of significant tangible capital assets makes it unlikely that we will be able to obtain significant debt financing in the near future. If such financing is not available on satisfactory terms, we may be unable to continue or expand our business. Equity financing could result in additional dilution to existing shareholders.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

At February 10, 2025, we had a cash balance 0. Such cash amount was not sufficient to commence our 12-month plan of operation. We will need to raise funds to commence our 12-month plan of operation and fund our ongoing operational expenses. Additional funding will likely come from equity financing from the sale of our common stock. If we are successful in completing equity financing, existing shareholders will experience dilution of their interest in our Company. We do not have any financing arranged and we cannot provide investors with any assurance that we will be able to raise sufficient funding from the sale of our common stock to fund our 12-month plan of operation and ongoing operational expenses. In the absence of such financing, our business will likely fail. There are no assurances that we will be able to achieve further sales of our common stock or any other form of additional financing. If we are unable to achieve the financing necessary to continue our plan of operations, then we will not be able to continue our 12-month plan of operation and our business will fail.

Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Basis of Presentation

The accompanying consolidated financial statements and related notes have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP).

Principles of Consolidation

The condensed consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company, its subsidiaries and the VIE for which the Company is primary beneficiary. All significant inter-company transactions and balances between the Company, its subsidiaries and the VIE have been eliminated upon consolidation.

Estimates and Assumptions

The financial statements are prepared in conformity with US GAAP, which require the use of estimates, judgments, and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses in the periods presented. Management has made significant estimates in a variety of areas, including but not limited to allowance for doubtful accounts, inventories valuation, useful lives and residual values of long-lived assets and impairment for long-lived assets. Management believes that the accounting estimates employed are appropriate and the resulting balances are reasonable; however, due to the inherent uncertainties in making estimates, actual results could differ from the original estimates, requiring adjustments to these balances in future periods.

Foreign currency translation

The reporting currency is the United States Dollars (USD) and the functional currency is the Renminbi (RMB). An entitys functional currency is the currency of the primary economic environment in which it operates, normally that is the currency of the environment in which it primarily generates and expends cash. Managements judgment is essential to determine the functional currency by assessing various indicators, such as cash flows, sales price and market, expenses, financing and intercompany transactions and arrangements.

19

Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on hand and in banks.

Fair Value 

Fair value is the price we would receive to sell an asset or pay to transfer a liability (exit price) in an orderly transaction between market participants. For assets and liabilities recorded or disclosed at fair value on a recurring basis, we determine fair value based on the following: 

Level 1: The carrying value of cash and cash equivalents approximates fair value because of the short-term nature of these instruments. For equity and U.S. government treasury securities and commodity futures contracts, we use quoted prices in active markets for identical assets to determine fair value. 

Level 2: When quoted prices in active markets for identical assets are not available, we determine the fair value of our available-for-sale securities and our over-the-counter forward contracts, collars and swaps based upon factors such as the quoted market price of similar assets or a discounted cash flow model using readily observable market data, which may include interest rate curves and forward and spot prices for currencies and commodities, depending on the nature of the investment. The fair value of our long-term debt is estimated based on the quoted market prices for the same or similar issues or on the current rates offered to us for debt of the same remaining maturities. 

Level 3: We determine the fair value of our auction rate securities using an internally-developed valuation model, using inputs that include interest rate curves, credit and liquidity spreads and effective maturity. Assets and liabilities recognized or disclosed at fair value on a nonrecurring basis may include items such as property, plant and equipment, goodwill and other intangible assets, equity and other investments and other assets. We determine the fair value of these items using Level 3 inputs, as described in the related sections below.

Allowance of Accounts Receivable

The management regularly review the creditworthiness of our customers, and generally does not require collateral or other security from the customers.

The carrying value of accounts receivable is reduced by an allowance that reflects our best estimate of the amounts that will not be collected. We make estimations of the collectability of accounts receivable. Many factors are considered in estimating the allowance, including but not limited to reviewing delinquent accounts receivable, performing aging analyses and customer credit analyses, and analyzing historical bad debt records and current economic trends. Additional allowance for specific doubtful accounts might be made if our customers are unable to make payments due to their deteriorating financial conditions. The management has no significant credit risk associated with accounts receivable.

Inventories

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost (primarily moving average cost) or net realizable value. We record inventory reserves for obsolete and slow-moving inventory and for estimated shrinkage between physical inventory counts. Inventory reserves are based on inventory obsolescence trends, historical experience and application of the specific identification method. No inventory write-down was made in the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018.

Property, plant and equipment, net

Property, plant and equipment are recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation. Major improvements that extend the useful life of property are capitalized. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged to expense as incurred.

20

The depreciation method is summarized in the following table:

Category 

Depreciation method 

Salvage value rate 

Estimated useful lives

Renovation cost 

Straight-line 

10% 

10 years

Office equipment 

Straight-line 

20%-33% 

3-5 years

Store equipment 

Straight-line 

20%-33% 

3-5 years

The management reassesses the reasonableness of the estimates of useful lives and residual values of long-lived assets when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the useful lives and residual values of a major asset or a major category of assets may not be reasonable. Factors that we considers in deciding when to perform an analysis of useful lives and residual values of long-lived assets include, but are not limited to, significant variance of a business or product line in relation to expectations, significant deviation from industry or economic trends, and significant changes or planned changes in the use of the assets. The analysis will be performed at the asset or asset category with the reference to the assets conditions, current technologies, market, and future plan of usage and the useful lives of major competitors. 

Impairment of long-lived assets other than goodwill

We evaluates its long-lived assets, including property, plant and equipment with finite lives, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances, such as a significant adverse change to. 

Revenue Recognition

Revenues from fresh brewed drink and other products are recognized when the payment is tendered at the point of sale as the performance obligation has been satisfied. The payment made with different option through third party payment services provider, and the transaction is made through a customized point-of-sale system installed in each of the store. Revenue are report net of value added tax and discounts.

Other revenues primarily include training services, sales of equipment, and other materials to the platform store. Sales of these products and providing services are generally recognized upon shipment to customers or services rendered, depending on contract terms.

Cost of revenues

Cost of products consists of the purchase price of raw materials, electricity and other utilities, consumables, direct labor, overhead costs, depreciation of property, plant and equipment.

Income taxes

We use the asset and liability method in accounting for income taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded for temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts in the financial statements, using the statutory tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the results of operations in the period that includes the enactment date under the law. A valuation allowance is recorded to reduce the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets unless it is more likely than not that such asset will be realized.

We recognize a tax benefit associated with an uncertain tax position when, in managements judgment, it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination by a taxing authority. The Company has elected to classify interest and penalties related to an uncertain tax position, if any and when required, as general and administrative expenses.

21

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

The following table sets forth, as of February 10, 2025, certain information regarding the ownership of the Companys capital stock by each director and executive officer of the Company, each person who is known to the Company to be a beneficial owner of more than 5% of any class of the Companys voting stock, and by all officers and directors of the Company as a group. Unless otherwise indicated below, to the Companys knowledge, all persons listed below have sole voting and investing power with respect to their shares of capital stock, except to the extent authority is shared by spouses under applicable community property laws. 

Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. Shares of common stock subject to options, warrants or convertible securities exercisable or convertible within 60 days of February 10, 2025 are deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of the person or entity holding such options, warrants or convertible securities but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of any other person, and is based on 310,868,500 shares of common stock issued and outstanding on a fully diluted basis, as of February 10, 2025. 

Title of Class 

Name and Address of

Beneficial Owner (2) 

Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 

Percent of 

Common Stock(1) 

Common Stock 

Brian Johnston (3) 

5,139,732,000 

32.3 

%

Common Stock 

Michael Watler 

3,250,000,000 

20.4 

%

Common Stock 

Travis Winczura 

1,535,845,000 

9.6 

%

Common Stock 

Leah Murjiru 

1,419,036,000 

8.9 

%

Common Stock 

Greg Darroch 

909,375,000 

5.7 

%

Common Stock 

Laurie Darroch 

909,375,000 

5.7 

%

Common Stock 

Neville Joanes (4) 

112,500 

*

All directors and executive officers as a group (1 person) 

5,139,844,500 

32.3 

%

(1) As of February 10, 2025, we had 310,868,500 shares of common stock outstanding.

(2) Unless otherwise noted, the address of each person listed is c/o N, Pampana 18, La Cruz, C.P. 63734, La Cruz de Huanacaxtle, Navarit, Mexico, and our telephone number is +52 3221984348

(3) Appointed President, Secretary, Treasurer and director on February 7, 2025. 3,312,500,000 shares held by Verano Contracting Ltd., a British Columbia corporation, and 1,827,232,000 shares held by Tactical Funds Ltd., a British Columbia corporation. 1,535,845,000

(4) Appointed director on February 7, 2025.

*Less than 1%

22

DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

The following table sets forth the names, ages, and positions of our executive officers and directors as of the date of this Form 8-K.

Name 

Age 

Positions

Brian Johnston 

49 

President, Secretary, Treasurer and Director

Neville Joanes 

46 

Director

Brian Johnston

President, Secretary, Treasurer and Director

Mr. Johnston, age 58, has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and a Director since February 10, 2025. From October 2019 until October 2024, Mr. Johnston served as Chief Executive Officer of Summit Consumer Products Inc.; President of Ennoble Beverages Inc.; and President of Ennoble Progressive Beverage Distribution Inc. 

Neville Joanes

President, Secretary, Treasurer and Director

Mr. Joanes, age 46, has served as a Director since February 10, 2025. Since January 2022, Mr. Joanes has served as Vice President of North Star Compliance and Regulatory Inc. January 2021 until January 2022, he has served as Head of Wealth Solutions at Willow Real Estate Technologies. From January 2013 until January 2021, Mr. Joanes served as President of CI Direct Investing. Mr. Joanes earned a Bachelors of Engineering from Brunel University in 2002, and a Masters of Finance and Investment from Brunel University in 2005.

Employment Agreements

We have no employment agreement with any person.

Indemnification Agreements

The Company has no indemnification agreements with any officer or director of the Company.

Family Relationships

No family relationships exist between Brian Johnston and any person who is an affiliate of the Company.

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings

To the best of our knowledge, none of our directors or executive officers have been convicted in a criminal proceeding, excluding traffic violations or similar misdemeanors, or has been a party to any judicial or administrative proceeding during the past ten years that resulted in a judgment, decree or final order enjoining the person from future violations of, or prohibiting activities subject to, federal or state securities laws, or a finding of any violation of federal or state securities laws, except for matters that were dismissed without sanction or settlement.

Code of Ethics

We have not adopted a Code of Ethics but expect to adopt a Code of Ethics.

23

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

The following table sets forth information regarding each element of compensation that we paid or awarded to our named executive officers for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023:

Summary Compensation Table

Name and

Principal

Position 

Year 

Salary

($) 

Bonus

($) 

Stock

Awards

($) 

Option

Awards

($) 

Non-Equity

Incentive

Plan

Compensation

($) 

Nonqualified

Deferred

Compensation

($) 

All Other

Compensation

($) 

Total

($) 

Brian 

2024 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

Johnston (1) 

2023 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

Neville 

2024 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

Joanes (2) 

2023 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

Michael 

2024 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

Noble (3) 

2023 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

___________

(1) 

Appointed President and Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and a Director on February 10, 2025.

(2) 

Appointed Director on February 10, 2025.

(3) 

Appointed President and Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and a Director on October 30, 2020; resigned from all such positions on February 10, 2025.

There has been no compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to the executive officers by any person for services rendered in all capacities to us for the fiscal period ended December 31, 2019, and through the date of filing of this Form 8-K.

24

Option Grants

The following table sets forth stock option grants and compensation for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019:

Option Awards 

Stock Awards 

Name 

Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 

Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable 

Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) 

Option Exercise Price ($) 

Option

Expiration

Date 

Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) 

Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ($) 

Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) 

Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested ($) 

Brian Johnston (1) 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

$ 

-0- 

N/A 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

Neville

Joanes (2) 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

$ 

-0- 

N/A 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

Michael Noble (3) 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

$ 

-0- 

N/A 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

___________ 

(1) 

Appointed President and Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and a Director on February 10, 2025.

(2) 

Appointed Director on February 10, 2025.

(3) 

Appointed President and Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and a Director on October 30, 2020; resigned from all such positions on February 10, 2025.

Option Exercises and Fiscal Year-End Option Value Table.

There were no stock options exercised by the named executive officers as of the end of the fiscal period ended December 31, 2024, and through the date of filing of this Form 8-K.

Long-Term Incentive Plans and Awards

There were no awards made to a named executive officer, under any long-term incentive plan, as of the end of the fiscal period ended December 31, 2024, and through the date of filing of this Form 8-K.

Other Compensation

There are no annuity, pension or retirement benefits proposed to be paid to officers, directors, or employees of our company in the event of retirement at normal retirement date as there was no existing plan as of the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019, and through the date of filing of this Form 8-K, provided for or contributed to by our company.

25

DIRECTOR COMPENSATION

The following table sets forth director compensation as of December 31, 2024, and as the date of filing of this Form 8-K:

Name 

Fees Earned

or Paid in

Cash ($) 

Stock

Awards ($) 

Option

Awards ($) 

Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation($) 

Nonqualified

Deferred

Compensation

Earnings ($) 

All Other

Compensation($) 

Total ($) 

Brian Johnston (1) 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

Neville Joanes (2) 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

Michael Noble (3) 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

______________ 

(1) 

Appointed President and Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and a Director on February 10, 2025.

(2) 

Appointed Director on February 10, 2025.

(3) 

Appointed President and Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and a Director on October 30, 2020; resigned from all such positions on February 10, 2025.

Directors of our company who are also employees do not receive cash compensation for their services as directors or members of the committees of the Board of Directors. All directors may be reimbursed for their reasonable expenses incurred in connection with attending meetings of the Board of Directors or management committees.

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans

The Company has no equity compensation plans.

26

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

On February 10, 2025, the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (the Share Exchange Agreement), by and among the Company, Artisan Beverages, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Artisan Beverages), and the holders of common shares of Artisan Beverages. The holders of the common stock of Artisan Beverages consisted of 1 stockholder, Summit Consumer Products Inc., a British Columbia corporation (Summit Consumer Products). Summit Consumer Products has 106 stockholders.

Under the terms and conditions of the Share Exchange Agreement, the Company offered, sold and issued 15,788,578,500 shares of common stock in consideration for all the issued and outstanding shares in Artisan Beverages. Summit Consumer Products, Artisan Beveragess sole stockholder, is the beneficial holder of 1,000 shares of common stock, or 100%, of the issued and outstanding shares of Artisan Beverages. The issuance of the 15,788,578,500 shares issued to Artisan Beverages under the Share Exchange Agreement represents 99.2% of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company. Summit Consumer Products has 106 shareholders, six of whom are now beneficial holders of 5% or more of the issued and outstanding common stock of the Company.

Brian Johnston was the President and Chief Executive Officer of both Artisan Beverages and Summit Consumer Products.

Immediately prior to the closing of the transactions under the Share Exchange Agreement, Mr. Johnston was the beneficial holder of 20,558,928 shares of common stock, or 32.5%, of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of Artisan Beverages. Giving effect to the closing of the transactions under the Share Exchange Agreement, Mr. Johnston acquired 5,139,732,000 shares of common stock, or 32.2% beneficial ownership, of the Company, by virtue of his 32.5% beneficial ownership of Summit Consumer Products. The remaining 105 common shareholders of Summit Consumer Products acquired 10,648,846,500 shares of common stock under the Share Exchange Agreement, by virtue of their aggregate of 67.5% beneficial ownership of Artisan Beverages.

Artisan Beverages was incorporated on June 5, 2023, in the Delaware. The business of Artisan Beverages is now our principal business. Artisan Beverages is an alcoholic beverage company that specializes in producing ready-to-drink cocktails. Artisan Beverages holds the exclusive license to manufacture TGI Fridays-branded beverages in countries across the Western Hemisphere. Additionally, Artisan Beverages owns the Tipsy Tails brand, which features a variety of canned cocktails. The company intends to initiate production in the eastern United States and Mexico, with plans for future expansion into Central America.

Our executive offices are located at Pampana 18, La Cruz, C.P. 63734, La Cruz de Huanacaxtle, Navarit, Mexico, and our telephone number is +52 3221984348.

27

DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

Our board of directors is currently composed of two members, one of whom qualifies as an independent director in accordance with the published listing requirements of the NASDAQ Global Market. The NASDAQ independence definition includes a series of objective tests, such as that a director is not, and has not been for at least three years, one of our employees and that neither the director, nor any of his family members has engaged in various types of business dealings with us. In addition, our board of directors has not made a subjective determination as to each director that no relationships exist which, in the opinion of our board of directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director, though such subjective determination is required by the NASDAQ rules. Had our board of directors made these determinations, our board of directors would have reviewed and discussed information provided by the directors and us with regard to each directors business and personal activities and relationships as they may relate to us and our management.

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

We are not currently involved in any legal proceedings. From time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business.

MARKET PRICE OF AND DIVIDENDS ON OUR COMMON EQUITYAND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

Market Information

Our shares of common stock are quoted on the over-the-counter markets, currently on the OTC Pink tier of the OTC Markets Group, Inc. (the OTC Markets Group), under the stock symbol NFTN. As of February 10, 2025, the Company had 450,000,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding.

Holders

As of February 10, 2025, there were approximately 131 holders of record of our common stock. This number does not include shares held by brokerage clearing houses, depositories or others in unregistered form.

Dividends

We have never declared or paid a cash dividend. Any future decisions regarding dividends will be made by our Board of Directors. We currently intend to retain and use any future earnings for the development and expansion of our business and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Our Board of Directors has complete discretion on whether to pay dividends. Even if our Board of Directors decides to pay dividends, the form, frequency and amount will depend upon our future operations and earnings, capital requirements and surplus, general financial condition, contractual restrictions and other factors that the Board of Directors may deem relevant.

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans

We do not have in effect any compensation plans under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance.

28

Penny Stock Regulations

The Commission has adopted regulations which generally define penny stock to be an equity security that has a market price of less than $5.00 per share. Our common stock, when and if a trading market develops, may fall within the definition of penny stock and be subject to rules that impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell such securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors (generally those with assets in excess of $1,000,000, or annual incomes exceeding $200,000 individually, or $300,000, together with their spouse).

For transactions covered by these rules, the broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchase of such securities and have received the purchasers prior written consent to the transaction. Additionally, for any transaction, other than exempt transactions, involving a penny stock, the rules require the delivery, prior to the transaction, of a risk disclosure document mandated by the Commission relating to the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must disclose the commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and, if the broker-dealer is the sole market-maker, the broker-dealer must disclose this fact and the broker-dealers presumed control over the market. Finally, monthly statements must be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. Consequently, the penny stock rules may restrict the ability of broker-dealers to sell our common stock and may affect the ability of investors to sell their common stock in the secondary market.

RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES

Reference is made to the disclosure set forth under Item 3.02 of this report, which disclosure is incorporated by reference into this section.

DESCRIPTION OF OUR SECURITIES

Introduction

In the discussion that follows, we have summarized selected provisions of our articles of incorporation relating to our capital stock. This summary is not complete. This discussion is subject to the relevant provisions of Nevada law and is qualified in its entirety by reference to our articles of incorporation and our bylaws. You should read our articles of incorporation and our bylaws as currently in effect for provisions that may be important to you.

Authorized Capital Stock

Our authorized share capital consists of 450,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share. As of February 10, 2025, there were 450,000,000 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding.

Common Stock

Each share of our common stock entitles its holder to one vote in the election of each director and on all other matters voted on generally by our stockholders, other than any matter that (1) solely relates to the terms of any outstanding series of preferred stock or the number of shares of that series and (2) does not affect the number of authorized shares of preferred stock or the powers, privileges and rights pertaining to the common stock. No share of our common stock affords any cumulative voting rights. This means that the holders of a majority of the voting power of the shares voting for the election of directors can elect all directors to be elected if they choose to do so.

Holders of our common stock will be entitled to dividends in such amounts and at such times as our Board of Directors in its discretion may declare out of funds legally available for the payment of dividends. We currently intend to retain our entire available discretionary cash flow to finance the growth, development and expansion of our business and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on the common stock in the foreseeable future. Any future dividends will be paid at the discretion of our Board of Directors after taking into account various factors, including:

general business conditions;

industry practice;

our financial condition and performance;

our future prospects;

our cash needs and capital investment plans;

income tax consequences; and

the restrictions Nevada and other applicable laws and our credit arrangements then impose.

29

If we liquidate or dissolve our business, the holders of our common stock will share ratably in all our assets that are available for distribution to our stockholders after our creditors are paid in full.

Our common stock has no preemptive rights and is not convertible or redeemable or entitled to the benefits of any sinking or repurchase fund.

Transfer Agent and Registrar

The transfer agent for our common stock is Securities Transfer Corporation, whose address is 2901 N. Dallas Parkway, Suite 380, Plano, Texas. Securities Transfer Corporations telephone number is (469) 633-0101.

INDEMNIFICATION OF OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS

Subsection 7 of Section 78.138 of the Nevada Revised Statutes (the Nevada Law) provides that, subject to certain very limited statutory exceptions, a director or officer is not individually liable to the corporation or its stockholders or creditors for any damages as a result of any act or failure to act in his or her capacity as a director or officer, unless it is proven that the act or failure to act constituted a breach of his or her fiduciary duties as a director or officer and such breach of those duties involved intentional misconduct, fraud or a knowing violation of law. The statutory standard of liability established by Section 78.138 controls even if there is a provision in the corporations articles of incorporation unless a provision in the Companys Articles of Incorporation provides for greater individual liability.

Subsection 1 of Section 78.7502 of the Nevada Law empowers a corporation to indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the corporation) by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise (any such person, a Covered Person), against expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by the Covered Person in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if the Covered Person is not liable pursuant to Section 78.138 of the Nevada Law or the Covered Person acted in good faith and in a manner the Covered Person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation and, with respect to any criminal action or proceedings, had no reasonable cause to believe the Covered Persons conduct was unlawful.

Subsection 2 of Section 78.7502 of the Nevada Law empowers a corporation to indemnify any Covered Person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that such person acted in the capacity of a Covered Person against expenses, including amounts paid in settlement and attorneys fees actually and reasonably incurred by the Covered Person in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit, if the Covered Person is not liable pursuant to Section 78.138 of the Nevada Law or the Covered Person acted in good faith and in a manner the Covered Person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation. However, no indemnification may be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which the Covered Person shall have been adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction (after exhaustion of all appeals) to be liable to the corporation or for amounts paid in settlement to the corporation unless and only to the extent that the court in which such action or suit was brought or other court of competent jurisdiction determines upon application that in view of all the circumstances the Covered Person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses as the court deems proper.

Section 78.7502 of the Nevada Law further provides that to the extent a Covered Person has been successful on the merits or otherwise in the defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to in Subsection 1 or 2, as described above, or in the defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, the corporation shall indemnify the Covered Person against expenses (including attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred by the Covered Person in connection with the defense.

30

Subsection 1 of Section 78.751 of the Nevada Law provides that any discretionary indemnification pursuant to Section 78.7502 of the Nevada Law, unless ordered by a court or advanced pursuant to Subsection 2 of Section 78.751, may be made by a corporation only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that indemnification of the Covered Person is proper in the circumstances. Such determination must be made (a) by the stockholders, (b) by the board of directors of the corporation by majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to the action, suit or proceeding, (c) if a majority vote of a quorum of such non-party directors so orders, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion, or (d) by independent legal counsel in a written opinion if a quorum of such non-party directors cannot be obtained.

Subsection 2 of Section 78.751 of the Nevada Law provides that a corporations articles of incorporation or bylaws or an agreement made by the corporation may require the corporation to pay as incurred and in advance of the final disposition of a criminal or civil action, suit or proceeding, the expenses of officers and directors in defending such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt by the corporation of an undertaking by or on behalf of the officer or director to repay the amount if it is ultimately determined by a court of competent jurisdiction that he or she is not entitled to be indemnified by the corporation. Subsection 2 of Section 78.751 further provides that its provisions do not affect any rights to advancement of expenses to which corporate personnel other than officers and directors may be entitled under contract or otherwise by law.

Subsection 3 of Section 78.751 of the Nevada Law provides that indemnification pursuant to Section 78.7502 of the Nevada Law and advancement of expenses authorized in or ordered by a court pursuant to Section 78.751 does not exclude any other rights to which the Covered Person may be entitled under the articles of incorporation or any bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, for either an action in his or her official capacity or in another capacity while holding his or her office. However, indemnification, unless ordered by a court pursuant to Section 78.7502 or for the advancement of expenses under Subsection 2 of Section 78.751 of the Nevada Law, may not be made to or on behalf of any director or officer of the corporation if a final adjudication establishes that his or her acts or omissions involved intentional misconduct, fraud or a knowing violation of the law and were material to the cause of action. Additionally, the scope of such indemnification and advancement of expenses shall continue for a Covered Person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, and shall inure to the benefit of his or her heirs, executors and administrators.

Section 78.752 of the Nevada Law empowers a corporation to purchase and maintain insurance or make other financial arrangements on behalf of a Covered Person for any liability asserted against such person and liabilities and expenses incurred by such person in his or her capacity as a Covered Person or arising out of such persons status as a Covered Person whether or not the corporation has the authority to indemnify such person against such liability and expenses.

The Bylaws of the Company provide for indemnification of Covered Persons substantially identical in scope to that permitted under the Nevada Law. Such Bylaws provide that the expenses of directors and officers of the Company incurred in defending any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, must be paid by the Company as they are incurred and in advance of the final disposition of the action, suit or proceeding, upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such director or officer to repay all amounts so advanced if it is ultimately determined by a court of competent jurisdiction that the director or officer is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company.

CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTSON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

We have had no other changes to our independent registered public accountants within the past two fiscal years.

Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

On February 10, 2025, the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (the Share Exchange Agreement), by and among the Company, Artisan Beverages, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Artisan Beverages), and the holders of common shares of Artisan Beverages. The holders of the common stock of Artisan Beverages consisted of 1 stockholder, Summit Consumer Products Inc., a British Columbia corporation (Summit Consumer Products). Summit Consumer Products has 106 stockholders. 

31

Under the terms and conditions of the Share Exchange Agreement, the Company offered, sold and issued 15,788,578,500 shares of common stock in consideration for all the issued and outstanding shares in Artisan Beverages. As a result of the share exchange, Artisan Beverages is now a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. 

The Company offered and sold the 15,788,578,500 shares of common stock in reliance on the exemption from registration provided Rule 903(b)(3) of Regulation S, promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The offering was made offshore of the US, solely to non-US persons, where no directed selling efforts were made in the US, and where offering restrictions were imposed.

Item 5.01 Changes in Control of Registrant.

As previously reported in Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 10, 2025, the Companys then-sole director, Michael Noble, appointed Brian Johnston as Chief Executive Officer, President, Secretary, Treasurer and a director of the Company, appointed Neville Joanes a director, and Mr. Noble, then Companys sole officer and director until such date, resigned as Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer.

On February 10, 2025, the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (the Share Exchange Agreement), by and among the Company, Artisan Beverages, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Artisan Beverages), and the holders of common shares of Artisan Beverages. The holders of the common stock of Artisan Beverages consisted of 1 stockholder, Summit Consumer Products Inc., a British Columbia corporation (Summit Consumer Products). Summit Consumer Products has 106 stockholders.

Under the terms and conditions of the Share Exchange Agreement, the Company offered, sold and issued 15,788,578,500 shares of common stock in consideration for all the issued and outstanding shares in Artisan Beverages. Summit Consumer Products, Artisan Beveragess sole stockholder, is the beneficial holder of 100 shares of common stock, or 100%, of the issued and outstanding shares of Artisan Beverages. The issuance of the 15,788,578,500 shares issued to Artisan Beverages under the Share Exchange Agreement represents 99.2% of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company. Summit Consumer Products has 106 shareholders, six of whom are now beneficial holders of 5% or more of the issued and outstanding common stock of the Company. The agreements and transactions pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement were consummated on February 13, 2025.

Brian Johnston was the President and Chief Executive Officer of both Artisan Beverages and Summit Consumer Products.

Immediately prior to the closing of the transactions under the Share Exchange Agreement, Mr. Johnston was the beneficial holder of 20,558,928 shares of common stock, or 32.5%, of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of Artisan Beverages. Giving effect to the closing of the transactions under the Share Exchange Agreement, Mr. Johnston acquired 5,139,732,000 shares of common stock, or 32.2% beneficial ownership, of the Company, by virtue of his 32.5% beneficial ownership of Summit Consumer Products. The remaining 105 common shareholders of Summit Consumer Products acquired 10,648,846,500 shares of common stock under the Share Exchange Agreement, by virtue of their aggregate of 67.5% beneficial ownership of Artisan Beverages.

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

In connection with the Share Exchange Agreement, effective February 13, 2025, Brian Johnston was appointed President, Chief Executive Officer, President, Secretary and Treasurer and director of the Company, and Neville Joanes was appointed director. On February 13, 2025, Michael Noble resigned his positions as President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer of the Company, but remains as a director.

Brian Johnston 

President, Secretary, Treasurer and Director

Mr. Johnston, age 58, has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and a Director since February 10, 2025. From October 2019 until October 2024, Mr. Johnston served as Chief Executive Officer of Summit Consumer Products Inc.; President of Ennoble Beverages Inc.; and President of Ennoble Progressive Beverage Distribution Inc. 

Neville Joanes

President, Secretary, Treasurer and Director

Mr. Joanes, age 46, has served as a Director since February 10, 2025. Since January 2022, Mr. Joanes has served as Vice President of North Star Compliance and Regulatory Inc. January 2021 until January 2022, he has served as Head of Wealth Solutions at Willow Real Estate Technologies. From January 2013 until January 2021, Mr. Joanes served as President of CI Direct Investing. Mr. Joanes earned a Bachelors of Engineering from Brunel University in 2002, and a Masters of Finance and Investment from Brunel University in 2005.

Neither Mr. Johnston nor Mr. Joanes have any agreement, arrangement or understanding with the Company with respect to employment, compensation or voting of beneficial ownership of securities of the Company.

Item 5.06 Change in Shell Company Status.

Reference is made to the disclosure set forth under Items 1.01 and 2.01 of this Form 8-K, which disclosure is incorporated herein by reference. On February 10, 2025, the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (the Share Exchange Agreement), by and among the Company, Artisan Beverages, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Artisan Beverages), and the holders of common shares of Artisan Beverages. The holders of the common stock of Artisan Beverages consisted of 1 stockholder, Summit Consumer Products Inc., a British Columbia corporation (Summit Consumer Products). Summit Consumer Products has 106 stockholders. As a result of the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Share Exchange Agreement, Artisan Beverages became our wholly-owned operating subsidiary and we are no longer a shell company as that term is defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

32

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

(a) Financial Statements of Business Acquired.

Filed herewith as Exhibit 99.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference are Consolidated Financial Statements of Artisan Beverages Company Limited, a Delaware corporation, for the years ended October 31, 2024 and 2023.

Filed herewith as Exhibit 99.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference are Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements of Artisan Beverages Company Limited, a Delaware corporation, for the years ended October 31, 2024 and 2023.

(b) Pro Forma Financial Information.

Filed herewith as Exhibit 99.3 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference is Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information dated December 31, 2024, of NFiniTi inc. and its wholly owned subsidiary, Artisan Beverages Company Limited, a Delaware corporation.

(c) Shell Company Transactions.

Reference is made to Items 9.01(a) and 9.01(b) and the exhibits referred to therein which are incorporated herein by reference.

(d) Exhibits:

Exhibit 

Description

2.1 

Share Exchange Agreement, dated February 10, 2025, by and among NFiniTi inc., Artisan Beverages, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Artisan Beverages), and the holders of common stock of Artisan Beverages.

10.1 

License Agreement, dated April 19, 2024, by and between TGI Fridays Inc, a New York corporation, and Artisan Beverages, Inc., a Delaware corporation.

99.1 

Consolidated Financial Statements of Artisan Beverages, Inc., a Delaware corporation, for the years ended October 31, 2024 and 2023.

99.2 

Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Financial Information dated October 31, 2024, of NFiniTi inc. and its Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, Artisan Beverages Company Limited, a Delaware corporation.

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL Document)

33

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

NFINITI INC. 

Date: February 13, 2025 

By: 

/s/ Brian Johnston 

Name: 

Brian Johnston 

Title: 

President and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) 

34
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>nftn_ex21.htm
<DESCRIPTION>SHARE EXCHANGE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
nftn_ex21.htm

EXHIBIT 2.1

SHARE EXCHANGE AGREEMENT

THIS SHARE EXCHANGE AGREEMENT is entered into as of February 10, 2025 (this Agreement), by and between Consumer Products Inc., British Columbia corporation (Summit Consumer Products) (the Seller), and NFiniTi inc., a Nevada corporation (the Buyer). Each party to this Agreement is referred to herein as a Party, and they are all referred to collectively as Parties.

W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, the Seller owns one hundred (100) shares (the Shares) of the common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Common Stock), of Artisan Beverages, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company).

WHEREAS, the Seller desires to sell the Shares to the Buyer, and the Buyer desires to purchase the Shares from the Seller, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and of the mutual representations, warranties and agreements set forth herein, the Parties hereto agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

SALE AND PURCHASE OF SHARES

1.1 Incorporation of Recitals; Definitions. The provisions and recitals set forth above are hereby referred to and incorporated herein and made a part of this Agreement by reference.

1.2 Sale and Purchase of Shares. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, at the Closing, as full consideration for the sale, assignment, transfer and delivery of the Shares by the seller to the Buyer, the Buyer agrees shall issue to the Buyer an aggregate of 15,788,578,500 shares (the Acquisition Shares) of common stock of Buyer (the Purchase Price). On the Closing Date (as defined below), the Buyer shall surrender the certificate or certificates that immediately prior to the Closing representing the Shares to an exchange agent designated by Buyer in exchange for the Shares. In lieu of issuing the Acquisition Shares directly to Seller, and if so directed by Seller, Buyer shall issue to the shareholders of Seller the Acquisition Shares on a pro rata basis based upon their respective beneficial ownership interest in Summit Consumer Products, as certified by the President of Summit Consumer Products, at the Closing.

1.3 Closing. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the Closing) shall take place on February 13, 2025 (the Closing Date). On the Closing Date, the Seller shall deliver to the Buyer: (a) stock certificate(s) evidencing the Shares in negotiable form, duly endorsed in blank, or with stock transfer powers attached thereto (the Share Certificates); (b) resignations of the officers and directors of the Company and their written appointment of one or more persons designated by the Buyer as successor officers and directors; and (c) all corporate documents (minutes, resolutions, agreements and contracts), accounting records, financial statements, tax returns, bank accounts, check books, corporate seals, memorandum and articles and amendments, etc. of the Company. On the Closing Date, the Buyer shall deliver the Purchase Price for the purchase of the Shares in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

1

ARTICLE II

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE SELLER

Except as set forth under the corresponding section of the disclosure schedules (the Disclosure Schedules), which Disclosure Schedules shall be deemed a part hereof, the Seller hereby represents and warrants to the Buyer that now and as of the Closing:

2.1 Due Organization and Qualification; Subsidiaries; Due Authorization.

(a) The Company is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, with full corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its business and properties and to carry on its business in the places and in the manner as presently conducted. The Company is duly qualified and in good standing as a foreign corporation in each jurisdiction in which the properties owned, leased or operated, or the business conducted, by it requires such qualification except for any failure to qualify, which when taken together with all other failures to qualify, is not likely to have a material adverse effect on the business of the Company. The Company is not, and has never been, qualified to do business in any other state in the United States.

(b) The Company does not have, and has never had, any subsidiaries and does not own, directly or indirectly, any capital stock, equity or interest in any corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture or other entity.

(c) The Seller is the record and beneficial owner of the Shares and has sole power and authority over the disposition of the Shares. The Shares are free and clear of any liens, claims, encumbrances, and charges. The Shares have not been sold, conveyed, encumbered, hypothecated or otherwise transferred by the Seller except pursuant to this Agreement. The Seller has the legal right to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and otherwise to carry out their obligations hereunder. This Agreement constitutes the valid and binding obligation of the Seller. The execution, delivery and performance by the Seller of this Agreement does not violate any contractual restriction contained in any agreement which binds or affects or purports to bind or affect the Seller. The Seller is not a party to any agreement, written or oral, creating rights in respect of any of the Shares in any third party or relating to the voting of the Shares. The Seller is not a party to any outstanding or authorized options, warrants, rights, calls, commitments, conversion rights, rights of exchange or other agreements of any character, contingent or otherwise, providing for the purchase, issuance or sale of any of the Shares, and there are no restrictions of any kind on the transfer of any of the Shares other than (a) restrictions on transfer imposed by the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) and (b) restrictions on transfer imposed by applicable state securities or blue sky laws. The Seller acknowledges that the Seller has been advised that the Buyer or others may take various actions including actions which result in the Shares greatly increasing in value and that by executing this agreement, the Seller expressly waives any and all right to participate in any way in any such increase in value of the Shares.

2

2.2 No Conflicts or Defaults. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Seller and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby do not and shall not (a) contravene the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws of the Company or (b) with or without the giving of notice or the passage of time (i) violate, conflict with, or result in a breach of, or a default or loss of rights under, any material covenant, agreement, contract, mortgage, indenture, guarantee, note, lease, instrument, commitment, accommodation, letter of credit, arrangement, understanding, permit or license, whether written or oral, to which a Seller or the Company is a party or by which a Seller or the Company is bound (each, a Contract), or any judgment, order or decree, or any federal, state, local, foreign or other statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulation to which a Seller or the Company is subject, (ii) result in the creation of, or give any party the right to create, any mortgage, security interest, lien, charge, easement, lease, sublease, covenant, option, claim, restriction or encumbrance or any other right or adverse interest (each, a Lien) upon any of the properties or assets of the Company, (iii) terminate or give any party the right to terminate, amend, abandon or refuse to perform, any Contract to which a Seller or the Company is a party or by which the Companys assets are bound, or (iv) accelerate or modify, or give any party the right to accelerate or modify, the time within which, or the terms under which, a Seller or the Company is to perform any duties or obligations or receive any rights or benefits under any material agreement, arrangement or commitment to which it is a party.

2.3 Capitalization. On the Closing Date, the authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 100 shares of Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share, of which 100 shares are, as of the date hereof, issued and outstanding (Company Shares). Disclosure Schedule 2.3 lists each of the stockholders of record, including the name of record, address and number of shares held by such stockholder. All of the Company Shares are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, and have not been issued in violation of any purchase option, call option, right of first refusal, preemptive right, subscription right, or any similar right of stockholders. The Company Shares are not, and the Shares are not and will not be as of the Closing, subject to any preemptive or subscription right. There is no outstanding voting trust agreement or other contract, agreement, arrangement, option, warrant, call, commitment or other right of any character obligating or entitling the Company to issue, sell, redeem or repurchase any of its securities, and there is no outstanding security of any kind convertible into or exchangeable for the Common Stock of the Company, nor has the Company, or any of its agents orally agreed to issue any of the foregoing. There are no declared or accrued unpaid dividends with respect to any shares of the Companys Common Stock. There are no agreements, written or oral, between the Company and any of its stockholders or among any stockholders relating to the acquisition (including without limitation rights of first refusal or preemptive rights), or disposition, or registration under the Securities Act or voting of the capital stock of the Company. There are no outstanding shares of Common Stock that are subject to vesting. The Company has no capital stock other than the Common Stock authorized, issued or outstanding.

2.4 Financial Matters. Except for its rights under that certain License Agreement, dated April 19, 2024, by and between the Company and TGI Fridays Inc., a New York corporation (the TGI Fridays License Agreement), the Company does not have any (a) assets of any kind or (b) liabilities or obligations of any kind, whether secured or unsecured, accrued, determined, absolute or contingent, asserted or unasserted or otherwise, which are required to be reflected or reserved in a balance sheet or the notes thereto under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and which are not reflected in the Company Existing Financial Statements.

3

2.5 Taxes. The Company has filed all United States federal, state, county, local and foreign, national, provincial and local returns and reports which were required to be filed on or prior to the Closing Date hereof in respect of all income, withholding, franchise, payroll, excise, property, sales, use, value-added or other taxes or levies, imposts, duties, license and registration fees, charges, assessments or withholdings of any nature whatsoever (together, Taxes), and has paid all Taxes (and any related penalties, fines and interest) which have become due pursuant to such returns or reports or pursuant to any assessment which has become payable, or, to the extent its liability for any Taxes (and any related penalties, fines and interest) has not been fully discharged, the same have been properly reflected as a liability on the books and records of the Company and adequate reserves therefor have been established. All such returns and reports filed on or prior to the date hereof have been properly prepared and are true, correct (and to the extent such returns reflect judgments made by the Company, as the case may be, such judgments were reasonable under the circumstances) and complete in all material respects. The amount shown on the Companys most recent balance sheet in the Company Existing Financial Statements as provision for taxes is sufficient in all material respects to pay all accrued and unpaid federal, state, local and foreign taxes for the period then ended and all prior periods. No Tax Return or Tax Return liability of the Company has been audited or, is presently under audit. The Company has not given or been requested to give waivers of any statute of limitations relating to the payment of any Taxes (or any related penalties, fines and interest). There are no claims pending or, to the knowledge of the Seller, threatened, against the Company for past due Taxes. All payments for withholding taxes, unemployment insurance and other amounts required to be paid for periods prior to the date hereof to any governmental authority in respect of employment obligations of the Company, including, without limitation, amounts payable pursuant to the Federal Insurance Contributions Act, have been paid or shall be paid prior to the Closing and have been duly provided for on the books and records of the Company and in the Company Existing Financial Statements. All such amounts and penalties are set forth in the Companys most recent balance sheet in the Company Existing Financial Statements.

2.6 Indebtedness; Contracts; No Defaults; Liabilities.

(a) The Company has no covenant, agreement, contract, mortgage, indenture, guarantee, note, lease, instrument, commitment, accommodation, letter of credit, arrangement, understanding, permit or license, whether written or oral, to which the Company is a party.

(b) Neither the Company, nor, to the Seller knowledge, any other person or entity, is in breach of, or in default under any Contract to which the Company is a party, and no event or action has occurred, is pending or is threatened, which, after the giving of notice, passage of time or otherwise, would constitute or result in such a breach or default by the Company or, to the knowledge of the Seller, any other person or entity. The Company has not received any notice of default under any Contract to which it is a party, which default has not been cured to the satisfaction of, or duly waived by, the party claiming such default on or before the date hereof.

(c) Other than the Company Liabilities in the amount of $190,452 disclosed in the Buyers audit of the Company, the Company does not have any obligations or liabilities of any nature (matured or unmatured, fixed or contingent).

4

2.7 Assets. The Company does not own or lease any real property. The Company does not own or lease any assets or personal property.

2.8 Compliance.

(a) The Company is not conducting its respective business or affairs in violation of any applicable federal, state, local, foreign or other law, ordinance, rule, regulation, court or administrative order, decree or process, or any requirement of insurance carriers. The Company has not received any notice of violation or claimed violation of any such law, ordinance, rule, regulation, order, decree, process or requirement.

(b) The Company is in compliance with all applicable federal, state, local, foreign and other laws, rules and regulations. There are no claims, notices, actions, suits, hearings, investigations, inquiries or proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of the Seller, threatened against the Company, and there are no past or present conditions that the Seller or the Company has reason to believe may give rise to any liability or other obligations of the Company under any circumstances.

2.9 Permits and Licenses. The Company has all certificates of occupancy, rights, permits, certificates, licenses, franchises, approvals and other authorizations as are reasonably necessary to conduct its business and to own, lease, use, operate and occupy its assets, at the places and in the manner now conducted and operated. There are no claims, notices, actions, suits, hearings, investigations, inquiries or proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of the Seller, threatened against the Company, and there are no past or present conditions that the Seller or the Company has reason to believe may give rise to any liability or other obligations of the Company pertaining to the failure to obtain any material permit, certificate, license, approval or other authorization required by any federal, state, local or foreign agency or other regulatory body, the failure of which to obtain would materially and adversely affect its business.

2.10 Litigation.

(a) There are no claims, notices, actions, suits, hearings, investigations, inquiries or proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of the Seller, threatened, against or affecting the business of the Company, or challenging the validity or propriety of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and there are no past or present conditions that the Seller or the Company has reason to believe may give rise to any liability or other obligations of the Company, at law or in equity or admiralty or before any federal, state, local, foreign or other governmental authority, board, agency, commission or instrumentality, nor has any such claim, dispute, action, suit, proceeding or investigation been pending or threatened during the twelve (12) month period preceding the date hereof;

(b) There is no outstanding judgment, order, writ, ruling, injunction, stipulation or decree of any court, arbitrator or federal, state, local, foreign or other governmental authority, board, agency, commission or instrumentality, against or affecting the business of the Company; and

(c) The Company has not received any written or verbal inquiry from any federal, state, local, foreign or other governmental authority, board, agency, commission or instrumentality concerning the possible violation of any law, rule or regulation or any matter disclosed in respect of its business.

5

2.11 Insurance. The Company does not currently maintain any form of insurance.

2.12 Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws; Minute Books. Copies of the Companys Certificate of Incorporation and its Bylaws have been provided to the Buyer. Such copies of the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws (or similar governing documents) of the Company, and all amendments to each as provided are true, correct and complete. The minute books of the Company as forwarded to the Buyer contain true, correct and complete records of all meetings and consents in lieu of meetings of its Board of Directors of the Company (and any committees thereof), or similar governing bodies, since the time of its organization. The stock books and the stockholder list of the Company as forwarded to the Buyer are true, correct and complete.

2.13 Employee Benefit Plans. The Company does not maintain, nor has the Company maintained in the past, any employee benefit plans (as defined in Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA)), or any plans, programs, policies, practices, arrangements or contracts (whether group or individual) providing for payments, benefits or reimbursements to employees, officers or consultants of the Company, former employees, officers or consultants of the Company, their beneficiaries and dependents under which such employees, officers or consultants, former employees, officers or consultants, their beneficiaries and dependents are covered through an employment relationship with the Company, any entity required to be aggregated in a controlled group or affiliated service group with the Company for purposes of ERISA or the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code), including, without limitation, under Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code or Section 4001 of ERISA, at any relevant time.

2.14 Patents; Trademarks and Intellectual Property Rights. The Company does not own or possess any patents, trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights, mask-works, trade secrets, licenses, information, data, Internet web site(s) or proprietary rights of any nature. The business conducted by the Company has not and will not cause the Company to infringe or violate any of the patents, trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights, mask-works, licenses, trade secrets, processes, data, know-how or other intellectual property rights of any other person or entity. The Company owns the entire right, title and interest in and to, and has the exclusive perpetual royalty-free right to use, the Intellectual Property, free and clear of all Liens.

2.15 Environmental Matters. The Company has never: (i) operated any underground storage tanks at any property that the Company has at any time owned, operated, occupied or leased; or (ii) illegally released any material amount of any substance that has been designated by any Governmental Entity or by applicable federal, state, local, foreign or other law to be radioactive, toxic, hazardous or otherwise a danger to health or the environment, including, without limitation, asbestos, petroleum, and urea-formaldehyde and all substances listed as hazardous substances pursuant to the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980, as amended, or defined as a hazardous waste pursuant to the United States Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976, as amended, and the regulations promulgated pursuant to said laws, but excluding office and janitorial supplies properly and safely maintained. The Company, its business and its assets have been and are in compliance with all federal, state, local, foreign and other environmental laws, rules and regulations.

6

2.16 Brokers. Neither the Company nor the Seller has agreed to or incurred any obligation or other liability that could be claimed against the Company, the Seller or the Buyer or any other person for any finders fee, brokerage commission or similar payment.

2.17 Affiliate Transactions. No officer, director, employee or other affiliate of the Company (or any of the relatives or affiliates of any of the aforementioned persons) is a party to any agreement, contract, commitment or transaction with the Company or affecting the business of the Company, or has any interest in any property, whether real, personal or mixed, or tangible or intangible, used in or necessary to the Company which will subject the Company to any liability or obligation from and after the Closing Date.

2.18 Disclosure Schedules. All lists or other statements, information or documents set forth in, or attached to any Disclosure Schedules provided pursuant to this Agreement or delivered hereunder shall be deemed to be representations and warranties by the Company with the same force and effect as if such lists, statements, information and documents were set forth herein. Any list, statement, document or any information set forth in, or attached to any Disclosure Schedules provided pursuant to this Agreement or delivered hereunder shall not be deemed to constitute disclosure for the purposes of any other Disclosure Schedules provided pursuant to this Agreement unless specific cross reference is made and shall survive after the Closing.

2.19 Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Seller included in this Agreement and any list, statement, document or information set forth in, attached to any Disclosure Schedules and Exhibits provided pursuant to this Agreement or delivered hereunder, are true and complete in all material respects and do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated herein or therein or necessary to make the statements contained herein or therein not misleading, under the circumstance under which they were made and shall survive after the Closing as set forth herein.

ARTICLE III

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE BUYER

The Buyer hereby represents and warrants to the Seller that now and as of the Closing:

3.1 Authority Relative to this Agreement. The Buyer has the requisite power and authority to enter into this Agreement and carry out its obligations hereunder. This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by the Buyer and constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Buyer, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as such enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally or by general principles of equity.

3.2 Buyer Representation Regarding the Securities. The Buyer understands that the Shares are restricted securities and have not been registered under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and the Buyer is acquiring the Shares as principal for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or reselling the Shares or any part thereof, has no present intention of distributing any of the Shares and has no arrangement or understanding with any other persons regarding the distribution of the Shares (this representation and warranty not limiting the Buyers right to sell the Shares in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws).

7

3.3 Experience of the Buyer. The Buyer, either alone or together with its representatives, have such knowledge, sophistication and experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the Shares, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. The Buyer is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Shares and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

3.4 General Solicitation. The Buyer is not receiving the Shares as a result of any advertisement, article, notice or other communication regarding the Shares published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or presented at any seminar or any other general solicitation or general advertisement.

3.5 Buyer Common Stock. As of February 9, 2025, Issuer has:

(a) authorized capital stock which consists of 450,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of which 120,000,000 shares of common stock are issued and outstanding. All of such outstanding shares have been validly issued and are fully paid and nonassessable. No shares of Common Stock are subject to preemptive rights or any other similar rights or any liens or encumbrances suffered or permitted by Issuer; and

(b) no outstanding warrants to purchase shares of common stock; and

The Acquisition Shares, when issued in connection with this Agreement and the other Transactional Agreements, will be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. Buyer agrees and covenants to Seller to issue to Seller any Acquisition Shares as promptly as possible after the Closing Date that remain unissued in full payment of the Purchase Price to Seller.

3.6 SEC Documents. The Buyer makes reference to all documents filed by the Company with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC), as posted on the SECs website, www.sec.gov: (collectively, the SEC Documents). The SEC Documents constitute all of the documents and reports that the Company was required to file with the SEC pursuant to the Securities Act and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder by the SEC. The financial statements together with the notes thereto, included in the SEC Documents (all such statements being referred to collectively as the Company Existing Financial Statements), have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles applied on a basis consistent throughout all periods presented. These Company Existing Financial Statements present fairly the financial position of the Company as of the dates and for the periods indicated. The books of account and other financial records of the Company have been maintained in accordance with applicable legal and accounting requirements (including U.S. generally accepted accounting principles) and the Company Existing Financial Statements are consistent with such books and records.

8

(a) Since the date of the latest Company Existing Financial Statements, (the Most Recent Date), there has been no material adverse change in the condition, financial or otherwise, net worth, prospects or results of operations of the Company. Without limiting the foregoing, since the Most Recent Date:

(i) the Company has not sold, leased, transferred or assigned any of its assets, tangible or intangible, other than in the ordinary course of business;

(ii) the Company has not entered into any Contract;

(iii) no party (including the Company) has accelerated, terminated, modified or canceled any Contract to which the Company is a party or by which the Company or its assets are bound;

(iv) the Company has not made any capital expenditure (or series of related capital expenditures) of whatever nature;

(v) the Company has not made any capital investments in, any loans to, or any acquisitions of the securities or assets of any other person (or a series of related capital investments, loans and acquisitions);

(vi) declared or paid any dividends or made any other distribution to its stockholders whether or not upon or in respect of any shares of its capital stock;

(vii) redeemed or otherwise acquired any shares of its capital stock (except upon the exercise of outstanding options) or any option, warrant or right relating thereto;

(viii) the Company has not issued any notes, bonds or other debt securities, or created, incurred, assumed or guaranteed any Liens, liabilities, obligations or indebtedness for borrowed money or capitalized lease obligation;

(ix) the Company has not canceled, compromised, waived or released any right or claim (or series of related rights and claims) or material indebtedness;

(x) the Company has not made any loans to, or entered into any other transactions with, any of its directors, officers, or employees;

(xi) the Company has not hired any employees or consultants; and

(xii) the Company has not committed to do any of the foregoing.

ARTICLE IV

COVENANTS

4.1 Resignation and Appointment of the Companys Officers and Directors. Effective as of the Closing Date, (a) the Seller will cause the Companys officers to resign and be duly replaced by the Buyers designees; and (b) the Seller will cause the Companys directors to resign and be duly replaced by Buyers designees. The Seller shall deliver to the Buyer written resignations, effective as of the Closing Date, of the officers and directors of the Company.

9

4.2 Cooperation and Exchange of Information with regard to SEC Filings. The Seller shall provide the Buyer with such cooperation and information as the Buyer reasonably may request of the Seller in filing any document with the SEC or the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. on behalf of the Company relating to any period occurring on or prior to the Closing Date, including any schedule or attachment thereto, and including any amendment.

4.3 Cooperation and Exchange of Information with regard to Taxes. The Seller shall provide the Buyer with such cooperation and information as the Buyer reasonably may request of the Seller in filing any tax return, declaration, report, claim for refund, information return or statement or other document relating to Taxes, including any schedule or attachment thereto, and including any amendment thereof of the Company and in connection with any audit or other proceeding in respect of Taxes of the Company. Such cooperation and information shall include providing copies of relevant tax returns or portions thereof, together with accompanying schedules, related work papers and documents relating to rulings or other determinations by tax authorities. The Seller shall deliver all tax returns, schedules and work papers, records and other documents in its possession relating to Tax matters of the Company for any taxable period beginning before the Closing Date to the Buyer.

4.4 No Inconsistent Action. Neither the Seller nor the Buyer will take any action which is inconsistent with their respective obligations under this Agreement.

ARTICLE V

DELIVERIES & CONDITIONS

5.1 Items to be delivered to the Buyer at the Closing by the Seller. The Buyers obligation to purchase the Shares hereunder is conditioned on the following closing conditions and deliveries:

(a) Delivery by the Seller of the following:

(i) The Companys Certificate of Incorporation and amendments thereto, Bylaws and amendments thereto;

(ii) All minutes and resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Company and of the stockholders (and meetings of stockholders) in possession of the Company;

(iii) Stockholder list of the Company, listing the names of record, addresses and number of shares held as of the Closing Date, certified by the Companys transfer agent;

(iv) All books and records of the Company; all financial books, records and statements of the Company, and all Tax Returns, schedules and work papers, records and other documents relating to the Tax matters of the Company;

10

(v) A duly executed copy of this Agreement;

(vi) The Disclosure Schedules and Exhibits hereto;

(vii) Letters of resignation from the Companys current officers and directors to be effective upon the Closing and confirming that they have no claim against the Company in respect of any outstanding remuneration or fees of whatever nature to be effective upon the Closing and after the appointments, with the resignation of the directors to take effect on the Closing Date;

(viii) Executed board resolutions authorizing and approving the actions to be performed by the Company hereunder and appointing designees of the Buyer as members of the Board of Directors or officers of the Company as set forth in Exhibit A;

(ix) A certificate, executed by the Seller as of the Closing Date, certifying (1) to the fulfillment of all of the conditions to the Buyers obligations under this Agreement, (2) that each of the representations and warranties of the Seller as set forth in Article 2 of this Agreement is true and correct in all material respects as of the Closing Date as though made on and as of the Closing Date and (3) as to the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws of the Company, as in effect on and as of the Closing Date.

(x) The Share Certificates;

(xi) Good standing and existence certificates for the Company from the State of Nevada;

(xii) An instruction letter issued by the Company to the Companys transfer agent authorizing and instructing the transfer of the Shares from the Seller to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement and the signed instruments of transfer for the Share Certificates and any other documents or legal opinions by the Companys legal counsel required for the transfer of the Shares; and

(xiii) Any other document listed in Section 1.3 or reasonably requested by the Buyer that the Buyer deems necessary for the consummation of this transaction.

(b) The Buyer is satisfied with its due diligence investigation of the Company, in its sole discretion;

(c) The Buyers designees for the officer and director positions of the Company shall have been duly appointed; and

(d) The representations and warranties set forth in Article 2 of this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects.

5.2 Items to be delivered at the Closing by Buyer. The Sellers obligations to sell the Shares hereunder is conditioned on the following closing conditions and deliveries by the Buyer:

(a) A duly executed copy of this Agreement;

11

(b) The Disclosure Schedules and Exhibits hereto;

(c) An authorized officer of the Buyer shall deliver to the Seller at the Closing a certificate certifying that each of the representations and warranties of the Buyer as set forth in Section 3 of this Agreement is true and correct in all material respects as of the Closing Date as though made on and as of the Closing Date;

(d) Any other document reasonably requested by the Seller that he deems necessary for the consummation of this transaction; and

(e) The Purchase Price.

ARTICLE VI

INDEMNIFICATION

6.1 Indemnification.

(a) Obligation of the Seller to Indemnify. The Seller, jointly and severally, shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Buyer (and its directors, officers, employees, affiliates, stockholders, debenture holders, agents, attorneys, successors and assigns) from and against all losses, liabilities, damages, deficiencies, costs or expenses (including interest, penalties and reasonable attorneys and consultants fees and disbursements) (collectively, Losses) based upon, arising out of or otherwise in respect of any (i) inaccuracy in any representation or warranty of the Seller contained in this Agreement or (ii) breach by the Seller of any covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement.

(b) Obligation of the Buyer to Indemnify. The Buyer agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Seller from and against all Losses based upon, arising out of or otherwise in respect of any (i) inaccuracy in any representation or warranty of the Buyer contained in this Agreement or (ii) breach by the Buyer of any covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement.

(c) Notice and Opportunity to Defend. Promptly after receipt by any person entitled to indemnity under this Agreement (an Indemnitee) of notice of any demand, claim or circumstances which, with the lapse of time, would or might give rise to a claim or the commencement (or threatened commencement) of any action, proceeding or investigation (an Asserted Liability) that may result in a Loss, the Indemnitee shall give notice thereof (the Claims Notice) to any other party (or parties) who is or may be obligated to provide indemnification pursuant to Section 6.1(a) (the Indemnifying Party). The Claims Notice shall describe the Asserted Liability in reasonable detail and shall indicate the amount (estimated, if necessary and to the extent feasible) of the Loss that has been or may be suffered by the Indemnitee.

12

(d) The Indemnifying Party may elect to compromise or defend, at its own expense and by its own counsel, any Asserted Liability. If the Indemnifying Party elects to compromise or defend such Asserted Liability, it shall within thirty (30) days after the date the Claims Notice is given (or sooner, if the nature of the Asserted Liability so requires) notify the Indemnitee of its intent to do so, and the Indemnitee shall cooperate, at the expense of the Indemnifying Party, in the compromise of, or defense against, such Asserted Liability. If the Indemnifying Party elects not to compromise or defend the Asserted Liability, fails to notify the Indemnitee of its election as herein provided or contests its obligation to indemnify under this Agreement, the Indemnitee may pay, compromise or defend such Asserted Liability and all reasonable expenses incurred by the Indemnitee in defending or compromising such Asserted Liability, all amounts required to be paid in connection with any such Asserted Liability pursuant to the determination of any court, governmental or regulatory body or arbitrator, and amounts required to be paid in connection with any compromise or settlement consented to by the Indemnitee, shall be borne by the Indemnifying Party. Except as otherwise provided in the immediately preceding sentence, the Indemnitee may not settle or compromise any claim over the objection of the Indemnifying Party. In any event, the Indemnitee and the Indemnifying Party may participate, at their own expense, in (but the Indemnitee may not control) the defense of such Asserted Liability. If the Indemnifying Party chooses to defend any claim, the Indemnitee shall make available to the Indemnifying Party any books, records or other documents within its control that are necessary or appropriate for such defense.

6.2 Tax Indemnification. The Seller shall indemnify the Company, the Buyer, and each Buyer Indemnitee and hold them harmless from and against (a) any Loss attributable to any breach of or inaccuracy in any representation or warranty made in Section 2.6; (b) any Loss attributable to any breach or violation of, or failure to fully perform, any covenant, agreement, undertaking or obligation in this Section 6.2; (c) all Taxes of the Company or relating to the business of the Company for all pre-Closing Tax periods; and (d) any and all Taxes of any person imposed on the Company arising under the principles of transferee or successor liability or by contract, relating to an event or transaction occurring before the Closing Date. In each of the above cases, together with any out-of-pocket fees and expenses (including attorneys and accountants fees) incurred in connection therewith. The Seller shall reimburse the Buyer for any Taxes of the Company that are the responsibility of the Seller pursuant this Section 6.2 within ten (10) business days after payment of such Taxes by the Buyer or the Company. In the case of Taxes that are payable with respect to taxable period that begins before and ends after the Closing Date (each such period, a Straddle Period), the portion of any such Taxes that are treated as pre-Closing Taxes for purposes of this Agreement shall be: (a) in the case of Taxes based upon, or related to, income or receipts, deemed equal to the amount which would be payable if the taxable year ended with the Closing Date; and (b) in the case of other Taxes, deemed to be the amount of such Taxes for the entire period multiplied by a fraction the numerator of which is the number of days in the period ending on the Closing Date and the denominator of which is the number of days in the entire period.

ARTICLE VII

MISCELLANEOUS

7.1 Survival of Representations, Warranties and Agreements. All representations, warranties and statements made by a Party in this Agreement or in any document or certificate delivered pursuant hereto shall survive the Closing Date. Each of the Parties hereto is executing and carrying out the provisions of this Agreement in reliance upon the representations, warranties and covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement or at the Closing of the transactions herein provided for and not upon any investigation which it might have made or any representation, warranty, agreement, promise or information, written or oral, made by the other Party or any other person other than as specifically set forth herein.

13

7.2 Access to Books and Records. During the course of this transaction, the Seller agrees to make available for inspection all Company corporate books, records and assets, and otherwise afford the Buyer and its respective representatives, reasonable access to all documentation and other information concerning the business, financial and legal conditions of the Company for the purpose of conducting a due diligence investigation thereof. Such due diligence investigation shall be for the purpose of satisfying each Party as to the business, financial and legal condition of the Company for the purpose of determining the desirability of consummating the proposed transaction. The Parties further agree to keep confidential and not use for their own benefit, except in accordance with this Agreement any information or documentation obtained in connection with any such investigation.

7.3 Further Assurances. If, at any time after the Closing, the Parties hereby mutually agree that any further deeds, assignments or assurances in law or any other things are necessary, desirable or proper to complete the transactions contemplated hereby in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or to vest, perfect or confirm, of record or otherwise, the title to any property or rights of the Parties hereto, the Parties agree that their proper officers and directors shall execute and deliver all such proper deeds, assignments and assurances in law and do all things necessary, desirable or proper to vest, perfect or confirm title to such property or rights and otherwise to carry out the purpose of this Agreement, and that the proper officers and directors the Parties are fully authorized to take any and all such action.

7.4 Notice. All communications, notices, requests, consents or demands given or required under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when delivered to, or received by prepaid registered or certified mail or recognized overnight courier addressed to, or upon receipt of a facsimile sent to, the Party for whom intended, as follows, or to such other address or facsimile number as may be furnished by that Party by notice in the manner provided herein:

If to the Seller: 

Summit Consumer Products Inc.

50 W. Liberty St., Suite 880

Reno, Nevada 89501

If to the Buyer: 

NFiniTi inc.

Pampana 18, La Cruz, C.P. 63734

La Cruz de Huanacaxtle

Navarit, Mexico

7.5 Entire Agreement. This Agreement, the Disclosure Schedules and Exhibits hereto, and any instruments and agreements to be executed pursuant to this Agreement, set forth the entire understanding of the Parties hereto with respect to its subject matter, merges and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings with respect to its subject matter and may not be waived or modified, in whole or in part, except by a writing signed by each of the Parties hereto. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement in any instance shall be deemed to be a waiver of the same or any other provision in any other instance. Failure of any Party to enforce any provision of this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of its rights under such provision.

14

7.6 Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon, enforceable against and inure to the benefit of, the Parties hereto and their respective heirs, administrators, executors, personal representatives, successors and assigns, and nothing herein is intended to confer any right, remedy or benefit upon any other person. This Agreement may not be assigned by the Seller except with the prior written consent of the Buyer. This Agreement and all of the obligations of the Seller may be assigned by the Buyer without the prior notice to the Seller or written consent of the Seller and upon assignment, all of the rights and obligations of the Buyer shall be the rights and obligations of the Buyers designated assignee.

7.7 Amendment and Modification, Waiver. This Agreement may only be amended, modified or supplemented by an agreement in writing signed by each Party hereto. No waiver by any Party of any of the provisions hereof shall be effective unless explicitly set forth in writing and signed by the Party so waiving. No waiver by any Party shall operate or be construed as a waiver in respect of any failure, breach or default not expressly identified by such written waiver, whether of a similar or different character, and whether occurring before or after that waiver. No failure to exercise, or delay in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege arising from this Agreement shall operate or be construed as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege.

7.8 Governing Law. This Agreement shall in all respects be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada that are applicable to agreements made and fully to be performed in such state, without giving effect to conflicts of law principles.

7.9 Consent to Jurisdiction; Services of Process and Venue. WHILE THE PARTIES HAVE AGREED TO ARBITRATION, IF THE PARTIES DO NOT ARBITRATE, ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT, OR ANY INSTRUMENT OR AGREEMENT TO BE EXECUTED PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE BROUGHT IN THE STATE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEVADA IN THE COUNTY OF LOS ANGELES, AND, BY EXECUTION AND DELIVERY OF THIS AGREEMENT, EACH OF THE PARTIES HEREBY IRREVOCABLY ACCEPTS IN RESPECT OF ITS PROPERTY, GENERALLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY, THE JURISDICTION OF THE AFORESAID COURTS. THE SELLER IRREVOCABLY CONSENT TO THE SERVICE OF PROCESS OUT OF ANY OF THE AFOREMENTIONED COURTS AND IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING (A) BY SERVING A COPY THEREOF UPON THE AGENT FOR SERVICE OF PROCESS AND (B) MAILING OF A COPY THEREOF BY REGISTERED OR CERTIFIED MAIL, POSTAGE PREPAID, TO THE ADDRESS FOR NOTICES AS SET FORTH IN SECTION 7.4, SUCH SERVICE TO BECOME EFFECTIVE TEN (10) DAYS AFTER SUCH MAILING. THE SELLER AGREES THAT FAILURE BY THE AGENT FOR SERVICE OF PROCESS TO NOTIFY THE SELLER OF ANY PROCESS SHALL NOT INVALIDATE THE PROCEEDINGS CONCERNED. IN THE EVENT THAT THE APPOINTED AGENT FOR SERVICE OF PROCESS CANNOT OR UNWILLING TO SERVE AS AGENT FOR SERVICE OF PROCESS, THE SELLER SHALL APPOINT ANOTHER AGENT FOR SERVICE OF PROCESS SATISFACTORY TO THE BUYER. THE SELLER AGREE THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS IN ANY MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING HEREIN SHALL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF THE BUYER TO EFFECT SERVICE OF PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW OR TO COMMENCE LEGAL PROCEEDINGS OR OTHERWISE PROCEED AGAINST THE SELLER IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHICH THE SELLER SHALL BE FOUND. THE SELLER HEREBY EXPRESSLY AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY OBJECTION WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE JURISDICTION OR VENUE OF ANY SUCH LITIGATION BROUGHT IN ANY SUCH COURT REFERRED TO ABOVE AND ANY CLAIM THAT ANY SUCH LITIGATION HAS BEEN BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM. TO THE EXTENT THAT THE SELLER HAS OR HEREAFTER MAY ACQUIRE ANY IMMUNITY FROM JURISDICTION OF ANY COURT OR FROM ANY LEGAL PROCESS (WHETHER THROUGH SERVICE OR NOTICE, ATTACHMENT PRIOR TO JUDGMENT, ATTACHMENT IN AID OF EXECUTION OR OTHERWISE) WITH RESPECT TO ITSELF OR ITS PROPERTY, THE SELLER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES SUCH IMMUNITY IN RESPECT OF ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER RELATED DOCUMENTS.

15

7.10 Attorneys Fees. In the event that any dispute between the Parties should result in arbitration or litigation, the prevailing party in such dispute shall be entitled to recover from the other party all reasonable fees, costs and expenses of enforcing any right of the prevailing party, including without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees and expenses, all of which shall be deemed to have accrued upon the commencement of such action and shall be paid whether or not such action is prosecuted to judgment. Any judgment or order entered in such action shall contain a specific provision providing for the recovery of attorneys fees and costs incurred in enforcing such judgment and an award of prejudgment interest from the date of the breach at the maximum rate allowed by law.

7.11 Construction. Headings contained in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not be used in the interpretation of this Agreement. References herein to Articles, Sections and Exhibits are to the articles, sections and exhibits, respectively, of this Agreement. The Disclosure Schedules and Exhibits hereto are hereby incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this Agreement. As used herein, the singular includes the plural, and the masculine, feminine and neuter gender each includes the others where the context so indicates.

7.12 Severability. If any term or provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, this Agreement shall be interpreted and enforceable as if such provision were severed or limited, but only to the extent necessary to render such provision and this Agreement enforceable. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the Parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in a mutually acceptable manner in order that the transactions contemplated hereby be consummated as originally contemplated to the greatest extent possible.

7.13 Confidentiality; Public Disclosure. Except as otherwise required by law, stock exchange, listing agency or similar body, each of the Parties hereto hereby agrees that the information obtained pursuant to the negotiation and execution of this Agreement shall be treated as confidential and not be disclosed to third parties who are not agents of one of the Parties to this Agreement.

7.14 Notification of Certain Matters. Each Party shall give prompt notice to the other of (i) the occurrence or non-occurrence of any event, the occurrence or non-occurrence of which is likely to cause any representation or warranty of such party contained in this Agreement to be untrue or inaccurate and (ii) any failure of such Party to comply with or satisfy any covenant, condition or agreement to be complied with or satisfied by it hereunder; provided, however, that the delivery of any notice pursuant to this Section shall not limit or otherwise affect any remedies available to the Party receiving such notice. Further, disclosure pursuant to this Section shall not be deemed to amend or supplement the Disclosure Schedules or Exhibits hereto or prevent or cure any misrepresentations, breach of warranty or breach of covenant.

7.15 Rules of Construction. The parties hereto agree that they have been represented by counsel during the negotiation and execution of this Agreement and, therefore, waive the application of any law, regulation, holding or rule of construction providing that ambiguities in an agreement or other document will be construed against the Party drafting such agreement or document.

7.16 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts and by facsimile signatures. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the Party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile signature page were an original thereof. All such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument.

[Remainder of page left blank intentionally.]

16

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the Parties hereto has executed this Agreement as of the date first set forth above.

BUYER:

NFINITI INC. 

By: 

/s/ Michael Noble 

Name: Michael Noble 

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer 

SELLER:

SUMMIT CONSUMER PRODUCTS INC. 

By: 

/s/ Brian Johnston 

Name: Brian Johnston 

Title: President 

17
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>LICENSE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
nftn_ex101.htm

EXHIBIT 10.1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>nftn_ex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
<TEXT>
nftn_ex991.htm

EXHIBIT 99.1

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS REPORT

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders

Artisan Beverages, Inc.

2140 South Dupont Highway, Camden, DE 19934

Report on the Audit of the Financial Statements

Opinion

We have audited the accompanying financial statements of Artisan Beverages, Inc. (the "Company"), which comprise the balance sheet as of October 31, 2024, and the related statements of operations, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes to the financial statements.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of October 31, 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP).

Basis for Opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.

Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Going Concern

As described in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company has incurred recurring losses from operations and has a working capital deficit of $190,452 as of October 31, 2024. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Companys ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans regarding these matters are described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Our opinion is not modified with respect to this matter.

Critical Audit Matters

The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective, or complex auditor judgment. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements taken as a whole, and we are not providing separate opinions on these critical audit matters.

1. 

Going Concern Assessment

o 

The Company has significant accumulated losses and a working capital deficit, which necessitated additional audit procedures to assess management's ability to continue operations.

o 

Our audit procedures included evaluating managements plans to secure additional financing, assessing the reasonableness of forecasts, and reviewing subsequent events for indications of additional funding sources.

2. 

Related Party Transactions

o 

The Company has received financing from its president and an unrelated third party, which required detailed analysis of loan terms and disclosures.

o 

We examined supporting documentation, including loan agreements and board approvals, and assessed the adequacy of related party transaction disclosures in the financial statements.

2

Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance

Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in accordance with GAAP and for the design, implementation, and maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In performing our audit, we considered the Companys internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Companys internal control. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

The Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing the Companys financial reporting process.

Auditors Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not absolute assurance and therefore is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with PCAOB standards will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.

Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if there is a substantial likelihood that, individually or in the aggregate, they would influence the judgment made by a reasonable investor relying on the financial statements.

Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements

We have served as Artisan Beverages, Inc.s auditor since 2024.

Faiza Mehmood 

FM Financial Services LLC

77 Sugar Creek Blvd

Sugar Land, TX 77478

January 29th, 2024 

Registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB)

3

Artisan Beverages, Inc.

AuditedBalance Sheets

As of 

As of 

October 31, 2024 

October 31, 2023 

ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash 

$ - 

$ - 

Total Current Assets 

- 

- 

Total Assets 

$ - 

$ - 

LIABILITIES & STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts Payable 

$ 134,000 

$ 32,000 

Loans Payable 

42,000 

- 

Loan Payable - Related Party 

14,452 

2,130 

Total Current Liabilities 

190,452 

34,130 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Stockholders' Deficit 

Common stock, $0.001 par value, 100 shares authorized; 100 shares issued and outstanding as of October 31, 2024 and 2023 

$ 0 

$ 0 

Additional Paid-In Capital 

- 

- 

Accumulated deficit 

(190,452 ) 

(34,130 )

Total Stockholders' Deficit 

(190,452 ) 

(34,130 )

Total Liabilities & 

Stockholders' Deficit 

$ - 

$ - 

The Accompanying Notes are an Integral Part of These Financial Statements

4

Artisan Beverages, Inc.

Audited Statements of Operations

Year ended 

Year ended 

October 31, 2024 

October 31, 2023 

Revenues 

$ - 

$ - 

Expenses 

General & Administrative 

152 

- 

Management Fees 

96,000 

32,000 

Professional Fees 

60,171 

2,130 

Total Expenses 

156,322 

34,130 

Net Operating (Loss) 

(156,322 ) 

(34,130 )

Net (Loss) 

$ (156,322 ) 

$ (34,130 )

Net Loss Per Basic and Diluted share 

$ - 

$ - 

Weighted average number of Common Shares outstanding 

- 

- 

The Accompanying Notes are an Integral Part of These Financial Statements

5

Artisan Beverages, Inc.

Audited Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Deficit

For the years ended October 31, 2024 and 2023

Common

Stock 

Common

Stock

Amount 

Additional

Paid-in

Capital 

Accumulated

Deficit 

Total

Stockholders'

Deficit 

Balance, June 5, 2023 

100 

$ - 

$ - 

$ - 

$ - 

Net loss, October 31, 2023 

(34,130 ) 

(34,130 )

Balance, October 31, 2023 

100 

$ - 

$ - 

(34,130 ) 

$ (34,130 )

Net loss, October 31, 2024 

(156,322 ) 

(156,322 )

Balance, October 31, 2024 

100 

$ - 

$ - 

(190,452 ) 

$ (190,452 )

The Accompanying Notes are an Integral Part of These Financial Statements

6

Artisan Beverages, Inc.

Audited Statements of Cash Flows

Year ended

October 31, 2024 

Year ended

October 31, 2023 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net (loss) 

$ (156,322 ) 

$ (34,130 )

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts Payable 

102,000 

32,000 

Net cash (used in) operating activities 

(54,322 ) 

(2,130 )

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Loan Payable 

42,000 

- 

Loan Payable - Related Party 

12,322 

2,130 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

54,322 

2,130 

Net change in cash 

- 

- 

Cash at beginning of period 

- 

- 

Cash at end of period 

$ - 

$ - 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Cash paid during year for : 

Interest 

$ - 

$ - 

Income Taxes 

$ - 

$ - 

The Accompanying Notes are an Integral Part of These Financial Statements

7

Artisan Beverages, Inc.

Notes to Financial Statements

NOTE 1. ORGANIZATION AND DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS

Artisan Beverages, Inc. was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on June 5, 2023. Artisan Beverages is a U.S.-based alcoholic beverage company that specializes in producing ready-to-drink cocktails. The company holds the exclusive license to manufacture TGI Fridays-branded beverages across the Western Hemisphere. Additionally, Artisan owns the Tipsy Tails brand, which features a variety of canned cocktails. The company is set to initiate production in the eastern United States and Mexico, with plans for future expansion into Central America.

The Company is in the development stage and has commenced limited operations.

NOTE 2. GOING CONCERN

The accompanying financial statements are presented on a going concern basis. The Company has had limited operations during the period from June 5, 2023 (date of inception) to October 31, 2024 and generated an accumulated deficit of $190,452. This condition raises substantial doubt about the Companys ability to continue as a going concern. The Company is currently in the development stage with minimal operations and expenses, the Company has no current cash to cover the expenses they will incur during the next twelve months in a limited operations scenario or until it raises additional funding. The Company is dependent upon loans from its president and unrelated parties for operating capital. As of October 31, 2024, the Company had a working capital deficit of $190,452 and $0 cash, compared to a working capital deficit of $34,130 and cash of

$0 as of October 31, 2023.

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.

NOTE 3. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Basis of Accounting

The Companys financial statements are prepared using the accrual method of accounting. The Company has elected an October 31, year-end.

Basic Earnings (loss) Per Share

ASC No. 260, Earnings Per Share, specifies the computation, presentation, and disclosure requirements for earnings (loss) per share for entities with publicly held common stock. Basic net earnings (loss) per share amounts is computed by dividing the net earnings (loss) by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted earnings (loss) per share are the same as basic earnings (loss) per share due to the lack of dilutive items in the Company.

Cash Equivalents

The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.

8

Artisan Beverages, Inc.

Notes to Financial Statements

NOTE 3. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Use of Estimates and Assumptions

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Fair Value of Financial Instruments

The carrying amount of cash, account payable, loans payable related parties approximate their estimated fair value due to the short-term maturities of these financial instruments.

Income Taxes

Income taxes are provided for the tax effects of transactions reported in the financial statements and consist of taxes currently due plus deferred income taxes. Deferred income taxes are recognized for temporary differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities that will result in taxable or deductible amounts in the future. Deferred income taxes are also recognized for net operating loss carryforwards that are available to offset future taxable income and research and development credits.

Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.

ASC 740, clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in the financial statements. ASC 740 provides that a tax benefit from an uncertain tax position may be recognized when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including resolutions of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position. Income tax positions must meet a more- likely-than-not recognition threshold to be recognized. ASC 740 also provides guidance on measurement, derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure and transition. We have determined that the Company does not have uncertain tax positions on its tax returns for the years 2023 and prior. Based on evaluation of the 2022 transactions and events, the Company does not have any material uncertain tax positions that require measurement. Because the Company had a full valuation allowance on its deferred tax assets as of the years ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company has not recognized any tax benefits since inception.

Our policy is to recognize interest and/or penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense. We had no accrual for interest or penalties on our balance sheets at October 31, 2024 or 2023, and have not recognized interest and/or penalties in the statement of operations for the years ended October 31, 2024 or 2023.

Revenue

The Company records revenue on an accrual basis when all goods and services have been performed and delivered, the amounts are readily determinable, and collection is reasonably assured. The Company has not generated any revenue since its inception.

Advertising

The Company will expense its advertising when incurred. There has been no advertising since inception.

9

Artisan Beverages, Inc.

Notes to Financial Statements

NOTE 3. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Stock-Based Compensation

The Company will account for equity awards issued to employees and non-employees for services rendered in accordance with the provisions of ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation. These transactions are accounted for based on the grant date fair value of the equity award issued. A resulting compensations expense is recorded over the requisite service period, which is typically the vesting period.

NOTE 4. RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUCEMENTS

The Company has evaluated all the recent accounting pronouncements through the date the financial statements were issued and believes that none of them will have a material effect on the Companys financial statements.

NOTE 5. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

As of October 31, 2024 and 2023, $14,452 and $2,130 was owed to Brian Johnson, current president and sole director of the Company from funds loaned by him to the Company and is non-interest bearing with no specific repayment terms.

As of October 31, 2024, $42,000 was owed to an unrelated party of the Company from funds loaned by them to the Company and is non-interest bearing with no specific repayment terms.

The sole officer and director of the Company may, in the future, become involved in other business opportunities as they become available, he may face a conflict in selecting between the Company and his other business opportunities. The Company has not formulated a policy for the resolution on such conflicts.

NOTE 6. STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT

The stockholders deficit section of the Company contains the following classes of capital stock as of October 31, 2024 and October 31, 2023:

Common stock, $ 0.001 par value: 100 shares authorized; 0 shares issued and outstanding.

NOTE 7. INCOME TAXES AND NET OPERATING LOSSES

Income Taxes

a) 

The income tax provision differs from the amount of income tax determined by applying the U.S. federal income tax rate to pretax income from continuing operations for the years ended October 31, 2024 and 2023.

10

Artisan Beverages, Inc.

Notes to Financial Statements

NOTE 7. INCOME TAXES AND NET OPERATING LOSSES (Continued)

2024 

2023 

Net (loss) before income taxes 

$ (156,322 ) 

$ (34,130 )

Adjusted net loss for tax purposes 

(156,322 ) 

(34,130 )

Statutory rate 

21 % 

21 %

(32,828 ) 

(7,167 )

Valuation allowance 

32,828 

7,167 

Provision for income taxes 

$ - 

$ - 

b) 

Deferred Income Tax Assets

Deferred taxes are provided on a liability method, whereby deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards and deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences. Temporary differences are the differences between the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment.

c) 

Cumulative Non-Capital Losses

At October 31, 2024, the Company had net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $190,452 that may be offset against future taxable income for the year 2024 through 2044. No tax benefit from continuing or discontinued operations have been reported in the October 31, 2024 consolidated financial statements since the potential tax benefit is offset by a valuation allowance of the same amount.

Due to change in ownership provisions of the Tax Reform Act of 1986, net operation loss carryforwards for Federal income tax reporting purposes are subject to annual limitations. Should a change in ownership occur, net operating loss carryforwards may be limited as to use in future years.

The Company had no accruals for interest and tax penalties at October 31, 2024 and 2023.

The Company does not expect the amount of unrecognized tax benefits to materially change within the next twelve months.

The Company is required to file income tax returns in the U.S. and the state of Delaware.

NOTE 8. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

The Company has evaluated events subsequent to the date these financial statements have been issued to assess the need for potential recognition or disclosure in this report. Such events were evaluated through the date these financial statements were available to be issued. Based upon this evaluation, it was determined that no subsequent events occurred that require recognition or disclosure in the financial statements.

11
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>nftn_ex992.htm
<DESCRIPTION>UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
<TEXT>
nftn_ex992.htm

EXHIBIT 99.2

NFiniTi inc.

PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED BALANCE SHEET

as of October 31, 2024

Unaudited

Pro Forma 

Historical 

Historical 

Pro Forma 

Condensed 

NFiniTi inc. 

Artisan 

Adjustments 

Note 

Combined 

ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash 

$ 

$ 

$ - 

Total Assets 

$ 

$ 

$ - 

LIABILITIES & STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT

Current Liabilities 

Accounts Payable 

$ 8,571 

$ 134,000 

$ 142,571 

Loans Payable - Other 

$ 643 

$ 42,000 

$ 42,643 

Loans Payable - Shareholders 

$ 140,482 

$ 14,452 

$ 154,934 

Loan Payable - Related Party 

$ 6,744 

$ 6,744 

Total Current Liabilities 

$ 156,439 

$ 190,452 

$ 346,891 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Stockholders' Deficit 

Common stock, $0.001 par value 

$ 120,000 

0 

(a), (b) 

$ 120,000 

Additional Paid-In Capital 

$ (60,000 ) 

$ 0 

$ (250,452 )

Accumulated deficit 

$ (216,439 ) 

$ (216,439 )

Total Stockholders' Deficit 

$ (346,891 )

Total Liabilities & Stockholders' Deficit 

$ - 

The Accompanying Notes are an Integral Part of These Financial Statements

a. 

Common stock, $0.001 par value, 450,000,000 shares authorized; 120,000,000 shares issued and outstanding as of October 31, 2024

b. 

Common stock, $0.001 par value, 100 shares authorized; 100 shares issued and outstanding as of October 31, 2024

1

NFiniTi inc.

PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

as of October 31, 2024

Unaudited

Pro Forma 

Historical 

Historical 

Pro Forma 

Condensed 

NFiniTi inc. 

Artisan 

Adjustment 

Combined 

Revenues 

$ 

$ 

$ - 

Expenses 

General & Administrative 

$ 152 

$ 152 

Management Fees 

$ 

$ 96,000 

$ 96,000 

Professional Fees 

$ 22,413 

$ 60,171 

$ 82,584 

Total Expenses 

$ 22,413 

$ 156,322 

$ 178,735 

Net Operating (Loss) 

$ (22,413 ) 

$ (17,663 ) 

$ (40,076 )

Net (Loss) 

$ (22,413 ) 

$ (17,663 ) 

$ (40,076 )

Net Loss Per Basic and 

Diluted share 

Weighted average number of Common Shares outstanding 

120,000,000 

100 

The Accompanying Notes are an Integral Part of These Financial Statements

2

NFINITI INC. 

NOTES TO PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

AS OF OCTOBER 31, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

NOTE 1 BACKGROUND 

On January 31, 2025, NFiniTi inc. or the Company or NFTN completed the Share Exchange Agreement with ARTISAN Beverages Inc. or ARTISAN (the Share Exchange) for its 100% equity interest. 

The consideration of the Share Exchange totaled approximately XXXXXXXXXXX shares of the Companys common stock, at the price of $XXX equal to $XXXXXXXX 

NOTE 2 BASIS OF PRESENTATION 

Because NFTN is a shell company, ARTISAN will comprise the ongoing operations of the combined entity and its senior management will serve as the senior management of the combined entity, ARTISAN is deemed to be the accounting acquirer for accounting purposes. The transaction will be treated as a recapitalization of NFTN. Accordingly, the consolidated assets, liabilities and results of operations of NFTN will become the historical financial statements of NFTN, and ARTISAN's assets, liabilities and results of operations will be consolidated with NFTN beginning on the acquisition date. These pro forma financial statements are presented as a continuation of NFTN. 

The pro forma balance sheet as of October 31, 2024 is based on the historical financial statements of NFTN after giving effect to ARTISANs acquisition of NFTN as a reverse merger using the acquisition method of accounting and applying the assumptions and adjustments described in the notes to the pro forma financial statements as if such acquisition had occurred as of October 31, 2024 for the balance sheet for pro forma financial statements purposes. 

The pro forma financial statements have been prepared by management for illustrative purposes only and are not necessarily indicative of the financial position or results of operations in future periods. The pro forma adjustments are based on the preliminary information available at the time of the preparation of this document and assumptions that management believes are reasonable. The pro forma financial statements, including the notes thereto, are qualified in their entirety by reference to, and should be read in conjunction with NFTNs historical financial statements included elsewhere on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 31, 2024 with SEC herewith. 

The pro forma financial statements do not purport to represent what the results of operations or financial position of the combined entity would actually have been if the merger had in fact occurred on October 31, 2024, nor do they purport to project the results of operations or financial position of the combined entity for any future period or as of any date. 

These pro forma financial statements do not give effect to any restructuring costs or to any potential cost savings or other operating efficiencies that could result from the merger between NFTN and ARTISAN since such amounts, if any, are not presently determinable. 

NOTE 3 PRO FORMA ADJUSTMENTS 

The pro forma financial statements have been prepared as if the acquisition was completed on October 31, 2024 for combined balance sheet purpose and reflects the following pro forma adjustment(s): 

(a) To eliminate the accumulated deficits of NFTN incurred before the merger transaction to reflect the recapitalization of NFTN 

Dr. Additional paid-in capital 

Cr. Accumulated losses 

To reflect the issuance of 10,000,000 shares of common stock of NFTN for the acquisition of 100% of Artisan outstanding capital stock 

Dr. Additional paid-in capital 

Cr. Common stock 

13
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>nftn-20250210.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>nftn-20250210_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Document Period End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address Address Line 1 

Entity Address Address Line 2 

Entity Address City Or Town 

Entity Address State Or Province 

Country Region 

Entity Address Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Local Phone Number
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.CAL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>nftn-20250210_cal.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>nftn-20250210_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>nftn-20250210_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img250.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img231.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img230.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img229.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img228.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img227.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img226.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img225.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img224.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img223.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img222.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img221.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img220.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img219.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img218.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img217.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img216.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img232.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>29
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img233.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img249.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>31
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img248.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>32
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img247.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>33
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img246.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>34
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img245.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>35
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img244.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>36
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img243.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>37
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img242.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>38
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img241.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>39
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img240.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>40
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img239.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>41
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img238.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>42
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img237.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>43
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img236.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>44
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img235.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>45
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img234.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>46
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img215.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>47
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img214.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>48
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img196.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>49
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img195.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>50
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img194.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>51
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img193.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>52
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img192.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>53
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img191.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>54
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img190.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>55
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img189.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>56
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img188.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>57
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img187.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>58
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img186.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>59
<FILENAME>nftn_ex991img3.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>60
<FILENAME>nftn_ex991img26.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>61
<FILENAME>nftn_ex991img1.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>62
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img197.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>63
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img198.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>64
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img199.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>65
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img211.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>66
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img210.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>67
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img213.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>68
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img209.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>69
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img208.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>70
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img207.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>71
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img206.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>72
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img205.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>73
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img204.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>74
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img203.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>75
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img202.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>76
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img201.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>77
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img200.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>78
<FILENAME>nftn_ex101img212.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>80
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 10, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name NFiniTi inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001544400

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Document Period End Date Feb. 10, 2025

Entity File Number 000-52273

Entity Incorporation State Country Code NV

Entity Tax Identification Number 88-0435998

Entity Address Address Line 1 80 W. Liberty Street

Entity Address Address Line 2 Suite 880

Entity Address City Or Town Reno

Entity Address State Or Province NV

Country Region 77027

Entity Address Postal Zip Code 89501

City Area Code 778

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Local Phone Number 372-9794

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Region code of country+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CountryRegion

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>81
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>82
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>83
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>85
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
21 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://nftn.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

nftn-20250210.xsd 
nftn-20250210_cal.xml 
nftn-20250210_def.xml 
nftn-20250210_lab.xml 
nftn-20250210_pre.xml 
nftn_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
true
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>87
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>88
<FILENAME>0001477932-25-000944-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>89
<FILENAME>nftn_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001544400 

2025-02-10 
2025-02-10 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

0001544400 
false 
77027 
8-K 
2025-02-10 
NFiniTi inc. 
NV 
000-52273 
88-0435998 
80 W. Liberty Street 
Suite 880 
Reno 
NV 
89501 
778 
372-9794 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>