<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-055246.txt : 20250317
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-055246.hdr.sgml : 20250317
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250317084344
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-055246
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250314
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250317
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250317

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AMERICAN EAGLE OUTFITTERS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000919012
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-FAMILY CLOTHING STORES [5651]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				132721761
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0201

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33338
		FILM NUMBER:		25742527

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		77 HOT METAL STREET
		CITY:			PITTSBURGH
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15203
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4124323300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		77 HOT METAL STREET
		CITY:			PITTSBURGH
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15203
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d938844d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

AMERICAN EAGLE OUTFITTERS INCfalse000091901200009190122025-03-142025-03-14

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report

(Date of earliest event reported)

March 17, 2025

(March 14, 2025)

AMERICAN EAGLE OUTFITTERS, INC.

(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Delaware 1-33338 13-2721761

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

77 Hot Metal Street, 

Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15203-2329

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code: (412)432-3300

Not Applicable

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instructions A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, $0.01 par value AEO New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

On March 14, 2025, American Eagle Outfitters, Inc. (the Company) entered into an accelerated share repurchase agreement (the ASR Agreement), pursuant to its previously announced share repurchase program, with Bank of America, N.A. (Bank of America) to repurchase approximately $200 million of the Companys common stock. 

Under the ASR Agreement, the Company will make an aggregate payment of $200 million to Bank of America and will receive an aggregate initial delivery of approximately 14.5 million shares of common stock over the three consecutive trading days beginning on March 14, 2025, representing approximately 80% of the total shares that are expected to be repurchased under the ASR. The exact number of shares the Company ultimately will repurchase under the ASR Agreement will be based generally on the average of the daily volume-weighted average price per share of the common stock during the repurchase period, less a discount and subject to adjustments pursuant to the terms and conditions of the ASR Agreement. At settlement, under certain circumstances, Bank of America may be required to deliver additional shares of common stock to the Company, or under certain circumstances, the Company may be required either to deliver shares of common stock or to make a cash payment to Bank of America. Final settlement of the transactions under the ASR Agreement is expected to occur by the end of the second quarter of 2025. 

The foregoing description of the ASR Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the ASR Agreement, which is filed with this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 10.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 8.01 

Other Events. 

On March 17, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing entry into the $200 million ASR with Bank of America. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

The Company expects to fund the cash portion of the consideration payable under the ASR using available cash on hand and borrowings under the Companys existing $700 million ABL facility. 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits. 

Exhibit

No. 

Description

10.1 Accelerated Share Repurchase Agreement, dated March 14, 2025, by and between American Eagle Outfitters, Inc. and Bank of America, N.A. 

99.1 Press Release, dated March 17, 2025. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101).

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

Date: March 17, 2025 AMERICAN EAGLE OUTFITTERS, INC.

/s/ Michael A. Mathias

Michael A. Mathias

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d938844dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

March 14, 2025

To: American Eagle Outfitters, Inc.

77 Hot Metal Street

Pittsburgh, PA 15203

Attn: [***]

Telephone: [***]

Email: [***]

From: Bank of America, N.A.

Bank of America Tower at One Bryant Park

New York, New York 10036

Attention: Strategic Equity Solutions Group

Telephone: [***]

Email: [***]

Re: Issuer Forward Repurchase Transaction

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

The purpose of this communication (this Confirmation) is to confirm the terms and conditions of the Transaction entered
into between Bank of America, N.A. (BofA) and American Eagle Outfitters, Inc. (Counterparty) on the Trade Date specified below (the Transaction). The terms of the Transaction shall be set
forth in this Confirmation. This Confirmation shall constitute a Confirmation as referred to in the ISDA Master Agreement specified below. 

1. This Confirmation is subject to, and incorporates, the definitions and provisions of the 2006 ISDA Definitions (including the Annex thereto)
(the 2006 Definitions) and the definitions and provisions of the 2002 ISDA Equity Derivatives Definitions (the Equity Definitions, and together with the 2006 Definitions, the Definitions), in
each case as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA). In the event of any inconsistency between the 2006 Definitions and the Equity Definitions, the Equity Definitions will govern. 

This Confirmation evidences a complete and binding agreement between BofA and Counterparty as to the terms of the Transaction to which this
Confirmation relates. This Confirmation shall be subject to an agreement (the Agreement) in the form of the 2002 ISDA Master Agreement as if BofA and Counterparty had executed an agreement in such form (without any Schedule but
with the elections set forth in this Confirmation). The Transaction shall be the only Transaction under the Agreement. 

All provisions
contained in, or incorporated by reference to, the Agreement will govern this Confirmation except as expressly modified herein. In the event of any inconsistency between this Confirmation and either the Definitions or the Agreement, this
Confirmation shall govern. The Transaction is a Share Forward Transaction within the meaning set forth in the Equity Definitions. 

2. The
terms of the particular Transaction to which this Confirmation relates are as follows: 

General Terms: 

Trade Date: 

March 14, 2025

Seller: 

BofA

Buyer: 

Counterparty

Shares: The common stock of Counterparty, par value USD 0.01 per share (Ticker Symbol: AEO)

Prepayment: Applicable

Prepayment Amount: As provided in Annex B to this Confirmation.

Prepayment Date: The first Exchange Business Day following the Trade Date

Exchange: New York

Related Exchange(s): All Exchanges

Calculation Agent: Bank of America, N.A. Whenever the Calculation Agent is required to act or to exercise judgment in any way with respect to any Transaction hereunder, it will do so in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. Upon receipt
of a written request from Counterparty, the Calculation Agent shall promptly provide Counterparty with a written explanation describing in reasonable detail any calculation or adjustment made by it (including any quotations, market data or
information from internal or external sources used in making such calculation or adjustment, as the case may be, but it being understood that the Calculation Agent shall not be obligated to disclose any proprietary or confidential models or other
information that may be proprietary or subject to contractual, legal or regulatory obligations to not disclose such information), and the Calculation Agent shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide such written explanation within five
(5) Exchange Business Days from the receipt of such request.

Valuation Terms: 

Averaging Dates: Each of the consecutive Exchange Business Days commencing on, and including, the Exchange Business Day immediately following the Trade Date and ending on, and including, the Final Averaging Date.

Final Averaging Date: The Scheduled Final Averaging Date; provided that BofA shall have the right, in its reasonable discretion, at any time to accelerate the Final Averaging Date, in whole or in part, to any Exchange Business Day that is on or
after the Scheduled Earliest Acceleration Date by written notice to Counterparty no later than 8:00 P.M., New York City time, on the Exchange Business Day immediately following the accelerated Final Averaging Date (such accelerated Final Averaging
Date, the Acceleration Date).

In the case of any acceleration of the Final Averaging Date in part (a Partial Acceleration), BofA shall specify in its written notice to Counterparty accelerating the Final Averaging Date the corresponding
percentage of the Prepayment Amount that is subject to valuation on the related Valuation Date, and Calculation Agent shall adjust the terms of the Transaction as it deems appropriate, in a commercially reasonable manner, in order to take into
account the occurrence of such Partial Acceleration (including cumulative adjustments to take into account all Partial Accelerations that occur during the term of the Transaction).

On the Final Averaging Date (or, if the Final Averaging Date is the Acceleration Date, one Exchange Business Day thereafter), the Calculation Agent shall calculate the Number of Shares to be Delivered and notify the parties
thereof.

2 

Scheduled Final Averaging Date: As provided in Annex B to this Confirmation.

Scheduled Earliest Acceleration Date: As provided in Annex B to this Confirmation.

Valuation Date: The Final Averaging Date.

Averaging Date Disruption: Modified Postponement, provided that notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Equity Definitions, if a Market Disruption Event occurs (or is deemed to occur as provided herein) on any Averaging Date, the Calculation
Agent may, in its good faith and commercially reasonable discretion in light of market conditions, regulatory considerations or otherwise, take any or all of the following actions: (i) determine that such Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day in
full, in which case, the VWAP Price for such Disrupted Day shall not be included for purposes of determining the Settlement Price and the Scheduled Final Averaging Date shall be postponed by one Scheduled Trading Day for each Disrupted Day, in
accordance with Modified Postponement (as modified herein) and/or (ii) determine that such Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day only in part (except for Regulatory Disruption, which in all cases will apply Disrupted Day in full), in which case the
Calculation Agent shall, in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, (x) determine the VWAP Price for such Disrupted Day based on Rule 10b-18 eligible transactions in the Shares on such
Disrupted Day taking into account the nature and duration of such Market Disruption Event and (y) determine the Settlement Price based on an appropriately weighted average instead of the arithmetic average described under Settlement
Price below. Upon written request of Counterparty, the Calculation Agent shall deliver reasonable evidence (but without disclosing any proprietary or confidential models or other information that may be proprietary or subject to contractual,
legal or regulatory obligations to not disclose information) to Counterparty to support its calculations related to such disruptions, and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide such evidence within five (5) Exchange Business Days
from the receipt of such request. Any Exchange Business Day on which, as of the date hereof, the Exchange is scheduled to close prior to its normal close of trading shall be deemed not to be an Exchange Business Day; if a closure of the Exchange
prior to its normal close of trading on any Exchange Business Day is scheduled following the date hereof, then such Exchange Business Day shall be deemed to be a Disrupted Day in full. Section 6.6(a) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended
by replacing the word shall in the fifth line thereof with the word may, and by deleting clause (i) thereof, and Section 6.7(c)(iii)(A) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by replacing the word
shall in the sixth and eighth line thereof with the word may.

Market Disruption Events: Section 6.3(a) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended (A) by deleting the words during the one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time, Latest Exercise Time,
Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time, as the case may be in clause (ii) thereof, and (B) by replacing the words or (iii) an
Early Closure. therein with (iii) an Early Closure, or (iv) a Regulatory Disruption.

3 

Section 6.3(d) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by deleting the remainder of the provision following the term Scheduled Closing Time in the fourth line thereof.

Regulatory Disruption: Any event that BofA, in its reasonable good faith discretion, determines makes it appropriate with regard to any legal, regulatory or self-regulatory requirements or related policies and procedures applied on a non-discriminatory basis for BofA to refrain from or decrease any market activity in connection with the Transaction. BofA shall notify Counterparty as soon as reasonably practicable that a Regulatory Disruption has
occurred and the Averaging Dates affected by it.

Settlement Terms: 

Initial Share Delivery: On each Initial Share Delivery Date, BofA shall deliver to Counterparty one-third of the total number of Initial Shares, rounded up or down, in BofAs reasonable discretion, to the
nearest whole share but provided that the aggregate number of Shares delivered to Counterparty across all Initial Share Delivery Dates shall equal the Initial Shares.

Initial Share Delivery Dates: The three Exchange Business Day period beginning on, and including, the first Exchange Business Day following the Trade Date.

Initial Shares: As provided in Annex B to this Confirmation.

Settlement Date: The date that is one Settlement Cycle following the Valuation Date; provided that if the Valuation Date is prior to the Scheduled Final Averaging Date, the Settlement Date shall be one Settlement Cycle following the date on which
BofA notifies Counterparty of the Final Averaging Date.

Settlement: On the Settlement Date, BofA shall deliver to Counterparty the Number of Shares to be Delivered, if a positive number. If the Number of Shares to be Delivered is a negative number, the Counterparty Settlement Provisions in Annex A
shall apply.

Number of Shares to be Delivered: A number of Shares equal to (a) the Prepayment Amount divided by (b) (i) the Settlement Price minus (ii) the Price Adjustment Amount; provided that the Number of Shares to be Delivered as so determined
shall be reduced by the number of Shares delivered on the Initial Share Delivery Date.

Settlement Price: The arithmetic average of the VWAP Prices for all Averaging Dates.

VWAP Price: For any Averaging Date, the Rule 10b-18 dollar volume weighted average price per Share for such day based on transactions executed during such day, as reported on Bloomberg Page AEO
AQR SEC (or any successor thereto) at 4:15 p.m. New York time (or 15 minutes following the end of any extension of the regular trading session) on such Averaging Date (without regard to
pre-open or after-hours trading outside of any regular trading session for such Averaging Date or block trades (as defined in Rule 10b-18(b)(5) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) on such Averaging Date or, in the event such price is not so reported on such day for any reason or is manifestly incorrect, as determined in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner by the Calculation
Agent using a volume weighted method.

4 

Price Adjustment Amount: As provided in Annex B to this Confirmation.

Excess Dividend Amount: For the avoidance of doubt, all references to the Excess Dividend Amount in Section 9.2(a)(iii) of the Equity Definitions shall be deleted.

Other Applicable Provisions: To the extent either party is obligated to deliver Shares hereunder, the provisions of the last sentence of Section 9.2 and Sections 9.8, 9.9, 9.10, 9.11 (except that the Representation and Agreement contained in
Section 9.11 of the Equity Definitions shall be modified by excluding any representations therein relating to restrictions, obligations, limitations or requirements under applicable securities laws arising as a result of the fact that
Counterparty is the Issuer of the Shares) and 9.12 of the Equity Definitions will be applicable as if Physical Settlement applied to the Transaction.

Dividends: 

Dividend: Any dividend or distribution on the Shares other than any dividend or distribution of the type described in Sections 11.2(e)(i), 11.2(e)(ii)(A) or 11.2(e)(ii)(B) of the Equity Definitions.

Share Adjustments: 

Method of Adjustment: Calculation Agent Adjustment; provided notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 11.2(e) of the Equity Definitions, (i) the declaration or payment of Dividends, (ii) any issuance of Shares (or options to
acquire shares) in connection with a Compensatory Plan (as defined in Section 6(e)) or (iii) any purchase of Shares permitted hereunder shall not be a Potential Adjustment Event.

It shall constitute an additional Potential Adjustment Event if the Scheduled Final Averaging Date is postponed pursuant to Averaging Date Disruption above, in which case the Calculation Agent may, acting in good faith
and in a commercially reasonable manner, adjust any relevant terms of the Transaction as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Transaction of such postponement.

Extraordinary Events: 

Consequences of Merger Events: 

(a) Share-for-Share: Modified Calculation Agent Adjustment

(b) Share-for-Other: Cancellation and Payment

(c) Share-for-Combined: Cancellation and Payment

Any adjustments to the terms of the Transaction, and the determination of amounts due upon termination of such Transaction as a result of a Merger Event or Tender Offer shall take into account, and shall not duplicate, the economic
effects of, any adjustment hereunder (including without limitation, any adjustment in Section 9 below).

Tender Offer: Applicable

5 

Consequences of Tender Offers: 

(a) Share-for-Share: Modified Calculation Agent Adjustment

(b) Share-for-Other: Modified Calculation Agent Adjustment

(c) Share-for-Combined: Modified Calculation Agent Adjustment

Composition of Combined Consideration: Not Applicable

Consequences of Announcement Events: Modified Calculation Agent Adjustment as set forth in Section 12.3(d) of the Equity Definitions; provided that references to Tender Offer shall be replaced by references to Announcement Event and
references to Tender Offer Date shall be replaced by references to Announcement Date. An Announcement Event shall be an Extraordinary Event for purposes of the Equity Definitions, to which Article 12 of the Equity
Definitions is applicable.

Announcement Event: The occurrence of an Announcement Date in respect of a potential Acquisition Transaction (as defined in Section 9 below).

Announcement Date: The date of the first public announcement in relation to an Acquisition Transaction, or any publicly announced change or amendment to the announcement giving rise to an Announcement Date.

Provisions applicable to Merger Events and Tender Offers: The consequences set forth opposite Consequences of Merger Events and Consequences of Tender Offers above shall apply regardless of whether a particular Merger Event or Tender Offer relates to an Announcement
Date for which an adjustment has been made pursuant to Consequences of Announcement Events, without duplication of any such adjustment.

New Shares: In the definition of New Shares in Section 12.1(i) of the Equity Definitions, the text in clause (i) thereof shall be deleted in its entirety (including the word and following such clause (i)) and replaced with
publicly quoted, traded or listed on any of the New York Stock Exchange, The NASDAQ Global Select Market or The NASDAQ Global Market (or their respective successors).

Nationalization, Insolvency or Delisting: Cancellation and Payment (Calculation Agent Determination); provided that in addition to the provisions of Section 12.6(a)(iii) of the Equity Definitions, it shall also constitute a Delisting if the Exchange is located
in the United States and the Shares are not immediately re-listed,re-traded or re-quoted on any of the New York Stock Exchange,
The NASDAQ Global Market or The NASDAQ Global Select Market (or their respective successors); if the Shares are immediately re-listed,re-traded or re-quoted on any such exchange or quotation system, such exchange or quotation system shall thereafter be deemed to be the Exchange.

Additional Disruption Events: 

Change in Law: Applicable

Failure to Deliver: Applicable

Insolvency Filing: Applicable

6 

Hedging Disruption: Applicable

Increased Cost of Hedging: Applicable

Loss of Stock Borrow: Applicable

Maximum Stock Loan Rate: As provided in Annex B to this Confirmation.

Increased Cost of Stock Borrow: Applicable

Initial Stock Loan Rate: As provided in Annex B to this Confirmation.

Hedging Party: For all applicable Potential Adjustment Events and Extraordinary Events, BofA

Determining Party: For all Extraordinary Events, BofA; provided that when making any determinations or calculations as Determining Party, BofA shall be bound by the same obligations relating to required acts of the Calculation Agent as
set forth in Section 1.40 of the Equity Definitions and as set forth in the Confirmation as if the Determining Party were the Calculation Agent.

Non-Reliance: Applicable

Agreements and Acknowledgments Regarding Hedging Activities: Applicable

Additional Acknowledgments: Applicable

3. 

Account Details: 

(a) 

Account for payments to Counterparty: 

[***] 

(b) 

Account for payments to BofA: 

[***] 

4. 

Offices: 

(a) 

The Office of Counterparty for the Transaction is: Counterparty is not a Multibranch Party

(b) 

The Office of BofA for the Transaction is: New York 

5. 

Notices: For purposes of this Confirmation: 

(a) 

Address for notices or communications to Counterparty: 

American Eagle Outfitters, Inc. 

77 Hot Metal Street 

Pittsburgh, PA 15203 

Attn:
[***] 

Telephone: [***] 

Email: [***] 

(b) 

Address for notices or communications to BofA: 

Bank of America, N.A. 

One
Bryant Park, 8th Floor 

New York, New York 10036 

Attention: Strategic Equity Solutions Group 

Telephone: [***] 

Email: [***]

7 

6. 

Additional Provisions Relating to Transactions in the Shares. 

(a) Counterparty acknowledges and agrees that the Initial Shares delivered on the Initial Share Delivery Date may be sold short to
Counterparty. Counterparty further acknowledges and agrees that BofA may, during (i) the period from the date hereof to the Valuation Date or, if later, the Scheduled Earliest Acceleration Date without regard to any adjustment thereof pursuant
to Special Provisions regarding Transaction Announcements below, and (ii) the period from and including the first Settlement Valuation Date to and including the last Settlement Valuation Date, if any (together, the Relevant
Period), purchase Shares in connection with the Transaction, which Shares may be used to cover all or a portion of such short sale or may be delivered to Counterparty. Such purchases will be conducted independently of Counterparty. The
timing of such purchases by BofA, the number of Shares purchased by BofA on any day, the price paid per Share pursuant to such purchases and the manner in which such purchases are made, including without limitation whether such purchases are made on
any securities exchange or privately, shall be within the reasonable discretion of BofA. It is the intent of the parties that the Transaction comply with the requirements of Rule 10b5-1(c)(1)(i)(B) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and the parties agree that this Confirmation shall be interpreted to comply with the requirements of Rule 10b5-1(c), and
Counterparty shall not take any action that results in the Transaction not so complying with such requirements. Without limiting the generality of the preceding sentence, Counterparty acknowledges and agrees that (A) Counterparty does not have,
and shall not attempt to exercise, any influence over how, when or whether BofA effects any purchases of Shares in connection with the Transaction, (B) during the period beginning on (but excluding) the date of this Confirmation and ending on
(and including) the last day of the Relevant Period, neither Counterparty nor its officers or employees shall, directly or indirectly, communicate any information regarding Counterparty or the Shares to any employee of BofA or its Affiliates
responsible for trading the Shares in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, (C) Counterparty is entering into the Transaction in good faith and not as part of a plan or scheme to evade compliance with federal securities laws
including, without limitation, Rule 10b-5 promulgated under the Exchange Act and (D) Counterparty will not alter or deviate from this Confirmation or enter into or alter a corresponding hedging
transaction with respect to the Shares. Counterparty also acknowledges and agrees that any amendment, modification, waiver or termination of this Confirmation must be effected in accordance with the requirements for the amendment or termination of a
plan as defined in Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any such amendment, modification, waiver or termination shall be made in good faith and
not as part of a plan or scheme to evade the prohibitions of Rule 10b-5 under the Exchange Act, and no such amendment, modification or waiver shall be made at any time at which Counterparty or any officer or
director of Counterparty is aware of any material nonpublic information regarding Counterparty or the Shares. 

(b) Counterparty
agrees that neither Counterparty nor any of its Affiliates or agents shall take any action that would cause the Shares to be subject to a restricted period (as defined in Regulation M) during the Relevant Period, unless Counterparty has
provided written notice to BofA of such restricted period not later than the Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the first day of such restricted period. 

(c) Counterparty shall, at least one day prior to the first day of the Relevant Period, notify BofA if it has purchased any Shares
pursuant to the once-a-week block exception contained in Rule 10b-18(b)(4) by or for Counterparty or any of its affiliated
purchasers during each of the four calendar weeks preceding the first day of the Relevant Period and during the calendar week in which the first day of the Relevant Period occurs (Rule 10b-18
purchase, blocks and affiliated purchaser each being used as defined in Rule 10b-18), and if so, shall provide information to BofA as may be requested by BofA in order to enable
BofA to calculate the volume limitation under Rule 10b-18.

(d) During the Relevant Period,
Counterparty shall (i) notify BofA prior to the opening of trading in the Shares on any day on which Counterparty makes, or expects to be made, any public announcement (as defined in Rule 165(f) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
Securities Act) of any merger, acquisition, or similar transaction involving a recapitalization relating to Counterparty (other than any such transaction in which the consideration consists solely of cash and there is no valuation
period), (ii) promptly notify BofA following any such announcement that such announcement has been made, and (iii) promptly deliver to BofA following the making of any such announcement a certificate indicating (A) Counterpartys
average daily Rule 10b-18 purchases (as defined in Rule 10b-18) during the three full calendar months preceding the date of the announcement of such transaction and (B)

8 

Counterpartys block purchases (as defined in Rule 10b-18) effected pursuant to paragraph (b)(4) of Rule
10b-18 during the three full calendar months preceding the date of the announcement of such transaction. In addition, Counterparty shall promptly notify BofA of the earlier to occur of the completion of such
transaction and the completion of the vote by target shareholders. Counterparty acknowledges that any such public announcement may result in a Regulatory Disruption and may cause the Relevant Period to be suspended. Accordingly, Counterparty
acknowledges that its actions in relation to any such announcement or transaction must comply with the standards set forth in Section 6(a) above. 

(e) Without the prior written consent of BofA, (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), Counterparty
shall not, and shall cause its Affiliates and affiliated purchasers (each as defined in Rule 10b-18) not to, directly or indirectly (including, without limitation, by means of a cash-settled or other
derivative instrument) purchase, offer to purchase, place any bid or limit order that would effect a purchase of, or commence any tender offer relating to, any Shares (or an equivalent interest, including a unit of beneficial interest in a trust or
limited partnership or a depository share) or any security convertible into or exchangeable for Shares during the Relevant Period. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall (i) limit Counterpartys ability, pursuant to its
employee incentive plan, to re-acquire Shares in connection with the related equity transactions, (ii) limit Counterpartys ability to withhold shares to cover tax liabilities associated with such
equity transactions, (iii) limit Counterpartys ability to grant stock, restricted stock units and options to affiliated purchasers (as defined in Rule 10b-18) or the ability of such
affiliated purchasers to acquire such stock, restricted stock units or options, in connection with the Counterpartys compensation policies for directors, officers and employees or (iv) limit Counterpartys ability to purchase Shares
on the open-market and/or pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan, provided that such purchases are made through BofA or its affiliate and do not exceed the Concurrent OMR ADTV Limit (as defined in Annex B) on any
Averaging Date. 

(f) Counterparty and BofA each hereby acknowledges that any transactions by BofA in the Shares will be undertaken
by BofA as principal for its own account. All of the actions to be taken by BofA in connection with this Agreement shall be taken by BofA independently and without any advance or subsequent consultation with Counterparty. BofA represents and
warrants that it has in place and agrees that it will maintain reasonable policies and procedures, taking into consideration the nature of its business, to ensure that individuals making investment decisions will not violate laws prohibiting trading
on the basis of material nonpublic information. Such individuals shall not be in possession of material nonpublic information with respect to Counterparty during all relevant times beginning on the date hereof and continuing through the Relevant
Period. Counterparty agrees, during the term of the Transaction, not to communicate (other than through public disclosure within the meaning of Regulation FD) with any trading personnel of BofA. 

7. 

Representations, Warranties and Agreements. 

(a) In addition to the representations, warranties and agreements in the Agreement and those contained elsewhere herein, Counterparty
represents and warrants to and for the benefit of, and agrees with, BofA as follows: 

(i) As of the Trade Date, and
as of the date of any election by Counterparty of the Share Termination Alternative under (and as defined in) Section 10(a) below, (A) none of Counterparty and its officers and directors is aware of any material nonpublic information
regarding Counterparty or the Shares and (B) all reports and other documents filed by Counterparty with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Exchange Act when considered as a whole (with the more recent such reports and
documents deemed to amend inconsistent statements contained in any earlier such reports and documents), do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or any omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the
statements therein, in the light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading. 

(ii) Without limiting
the generality of Section 13.1 of the Equity Definitions, Counterparty acknowledges that BofA is not making any representations or warranties or taking any position or expressing any view with respect to the treatment of the Transaction under
any accounting standards including ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share, ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging, or ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity and ASC 815-40,Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entitys Own Equity (or any successor issue statements) or under FASBs Liabilities & Equity Project. 

9 

(iii) Without limiting the generality of Section 3(a)(iii) of the
Agreement, the Transaction will not violate Rule 13e-1 or Rule 13e-4 under the Exchange Act. 

(iv) Prior to the Trade Date, Counterparty shall deliver to BofA a resolution of Counterpartys board of directors
authorizing the Transaction and such other certificate or certificates as BofA shall reasonably request. Counterparty has publicly disclosed its intention to institute a program for the acquisition of Shares. 

(v) Counterparty is not entering into this Confirmation to create actual or apparent trading activity in the Shares (or
any security convertible into or exchangeable for Shares) or to raise or depress or otherwise manipulate the price of the Shares (or any security convertible into or exchangeable for Shares) or otherwise in violation of the Exchange Act, and will
not engage in any other securities or derivative transaction to such ends. 

(vi) Counterparty is not, and after
giving effect to the transactions contemplated hereby will not be, required to register as an investment company as such term is defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

(vii) On the Trade Date, the Prepayment Date, the Initial Share Delivery Date and the Settlement Date, Counterparty is
not, or will not be, insolvent (as such term is defined under Section 101(32) of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code (Title 11 of the United States Code) (the Bankruptcy Code)) and Counterparty would be able to purchase the
Shares hereunder in compliance with the corporate laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, except as would not reasonably be expected to have an adverse impact on the Counterpartys ability to perform its obligations under this
Confirmation with respect to such Transaction. 

(viii) No state or local (including
non-U.S. jurisdictions) law, rule, regulation or regulatory order applicable to the Shares would give rise to any reporting, consent, registration or other requirement (including without limitation a
requirement to obtain prior approval from any person or entity) as a result of BofA or its affiliates owning or holding (however defined) Shares, except as would not reasonably be expected to have an adverse impact on the Counterpartys ability
to perform its obligations under this Confirmation with respect to such Transaction. 

(ix) Counterparty shall not
declare or pay any Dividend (as defined above) to holders of record as of any date occurring prior to the Settlement Date or, if the provisions of Annex A apply, the Cash Settlement Payment Date, other than an ordinary cash dividend of USD 0.125 or
less per Share to holders of record on each of [ ], [ ] and [ ] (or, in each case, any later date within the same quarterly fiscal period of Counterparty). Any declaration or payment of a
Dividend in contravention of the prior sentence shall be an immediate Additional Termination Event, with respect to which Counterparty shall be the sole Affected Party and BofA shall be the party entitled to designate an Early Termination Date
pursuant to Section 6(b) of the Agreement. 

(x) Counterparty understands no obligations of BofA to it hereunder
will be entitled to the benefit of deposit insurance and that such obligations will not be guaranteed by any affiliate of BofA or any governmental agency. 

(xi) Counterparty is (i) a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes and is organized under the laws of
Delaware and (ii) a U.S. person (as that term is used in section 1.1441-4(a)(3)(ii) of United States Treasury Regulations) for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

(b) Each of BofA and Counterparty agrees and represents that it is an eligible contract participant as defined in
Section 1a(18) of the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, as amended. 

(c) Counterparty acknowledges that the offer and sale of the
Transaction to it is intended to be exempt from registration under the Securities Act, by virtue of Section 4(a)(2) thereof. Accordingly, Counterparty represents and warrants to BofA that (i) it has the financial ability to bear the
economic risk of its investment in the Transaction and is able to bear a total loss of its investment, (ii) it is an accredited investor as that term is defined in Regulation D as 

10 

promulgated under the Securities Act, (iii) it is entering into the Transaction for its own account and without a view to the distribution or resale thereof, and (iv) the assignment,
transfer or other disposition of the Transaction has not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and is restricted under this Confirmation, the Securities Act and state securities laws. 

(d) Counterparty agrees and acknowledges that BofA is a financial institution, swap participant and
financial participant within the meaning of Sections 101(22), 101(53C) and 101(22A) of the Bankruptcy Code. The parties hereto further agree and acknowledge that it is the intent of the parties that (A) this Confirmation is
(i) a securities contract, as such term is defined in Section 741(7) of the Bankruptcy Code, with respect to which each payment and delivery hereunder or in connection herewith is a termination value, payment
amount or other transfer obligation within the meaning of Section 362 of the Bankruptcy Code and a settlement payment, within the meaning of Section 546 of the Bankruptcy Code and (ii) a swap
agreement, as such term is defined in Section 101(53B) of the Bankruptcy Code, with respect to which each payment and delivery hereunder or in connection herewith is a termination value, payment amount or
other transfer obligation within the meaning of Section 362 of the Bankruptcy Code and a transfer, as such term is defined in Section 101(54) of the Bankruptcy Code and a payment or other transfer of
property within the meaning of Sections 362 and 546 of the Bankruptcy Code, and (B) BofA is entitled to the protections afforded by, among other sections, Sections 362(b)(6), 362(b)(17), 362(o), 546(e), 546(g), 548(d)(2), 555, 560 and 561
of the Bankruptcy Code. 

8. 

Agreements and Acknowledgements Regarding Hedging. 

Counterparty acknowledges and agrees that: 

(a) During the Relevant Period, BofA and its Affiliates may buy or sell Shares or other securities or buy or sell options or futures
contracts or enter into swaps or other derivative securities in order to adjust its hedge position with respect to the Transaction; 

(b)
BofA and its Affiliates also may be active in the market for Shares other than in connection with hedging activities in relation to the Transaction; 

(c) BofA shall make its own determination as to whether, when or in what manner any hedging or market activities in Counterpartys
securities shall be conducted and shall do so in a manner that it deems appropriate to hedge its price and market risk with respect to the Settlement Price and/or the VWAP Price; and 

(d) Any market activities of BofA and its Affiliates with respect to Shares may affect the market price and volatility of Shares, as
well as the Settlement Price and/or the VWAP Price, each in a manner that may be adverse to Counterparty. 

9. 

Special Provisions regarding Transaction Announcements. 

(a) If a Transaction Announcement occurs on or prior to the Settlement Date, then the Calculation Agent shall make such commercially
reasonable adjustment to the exercise, settlement, payment or any of the other terms of the Transaction (including without limitation, the Number of Shares to be Delivered and the Price Adjustment Amount) as the Calculation Agent reasonably
determines necessary to account for the economic effect of the Transaction Announcement (and, for the avoidance of doubt, in such event the Number of Shares to be Delivered may be reduced below zero pursuant to the proviso to such definition). If a
Transaction Announcement occurs after the Trade Date but prior to the Scheduled Earliest Acceleration Date, the Scheduled Earliest Acceleration Date shall be adjusted to be the date of such Transaction Announcement. 

(b) Transaction Announcement means (i) the public announcement of an Acquisition Transaction, (ii) a public
announcement that Counterparty or any of its subsidiaries has entered into an agreement, a letter of intent or an understanding designed to result in an Acquisition Transaction, (iii) the public announcement of an intention to solicit or enter
into, or to explore strategic alternatives or other similar undertaking that may include, an Acquisition Transaction, or (iv) any other public announcement that in the reasonable judgment of the Calculation Agent could reasonably be expected to
result in an Acquisition Transaction. For the avoidance of doubt, announcements as used in this definition of Transaction Announcement refer to any public announcement whether made by the Issuer or a third party. 

11 

Acquisition Transaction means (i) any Merger Event (and for purposes
of this definition the definition of Merger Event shall be read with the references therein to 100% being replaced by 20% and to 50% by 85% and as if the clause beginning immediately following the
definition of Reverse Merger therein to the end of such definition were deleted) or Tender Offer, (ii) the sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of Counterparty (other than to one or more of its subsidiaries), (iii) a
recapitalization, reclassification, binding share exchange or other similar transaction involving the Counterparty, (iv) any acquisition, lease, exchange, transfer, disposition (including by way of
spin-off or distribution) of assets (including any capital stock or other ownership interests in subsidiaries) or other similar event by Counterparty or any of its subsidiaries where the aggregate
consideration transferable or receivable by or to Counterparty or its subsidiaries exceeds 20% of the market capitalization of Counterparty (measured as of the relevant date of announcement) and (v) any transaction in which Counterparty or its
board of directors has a legal obligation to make a recommendation to its shareholders in respect of such transaction (whether pursuant to Rule 14e-2 under the Exchange Act or otherwise). 

10. 

Other Provisions. 

(a) Alternative Calculations and Payment on Early Termination and on Certain Extraordinary Events. If either party would owe the
other party any amount pursuant to Sections 12.2, 12.3, 12.6, 12.7 or 12.9 of the Equity Definitions or pursuant to Section 6(d)(ii) of the Agreement (a Payment Obligation), Counterparty shall have the right, in its sole
discretion, to satisfy or to require BofA to satisfy, as the case may be, any such Payment Obligation, in whole or in part, by the Share Termination Alternative (as defined below) by giving irrevocable telephonic notice to BofA, confirmed in writing
within one Scheduled Trading Day, no later than 9:30 A.M. New York City time on the Merger Date, Tender Offer Date, Announcement Date, Early Termination Date or date of cancellation or termination in respect of an Extraordinary Event, as applicable
(Notice of Share Termination); provided that if BofA would owe Counterparty the Payment Obligation and Counterparty does not elect to require BofA to satisfy such Payment Obligation by the Share Termination Alternative in
whole, BofA shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to elect to satisfy any portion of such Payment Obligation that Counterparty has not so elected by the Share Termination Alternative, notwithstanding Counterpartys failure to elect or
election to the contrary; and provided further that Counterparty shall not have the right to so elect (but, for the avoidance of doubt, BofA shall have the right to so elect) in the event of (i) an Insolvency, a Nationalization, a Merger
Event or a Tender Offer, in each case, in which the consideration or proceeds to be paid to all or substantially all holders of Shares consists solely of cash or (ii) an Event of Default in which Counterparty is the Defaulting Party or a
Termination Event in which Counterparty is the Affected Party, which Event of Default or Termination Event resulted from an event or events within Counterpartys control. Upon such Notice of Share Termination, the following provisions shall
apply on the Scheduled Trading Day immediately following the Merger Date, Tender Offer Date, Announcement Date, Early Termination Date or date of cancellation or termination in respect of an Extraordinary Event, as applicable, with respect to the
Payment Obligation or such portion of the Payment Obligation for which the Share Termination Alternative has been elected (the Applicable Portion): 

Share Termination Alternative: Applicable and means, if delivery pursuant to the Share Termination Alternative is owed by BofA, that BofA shall deliver to Counterparty the Share Termination Delivery Property on the date on which the Payment Obligation would
otherwise be due pursuant to Section 12.7 or 12.9 of the Equity Definitions or Section 6(d)(ii) of the Agreement, as applicable, or such later date as the Calculation Agent may reasonably determine in a commercially reasonable manner (the
Share Termination Payment Date), in satisfaction of the Payment Obligation or the Applicable Portion, as the case may be. If delivery pursuant to the Share Termination Alternative is owed by Counterparty, paragraphs 2 through 5 of
Annex A shall apply as if such delivery were a settlement of the Transaction to which Net Share Settlement (as defined in Annex A) applied, the Cash Settlement Payment Date were the Early Termination Date, the Forward Cash Settlement Amount were
zero (0) minus the Payment Obligation (or the Applicable Portion, as the case may be) owed by Counterparty, and Shares as used in Annex A were replaced by Share Termination Delivery
Units.

12 

Share Termination Delivery Property: A number of Share Termination Delivery Units, as calculated by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, equal to the Payment Obligation (or the Applicable Portion, as the case may be) divided
by the Share Termination Unit Price. The Calculation Agent shall adjust the Share Termination Delivery Property by replacing any fractional portion of a security therein with an amount of cash equal to the value of such fractional security based on
the values used to calculate the Share Termination Unit Price.

Share Termination Unit Price: The value of property contained in one Share Termination Delivery Unit on the date such Share Termination Delivery Units are to be delivered as Share Termination Delivery Property, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its
discretion by commercially reasonable means and notified by the Calculation Agent to the parties at the time of notification of the Payment Obligation.

Share Termination Delivery Unit: In the case of a Termination Event, Event of Default, Delisting or Additional Disruption Event, one Share or, in the case of an Insolvency, Nationalization, Merger Event or Tender Offer, one Share or a unit consisting of the number
or amount of each type of property received by all or substantially all holders of one Share (without consideration of any requirement to pay cash or other consideration in lieu of fractional amounts of any securities) in such Insolvency,
Nationalization, Merger Event or Tender Offer. If such Insolvency, Nationalization, Merger Event or Tender Offer involves a choice of consideration to be received by holders, such holder shall be deemed to have elected to receive the maximum
possible amount of cash.

Failure to Deliver: Applicable

Other applicable provisions: If Share Termination Alternative is applicable, the provisions of Sections 9.8, 9.9, 9.10, 9.11 (except that the Representation and Agreement contained in Section 9.11 of the Equity Definitions shall be modified by excluding
any representations therein relating to restrictions, obligations, limitations or requirements under applicable securities laws arising as a result of the fact that Counterparty is the issuer of the Shares or any portion of the Share Termination
Delivery Units) and 9.12 of the Equity Definitions will be applicable as if Physical Settlement applied to the Transaction, except that all references to Shares shall be read as references to Share Termination Delivery
Units.

(b) Equity Rights. BofA acknowledges and agrees that this Confirmation is not intended to convey
to it rights with respect to the Transaction that are senior to the claims of common stockholders in the event of Counterpartys bankruptcy. For the avoidance of doubt, the parties agree that the preceding sentence shall not apply at any time
other than during Counterpartys bankruptcy to any claim arising as a result of a breach by Counterparty of any of its obligations under this Confirmation or the Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, the parties acknowledge that this
Confirmation is not secured by any collateral that would otherwise secure the obligations of Counterparty herein under or pursuant to any other agreement. 

(c) Indemnification. In the event that BofA or the Calculation Agent or any of their Affiliates becomes involved in any capacity
in any action, proceeding or investigation (x) in connection with any breach by Counterparty of any of its representation or covenants under this Confirmation or (y) brought by or against any unaffiliated third party in connection with
this Confirmation (but excluding any action, proceeding or investigation arising out of BofAs breach of this Confirmation or the Agreement or BofAs fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct), in each case, Counterparty shall
reimburse BofA or the Calculation Agent or such Affiliate for its reasonable legal and other out-of-pocket expenses (including the cost of any investigation and
preparation) incurred in connection therewith within 30 days of receipt of notice of such expenses, and shall indemnify and hold BofA or the Calculation Agent or such Affiliate harmless on an after-tax basis
against any losses, claims, damages or liabilities to which BofA or the Calculation Agent or such Affiliate 

13 

may become subject in connection with any such action, proceeding or investigation. If for any reason the foregoing indemnification is unavailable to BofA or the Calculation Agent or such
Affiliate or insufficient to hold it harmless, then Counterparty shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by BofA or the Calculation Agent or such Affiliate as a result of such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (i) in such proportion
as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by Counterparty on the one hand and BofA or the Calculation Agent or such Affiliate on the other hand in the matters contemplated by this Confirmation or (ii) if the allocation
provided by clause (i) above is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits received by Counterparty on the one hand and BofA or the Calculation Agent or such Affiliate on the
other hand in the matters contemplated by this Confirmation but also the relative fault of Counterparty and BofA or the Calculation Agent or such Affiliate with respect to such losses, claims, damages or liabilities and any other relevant equitable
considerations. The relative benefits received by Counterparty, on the one hand, and BofA or the Calculation Agent or such Affiliate, on the other hand, shall be in the same proportion as the Prepayment Amount bears to the customary brokerage
commission for share repurchases multiplied by the Initial Shares. The reimbursement, indemnity and contribution obligations of Counterparty under this Section 10(c) shall be in addition to any liability that Counterparty may otherwise have,
shall extend upon the same terms and conditions to the partners, directors, officers, agents, employees and controlling persons (if any), as the case may be, of BofA or the Calculation Agent and their Affiliates and shall be binding upon and inure
to the benefit of any successors, assigns, heirs and personal representatives of Counterparty, BofA or the Calculation Agent, any such Affiliate and any such person. Counterparty also agrees that neither BofA, the Calculation Agent nor any of such
Affiliates, partners, directors, officers, agents, employees or controlling persons shall have any liability to Counterparty for or in connection with any matter referred to in this Confirmation except to the extent that any losses, claims, damages,
liabilities or expenses incurred by Counterparty result from the fraud, gross negligence or bad faith of BofA or the Calculation Agent or a breach by BofA or the Calculation Agent of any of its covenants or obligations hereunder. The foregoing
provisions shall survive any termination or completion of the Transaction. 

(d) Staggered Settlement. If BofA would owe
Counterparty any Shares pursuant to the Settlement Terms above, BofA may, by notice to Counterparty on or prior to the Settlement Date (a Nominal Settlement Date), elect to deliver the Shares deliverable on such
Nominal Settlement Date on two or more dates (each, a Staggered Settlement Date) or at two or more times on the Nominal Settlement Date as follows: (i) in such notice, BofA will specify to Counterparty the related Staggered
Settlement Dates (each of which will be on or prior to such Nominal Settlement Date) or delivery times and how it will allocate the Shares it is required to deliver under Settlement Terms above among the Staggered Settlement Dates or
delivery times; and (ii) the aggregate number of Shares that BofA will deliver to Counterparty hereunder on all such Staggered Settlement Dates and delivery times will equal the number of Shares that BofA would otherwise be required to deliver
on such Nominal Settlement Date. 

(e) Liquidity Extension. BofA may postpone the Scheduled Final Averaging Date or any
other date of valuation, payment or delivery if the ADTV (as defined in Rule 10b-18) applicable to Shares on any Averaging Date is less than (or will be less than) 75% of the ADTV (as
defined in Rule 10b-18) applicable to the Shares on the Trade Date, in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent, in order to preserve BofAs commercially reasonable hedging or hedge unwind
activity hereunder in light of existing liquidity conditions. 

(f) Adjustments. For the avoidance of doubt, whenever the
Calculation Agent is called upon to make an adjustment pursuant to the terms of this Confirmation or the Definitions to take into account the effect of an event, the Calculation Agent shall make such adjustment by reference to the effect of such
event on the Hedging Party, assuming that the Hedging Party maintains a commercially reasonable hedge position. 

(g) Transfer and
Assignment. BofA may transfer or assign its rights and obligations hereunder and under the Agreement, in whole or in part, to (i) any of its Affiliates, (ii) any entities sponsored or organized by, or on behalf of or for the benefit
of, BofA, or (iii) any third party, in each case without the consent of Counterparty, provided that, in each case, (1) such assignee has a rating for its long-term, unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness that is equal to or
better than BofAs credit rating at the time of such transfer or assignment, or (2) the obligations of such assignee hereunder will be guaranteed, pursuant to the terms of a customary guarantee in a form used by BofA generally for similar
transactions, by BofA. 

14 

(h) Additional Termination Event. It shall constitute an Additional Termination
Event with respect to which the Transaction is the sole Affected Transaction and Counterparty is the sole Affected Party and BofA shall be the party entitled to designate an Early Termination Date pursuant to Section 6(b) of the Agreement if,
at any time during the Relevant Period, the price per Share on the Exchange, as determined by the Calculation Agent, is at or below the Threshold Price (as provided in Annex B to this Confirmation). 

(i) Amendments to Equity Definitions. The following amendments shall be made to the Equity Definitions: 

(i) Section 11.2(a) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by deleting the words a diluting or concentrative
effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Shares and replacing them with the words a material economic effect on the relevant Transaction; 

(ii) The first sentence of Section 11.2(c) of the Equity Definitions, prior to clause (A) thereof, is hereby
amended to read as follows: (c) If Calculation Agent Adjustment is specified as the Method of Adjustment in the related Confirmation of a Share Option Transaction or Share Forward Transaction, then following the announcement or
occurrence of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent will determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a material economic effect on the Transaction and, if so, will (i) make appropriate adjustment(s), if any, to any one
or more of: and the portion of such sentence immediately preceding clause (ii) thereof is hereby amended by deleting the words diluting or concentrative and the words (provided that no adjustments will be
made to account solely for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant Shares) and replacing such latter phrase with the words (and, for the avoidance of doubt, adjustments may be made
to account solely for changes in volatility, stock loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant Shares); 

(iii)
Section 11.2(e)(vii) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by deleting the words diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Shares and replacing them with the words material economic
effect on the relevant Transaction; 

(iv) Section 12.6(a)(ii) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by
(1) deleting from the fourth line thereof the word or after the word official and inserting a comma therefor, and (2) deleting the semi-colon at the end of subsection (B) thereof and inserting the following
words therefor or (C) at BofAs option, the occurrence of any of the events specified in Section 5(a)(vii) (1) through (9) of the ISDA Master Agreement with respect to that issuer; 

(v) Section 12.9(b)(iv) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by (A) deleting (1) subsection (A) in its
entirety, (2) the phrase or (B) following subsection (A) and (3) the phrase in each case in subsection (B); and (B) deleting the phrase neither the Non-Hedging
Party nor the Lending Party lends Shares in the amount of the Hedging Shares or in the penultimate sentence; and 

(vi) Section 12.9(b)(v) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by (A) adding the word or
immediately before subsection (B) and deleting the comma at the end of subsection (A); and (B)(1) deleting subsection (C) in its entirety, (2) deleting the word or immediately preceding subsection (C) and (3)
replacing in the penultimate sentence the words either party with the Hedging Party and (4) deleting clause (X) in the final sentence. 

(j) No Netting and Set-off. Each party waives any and all rights it may have to set off
obligations arising under the Agreement and the Transaction against other obligations between the parties, whether arising under any other agreement, applicable law or otherwise. 

(k) Disclosure. Effective from the date of commencement of discussions concerning the Transaction, Counterparty and each of its
employees, representatives, or other agents may disclose to any and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the tax treatment and tax structure of the Transaction and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) that are
provided to Counterparty relating to such tax treatment and tax structure. 

15 

(l) Designation by BofA. Notwithstanding any other provision in this
Confirmation to the contrary requiring or allowing BofA to purchase, sell, receive or deliver any Shares or other securities to or from Counterparty, BofA (the Designator) may designate any of its Affiliates (the
Designee) to deliver or take delivery, as the case may be, and otherwise perform its obligations to deliver, if any, or take delivery of, as the case may be, any such Shares or other securities in respect of the Transaction, and
the Designee may assume such obligations, if any. Such designation shall not relieve the Designator of any of its obligations, if any, hereunder. Notwithstanding the previous sentence, if the Designee shall have performed the obligations, if any, of
the Designator hereunder, then the Designator shall be discharged of its obligations, if any, to Counterparty to the extent of such performance. 

(m) Termination Currency. The Termination Currency shall be USD. 

(n) Wall Street Transparency and Accountability Act of 2010. The parties hereby agree that none of (i) Section 739
of the Wall Street Transparency and Accountability Act of 2010 (the WSTAA), (ii) any similar legal certainty provision included in any legislation enacted, or rule or regulation promulgated, on or after the Trade Date,
(iii) the enactment of the WSTAA or any regulation under the WSTAA, (iv) any requirement under the WSTAA or (v) any amendment made by the WSTAA shall limit or otherwise impair either partys right to terminate, renegotiate,
modify, amend or supplement this Confirmation or the Agreement, as applicable, arising from a termination event, force majeure, illegality, increased cost, regulatory change or similar event under this Confirmation, the Equity Definitions or the
Agreement (including, but not limited to, any right arising from any Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging or Illegality). 

(o) Tax Matters

(i) 

Withholding Tax imposed on payments to non-US counterparties under
the United States Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act. Tax and Indemnifiable Tax, each as defined in Section 14 of the Agreement, shall not include any U.S. federal withholding tax imposed or collected pursuant to
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the
Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Code (a FATCA Withholding Tax). For
the avoidance of doubt, a FATCA Withholding Tax is a Tax the deduction or withholding of which is required by applicable law for the purposes of Section 2(d) of the Agreement. 

(ii) 

HIRE Act. To the extent that either party to the Agreement with respect to this Transaction is not an
adhering party to the ISDA 2015 Section 871(m) Protocol published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. on November 2, 2015 and available at www.isda.org, as may be amended, supplemented, replaced or superseded from
time to time (the 871(m) Protocol), the parties agree that the provisions and amendments contained in the Attachment to the 871(m) Protocol are incorporated into and apply to the Agreement with respect to this Transaction as if set forth
in full herein. The parties further agree that, solely for purposes of applying such provisions and amendments to the Agreement with respect to this Transaction, references to each Covered Master Agreement in the 871(m) Protocol will be
deemed to be references to the Agreement with respect to this Transaction, and references to the Implementation Date in the 871(m) Protocol will be deemed to be references to the Trade Date of this Transaction. 

(iii) 

Tax documentation. Counterparty shall provide to BofA a valid U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-9, or any successor thereto, (i) on or before the date of execution of this Confirmation and (ii) promptly upon learning that any such tax form previously provided by Counterparty has become obsolete or
incorrect. Additionally, Counterparty shall, promptly upon request by BofA, provide such other tax forms and documents requested by BofA. 

16 

(p) U.S. Stay Regulations. The parties agree that (i) to the extent that
prior to the date hereof both parties have adhered to the 2018 ISDA U.S. Resolution Stay Protocol (the Protocol), the terms of the Protocol are incorporated into and form a part of this Confirmation, and for such purposes this
Confirmation shall be deemed a Protocol Covered Agreement and each party shall be deemed to have the same status as Regulated Entity and/or Adhering Party as applicable to it under the Protocol; (ii) to the extent that
prior to the date hereof the parties have executed a separate agreement the effect of which is to amend the qualified financial contracts between them to conform with the requirements of the QFC Stay Rules (the Bilateral
Agreement), the terms of the Bilateral Agreement are incorporated into and form a part of this Confirmation and each party shall be deemed to have the status of Covered Entity or Counterparty Entity (or other
similar term) as applicable to it under the Bilateral Agreement; or (iii) if clause (i) and clause (ii) do not apply, the terms of Section 1 and Section 2 and the related defined terms (together, the Bilateral
Terms) of the form of bilateral template entitled Full-Length Omnibus (for use between U.S. G-SIBs and Corporate Groups) published by ISDA on November 2, 2018 (currently available on
the 2018 ISDA U.S. Resolution Stay Protocol page at www.isda.org and, a copy of which is available upon request), the effect of which is to amend the qualified financial contracts between the parties thereto to conform with the requirements
of the QFC Stay Rules, are hereby incorporated into and form a part of this Confirmation, and for such purposes this Confirmation shall be deemed a Covered Agreement, BofA shall be deemed a Covered Entity and Counterparty
shall be deemed a Counterparty Entity. In the event that, after the date of this Confirmation, both parties hereto become adhering parties to the Protocol, the terms of the Protocol will replace the terms of this paragraph. In the event
of any inconsistencies between this Confirmation and the terms of the Protocol, the Bilateral Agreement or the Bilateral Terms (each, the QFC Stay Terms), as applicable, the QFC Stay Terms will govern. Terms used in this paragraph
without definition shall have the meanings assigned to them under the QFC Stay Rules. For purposes of this paragraph, references to this Confirmation include any related credit enhancements entered into between the parties or provided by
one to the other. In addition, the parties agree that the terms of this paragraph shall be incorporated into any related covered affiliate credit enhancements, with all references to BofA replaced by references to the covered affiliate support
provider. QFC Stay Rules means the regulations codified at 12 C.F.R. 252.2, 252.818, 12 C.F.R. 382.1-7 and 12 C.F.R. 47.1-8, which, subject to
limited exceptions, require an express recognition of the stay-and-transfer powers of the FDIC under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and the Orderly Liquidation
Authority under Title II of the Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the override of default rights related directly or indirectly to the entry of an affiliate into certain insolvency proceedings and any restrictions on the
transfer of any covered affiliate credit enhancements. 

(q) Delivery of Cash. For the avoidance of doubt, other than payment
of the Prepayment Amount by Counterparty, nothing in this Confirmation shall be interpreted as requiring Counterparty to cash settle any Transaction, except in circumstances where cash settlement is within Counterpartys control (including,
without limitation, where Counterparty fails timely to elect to deliver or receive Share Termination Delivery Units in accordance with Section 10(a)) or in those circumstances in which holders of the Shares would also receive cash. 

(r) Waiver of Trial by Jury. EACH OF COUNTERPARTY AND BOFA HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES (ON ITS OWN BEHALF AND, TO THE EXTENT
PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ON BEHALF OF ITS STOCKHOLDERS) ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE TRANSACTION OR THE ACTIONS OF BOFA OR
ITS AFFILIATES IN THE NEGOTIATION, PERFORMANCE OR ENFORCEMENT HEREOF.

(s) Governing Law; Jurisdiction. THIS
CONFIRMATION AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS CONFIRMATION SHALL BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY SUBMIT TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF THE STATE
OF NEW YORK AND THE UNITED STATES COURT FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK IN CONNECTION WITH ALL MATTERS RELATING HERETO AND WAIVE ANY OBJECTION TO THE LAYING OF VENUE IN, AND ANY CLAIM OF INCONVENIENT FORUM WITH RESPECT TO, THESE COURTS.

[Signature Page Follows]

17 

Please confirm your agreement to be bound by the terms stated herein by executing the copy of this Confirmation enclosed
for that purpose and returning it to us by email transmission to the address for Notices indicated above. 

Yours sincerely,

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.

By: 

/s/ Christine Roemer

Name: Christine Roemer

Title: Managing Director

Confirmed as of the date first above written:

AMERICAN EAGLE OUTFITTERS, INC.

By: 

/s/ Michael Mathias

Name: Michael Mathias

Title: Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer

ANNEX A 

COUNTERPARTY SETTLEMENT PROVISIONS 

1. The following Counterparty Settlement Provisions shall apply to the extent indicated under the Confirmation: 

Settlement Currency: 

USD

Settlement Method Election: Applicable; provided that (i) Section 7.1 of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by deleting the word Physical in the sixth line thereof and replacing it with the words Net Share and
(ii) the Electing Party may make a settlement method election only if the Electing Party represents and warrants to BofA in writing on the date it notifies BofA of its election that, as of such date, (A) none of Counterparty and its
officers and directors is aware of any material nonpublic information regarding Counterparty or the Shares and (B) all reports and other documents filed by Counterparty with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Exchange Act
when considered as a whole (with the more recent such reports and documents deemed to amend inconsistent statements contained in any earlier such reports and documents), do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or any omission of a
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading.

Electing Party: Counterparty

Settlement Method Election Date: The date that is the earlier of (i) 3 Exchange Business Days prior to the Scheduled Final Averaging Date and (ii) the second Exchange Business Day immediately following the Valuation Date.

Default Settlement Method: Net Share Settlement

Special Settlement: Either (i) a settlement to which this Annex A applies that follows the occurrence of a Transaction Announcement to which Section 9 of this Confirmation applies or (ii) any settlement to which paragraphs 2 through 5 of
this Annex A apply that follows a termination or cancellation of the Transaction pursuant to Section 6 of the Agreement or Article 12 of the Equity Definitions to which Section 10(a) of this Confirmation applies.

Forward Cash Settlement Amount: The Number of Shares to be Delivered multiplied by the Settlement Valuation Price.

Settlement Valuation Price: The arithmetic average of the VWAP Prices for all Settlement Valuation Dates, subject to Averaging Date Disruption, determined as if each Settlement Valuation Date were an Averaging Date (with Averaging Date Disruption applying as
if the last Settlement Valuation Date were the Final Averaging Date and the Settlement Valuation Price were the Settlement Price).

Settlement Valuation Dates: A number of Scheduled Trading Days selected by BofA in its reasonable discretion, beginning on the Scheduled Trading Day immediately following the later of the Settlement Method Election Date and the Final Averaging Date.

Cash Settlement: If Cash Settlement is applicable, then Counterparty shall pay to BofA the absolute value of the Forward Cash Settlement Amount on the Cash Settlement Payment Date.

A-1 

Cash Settlement Payment Date: The date one Settlement Cycle following the last Settlement Valuation Date.

Net Share Settlement Procedures: If Net Share Settlement is applicable, Net Share Settlement shall be made in accordance with paragraphs 2 through 5 below.

2. Net Share Settlement shall be made by delivery on the Settlement Date of a number of Shares equal to
the product of (i) the absolute value of the Number of Shares to be Delivered and (ii) 100%, plus a commercially reasonable amount determined by BofA to account for the fact that such Shares will not be registered for resale;
provided that in the case of a Special Settlement, Net Share Settlement shall be made (i) by delivery on the Cash Settlement Payment Date (such date, the Net Share Settlement Date) of a number of Shares (the
Restricted Payment Shares) with a value equal to the absolute value of the Forward Cash Settlement Amount, with such Shares value based on the realizable market value thereof to BofA (which value shall take into account an
illiquidity discount resulting from the fact that the Restricted Payment Shares will not be registered for resale), as determined by the Calculation Agent (the Restricted Share Value), and paragraph 3 of this Annex A shall apply
to such Restricted Payment Shares, and (ii) by delivery of the Make-Whole Payment Shares as described in paragraph 4 below. 

3. (a) All Restricted Payment Shares and Make-Whole Payment Shares shall be delivered to BofA (or any affiliate of BofA designated
by BofA) pursuant to the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Section 4(a)(2) thereof. 

(b) As of or prior to the date of delivery, BofA and any potential purchaser of any such Shares from BofA (or any affiliate of BofA
designated by BofA) identified by BofA shall be afforded a commercially reasonable opportunity to conduct a due diligence investigation with respect to Counterparty customary in scope for private placements of equity securities (including, without
limitation, the right to have made available to them for inspection all financial and other records, pertinent corporate documents and other information reasonably requested by them). 

(c) As of the date of delivery, Counterparty shall enter into an agreement (a Private Placement Agreement) with BofA
(or any affiliate of BofA designated by BofA) in connection with the private placement of such Shares by Counterparty to BofA (or any such affiliate) and the private resale of such Shares by BofA (or any such affiliate), substantially similar to
private placement purchase agreements customary for private placements of equity securities, in form and substance commercially reasonably satisfactory to BofA, which Private Placement Agreement shall include, without limitation, provisions
substantially similar to those contained in such private placement purchase agreements relating to the indemnification of, and contribution in connection with the liability of, BofA and its affiliates, and shall provide for the payment by
Counterparty of all fees and expenses in connection with such resale, including all fees and expenses of counsel for BofA, and shall contain representations, warranties and agreements of Counterparty reasonably necessary or advisable to establish
and maintain the availability of an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act for such resales. 

(d) Counterparty shall not take or cause to be taken any action that would make unavailable either (i) the exemption set forth in
Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act for the sale of any Restricted Payment Shares or Make-Whole Payment Shares by Counterparty to BofA or (ii) an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act reasonably acceptable to
BofA for resales of Restricted Payment Shares and Make-Whole Payment Shares by the BofA (or an affiliate of BofA). 

(e) Counterparty
expressly agrees and acknowledges that the public disclosure of all material information relating to Counterparty is within Counterpartys control. 

4. If Restricted Payment Shares are delivered in accordance with paragraph 3 above, on the last Settlement Valuation Date, a balance
(the Settlement Balance) shall be established with an initial balance equal to the absolute value of the Forward Cash Settlement Amount. Following the delivery of Restricted Payment Shares or any Make-Whole Payment Shares, BofA
shall sell all such Restricted Payment Shares or Make-Whole Payment Shares in a commercially reasonable manner. At the end of each Exchange Business Day upon which sales have been made, the Settlement Balance shall be reduced by an amount equal to
the aggregate proceeds received by BofA or its affiliate upon the sale of such 

A-2 

Restricted Payment Shares or Make-Whole Payment Shares, less a customary and commercially reasonable private placement fee for private placements of common stock by similar issuers. If, on any
Exchange Business Day, all Restricted Payment Shares and Make-Whole Payment Shares have been sold and the Settlement Balance has not been reduced to zero, Counterparty shall (i) deliver to BofA or as directed by BofA one Settlement Cycle
following such Exchange Business Day an additional number of Shares (the Make-Whole Payment Shares and, together with the Restricted Payment Shares, the Payment Shares) equal to (x) the Settlement Balance
as of such Exchange Business Day divided by (y) the Restricted Share Value of the Make-Whole Payment Shares as of such Exchange Business Day or (ii) promptly deliver to BofA cash in an amount equal to the then remaining Settlement
Balance. This provision shall be applied successively until either the Settlement Balance is reduced to zero or the aggregate number of Restricted Payment Shares and Make-Whole Payment Shares equals the Maximum Deliverable Number. If on any Exchange
Business Day, Restricted Payment Shares and Make-Whole Payment Shares remain unsold and the Settlement Balance has been reduced to zero, BofA shall promptly return such unsold Restricted Payment Shares or Make-Whole Payment Shares. 

5. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall Counterparty be required to deliver more than the Maximum Deliverable Number of
Shares hereunder. Maximum Deliverable Number means the number of Shares set forth as such in Annex B to this Confirmation. Counterparty represents and warrants to BofA (which representation and warranty shall be deemed to be
repeated on each day from the date hereof to the Settlement Date or, if Counterparty has elected to deliver any Payment Shares hereunder in connection with a Special Settlement, to the date on which resale of such Payment Shares is completed (the
Final Resale Date)) that the Maximum Deliverable Number is equal to or less than the number of authorized but unissued Shares of Counterparty that are not reserved for future issuance in connection with transactions in such Shares
(other than the transactions under this Confirmation) on the date of the determination of the Maximum Deliverable Number (such Shares, the Available Shares). In the event Counterparty shall not have delivered the full number of
Shares otherwise deliverable as a result of this paragraph 5 (the resulting deficit, the Deficit Shares), Counterparty shall be continually obligated to deliver, from time to time until the full number of Deficit Shares have been
delivered pursuant to this paragraph, Shares when, and to the extent that, (i) Shares are repurchased, acquired or otherwise received by Counterparty or any of its subsidiaries after the date hereof (whether or not in exchange for cash, fair
value or any other consideration), (ii) authorized and unissued Shares reserved for issuance in respect of other transactions prior to such date which prior to the relevant date become no longer so reserved or (iii) Counterparty additionally
authorizes any unissued Shares that are not reserved for other transactions. Counterparty shall immediately notify BofA of the occurrence of any of the foregoing events (including the number of Shares subject to clause (i), (ii) or (iii) and
the corresponding number of Shares to be delivered) and promptly deliver such Shares thereafter. 

A-3 

ANNEX B 

Prepayment Amount: USD [***]

Scheduled Final Averaging Date: [***] (or if such date is not an Exchange Business Day, the next following Exchange Business Day).

Scheduled Earliest Acceleration Date: [***] (or if such date is not an Exchange Business Day, the next following Exchange Business Day).

Initial Shares: [***] Shares

Price Adjustment Amount: USD [***]

Maximum Stock Loan Rate: [***] basis points

Initial Stock Loan Rate: [***] basis points

Maximum Deliverable Number: [***] Shares

Concurrent OMR ADTV Limit: [***] % of ADTV (as defined in Rule 10b-18).

B-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d938844dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

AEO Inc. Announces $200 Million Accelerated Share Repurchase Program 

March 17, 2025 

PITTSBURGH (BUSINESS WIRE) 
American Eagle Outfitters Inc. (NYSE: AEO) today announced that it has entered into an accelerated share repurchase agreement (ASR) with Bank of America, N.A. to repurchase $200 million of its common stock. This equates to approximately
18.1 million shares, at the closing price on March 14, 2025 and represents approximately 9.5% of the companys fully diluted outstanding stock. The company intends to complete the ASR in connection with its existing share repurchase
authorization of 68.5 million shares. 

We are pleased to announce an accelerated share repurchase program, which reflects our strong capital
position and confidence in our long-term strategic growth plan. This program, combined with our quarterly cash dividend, underscores our commitment to a disciplined and balanced approach to capital allocation and delivering strong returns to
shareholders, commented Jay Schottenstein, AEOs Executive Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer. 

* * * * 

About American Eagle Outfitters, Inc. 

American Eagle
Outfitters, Inc. (NYSE: AEO) is a leading global specialty retailer with a portfolio of beloved apparel brands including American Eagle, Aerie, OFFL/NE by Aerie, Todd Snyder and Unsubscribed. Rooted in optimism, inclusivity and authenticity,
AEOs brands empower every customer to celebrate their unique personal style by offering casual, comfortable, timeless outfitting and high-quality products that are made to last. 

AEO Inc. operates stores in the United States, Canada and Mexico, with merchandise available in more than 30 countries through a global network of license
partners. Additionally, the company operates a robust e-commerce business across its brands. For more information, visit aeo-inc.com.

SAFE HARBOR STATEMENT UNDER THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995 

This release and related statements by management contain forward-looking statements (as such term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act
of 1995), which represent managements expectations or beliefs concerning future events. All forward-looking statements made by the company involve material risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based on many important factors, some
of which may be beyond the companys control. Words such as outlook, estimate, project, plan, believe, expect, anticipate, intend, may,
potential, and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. All forward-looking statements made by the company are inherently uncertain because
they are based on assumptions and expectations concerning future events and are subject to change based on many important factors, some of which may be beyond the companys control. Except as may be

required by applicable law, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise and even if
experience or future changes make it clear that any projected results expressed or implied therein will not be realized. The following factors, in addition to the risks disclosed in Item 1A., Risk Factors, of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 3, 2024 and in any other filings that we may make with the Securities and Exchange Commission in some cases have affected, and in the future could affect, the
companys financial performance and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in any of the forward-looking statements included in this release or otherwise made by management: the risk that the
companys operating, financial and capital plans may not be achieved; our inability to anticipate customer demand and changing fashion trends and to manage our inventory commensurately; seasonality of our business; our inability to achieve
planned store financial performance; our inability to react to raw material cost, labor and energy cost increases; our inability to gain market share in the face of declining shopping center traffic; our inability to respond to changes in e-commerce and leverage omni-channel demands; our inability to expand internationally; difficulty with our international merchandise sourcing strategies; the possibility that product costs are adversely affected by
foreign trade issues (including import tariffs and other trade restrictions imposed by the U.S., China or other countries), currency exchange rate fluctuations, increasing prices for raw materials, supply chain issues, political instability or other
reasons; challenges with information technology systems, including safeguarding against security breaches; and global economic, public health, social, political and financial conditions, and the resulting impact on consumer confidence and consumer
spending, as well as other changes in consumer discretionary spending habits, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and liquidity. 

The use of the company, AEO, we, us, and our in this release refers to American Eagle Outfitters,
Inc.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>aeo-20250314.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>aeo-20250314_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>aeo-20250314_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>g938844g0316065159282.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>g938844g0316065505639.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 14, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name AMERICAN EAGLE OUTFITTERS INC

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0000919012

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 14, 2025

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 1-33338

Entity Tax Identification Number 13-2721761

Entity Address, Address Line One 77 Hot Metal Street

Entity Address, City or Town Pittsburgh

Entity Address, State or Province PA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 15203-2329

City Area Code (412)

Local Phone Number 432-3300

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, $0.01 par value

Trading Symbol AEO

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.ae.com//20250314/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

aeo-20250314.xsd 
aeo-20250314_lab.xml 
aeo-20250314_pre.xml 
d938844d8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-055246-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>d938844d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000919012 

2025-03-14 
2025-03-14 

AMERICAN EAGLE OUTFITTERS INC 
false 
0000919012 
8-K 
2025-03-14 
DE 
1-33338 
13-2721761 
77 Hot Metal Street 
Pittsburgh 
PA 
15203-2329 
(412) 
432-3300 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.01 par value 
AEO 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>