<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001199835-25-000044.txt : 20250214
<SEC-HEADER>0001199835-25-000044.hdr.sgml : 20250214
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250214163140
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001199835-25-000044
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		25
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250214
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Change in Shell Company Status
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250214
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250214

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Lode-Star Mining Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001319643
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GOLD & SILVER ORES [1040]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				474347638
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53676
		FILM NUMBER:		25629733

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13529 SKINNER ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE N
		CITY:			CYPRESS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77429
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(832) 371-6531

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13529 SKINNER ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE N
		CITY:			CYPRESS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77429

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	International Gold Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050302
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>lsm-8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>LODE-STAR MINING INC. FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false0001319643--12-3100013196432025-02-142025-02-14iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON,
DC 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT PURSUANT

TO
SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date
of report (Date of earliest event reported): February 14, 2025

LODE-STAR
MINING INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 000-53676 47-4347638

(State
or other jurisdiction

of
incorporation) (Commission
File Number) (IRS
Employer Identification No.)

13529
Skinner Road, Suite N, Cypress, Texas 77429

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code)

(832)371-6531

(Registrants
Telephone Number, Including Area Code)

N/A 

(Former
Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

o Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

o Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

o Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

o Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol Name
of each exchange on which registered

None N/A N/A

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company o

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o

Item
1.01 Entry Into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Asset
Purchase Agreement

On February 12, 2025, Lode-Star Mining Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company),
entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the Asset Purchase Agreement)
with Tarka LHerpiniere (the Seller), pursuant to which the Company
agreed to purchase from the Seller all of the Sellers rights, title and interest in and to certain intellectual property, intellectual
property rights and derivative works, including improvements, modifications, creations and enhancements created by the Seller using AI
models licensed from Predictive Technology, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company (Predictive),
relating to software and technology (collectively, the Purchased Assets).
As consideration for the purchase of the Purchased Assets, the Company agreed to issue 227,000,000 shares of common stock, par value
$0.001 per share (Common Stock), of the Company to the Seller, or any person
designated by the Seller (each, a Designee and collectively, the Designees),
provided that such Designee completes and duly executes and delivers to the Company an investor questionnaire that, among other things,
certifies that such Designee is an accredited investor under Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the Securities Act). Pursuant to the terms and conditions
of the Asset Purchase Agreement, the Company agreed to provide piggyback registration rights to the Seller and each Designee
for a period of 12 months commencing on the Closing Date (as defined below) with respect to the shares issued pursuant to the Asset Purchase
Agreement. The transactions contemplated by the Asset Purchase Agreement (collectively, the Transactions)
closed on February 14, 2025 (the Closing Date).

Effective
after the closing of the Transactions, the Company will pursue the further development, marketing and commercialization of software and
technology comprising the Purchased Assets and expected to be named FinTradeSherpa, as further described in this Current
Report on Form 8-K.

The
foregoing description of the Asset Purchase Agreement is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the Asset Purchase Agreement,
a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.01 and incorporated herein by reference.

License
Agreement

In connection with the Asset Purchase Agreement, on the Closing Date, the Company entered into a License Agreement (the
License Agreement) with Predictive, pursuant to which Predictive granted
the Company an exclusive worldwide license to use certain artificial intelligence technology owned by Predictive in connection with the
further development of FinTradeSherpa (the Licensed Technology). Under
the License Agreement, the Company agreed to pay a total fee of $440,000 for the Licensed Technology (the License
Fee), payable in monthly installments of $5,000 due on the 1st business day of each month. Upon payment in full of the
License Fee, the License shall automatically convert into a perpetual, fully paid-up and irrevocable worldwide license to the Licensed
Technology.

The
foregoing description of the License Agreement is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the License Agreement, a copy of which
is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.02 and incorporated herein by reference.

Arcterix
Agreement

In
connection with the Asset Purchase Agreement, on February 13, 2025, the Company entered into an agreement with Arcterix, SARL (Arcterix),
a group of software specialists, pursuant to which Arcterix will carry out certain software development activities on the Companys
behalf with respect to the further development of FinTradeSherpa (the Arcterix Agreement). In exchange for such
services, the Company agreed to pay Arcterix $123,000 within five days after the receipt by the Company of proceeds from an equity financing
of the Company from which the Company receives aggregate gross proceeds of not less than $200,000.

The
foregoing description of the Arcterix Agreement is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the Arcterix Agreement, a copy of which
is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.03 and incorporated herein by reference.

Lock-Up
and Leak-Out Agreement

In
connection with the Asset Purchase Agreement, the Company entered into Lock-Up and Leak-Out Agreements (the Leak-Out Agreements)
with the Seller on February 12, 2025 and with the Designees beginning on February 12, 2025, pursuant to which the Seller and the Designees
agreed not to sell or engage in similar transactions with respect to any Common Stock other than shares received pursuant to the Asset
Purchase Agreement for a period of 180 days after the Closing. The Seller and the Designees also agreed pursuant to the Leak-Out Agreements
not to sell or engage in similar transactions with respect to shares received pursuant to the Asset Purchase Agreement for a period commencing
on the execution of the Leak-Out Agreement and ending on the earlier of 180 days after the Closing and the effective time of a registration
statement filed by the Company to register shares pursuant to the piggyback registration rights described above. After the expiration
of such period, the Seller and the Designees may transfer up to 20% of the shares received pursuant to the Asset Purchase Agreement every
60 days.

The
foregoing description of the Leak-Out Agreements is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the Leak-Out Agreements, a copy of
the form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.04 and incorporated herein by reference.

Debt
Conversion Agreement

In connection with the consummation of the Transactions,
on the Closing Date, the Company entered into a Debt Conversion Agreement (the Debt
Conversion Agreement) with Lode-Star Gold Inc. (LSG), an
entity controlled by the spouse of our sole director and officer, pursuant to which the Company and LSG settled aggregate debt of $169,644.71
owed by the Company to LSG through the conversion of the debt into 1,357,158 shares of Common Stock.

The
foregoing description of the Debt Conversion Agreement is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the Debt Conversion Agreement,
a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.05 and incorporated herein by reference.

Indemnification
Agreement

In
connection with the consummation of the Transactions, on the Closing Date, the Company entered into an Indemnification Agreement (the
Indemnification Agreement) with Mark Walmesley, the Companys sole director and officer, providing for, among
other things, reimbursement for any losses he may incur in legal proceedings related to his service as a director and/or officer, and
the advancement of funds to him to pay any expenses in connection with such proceedings as they are incurred.

The
foregoing description of the Indemnification Agreement is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the Indemnification Agreement,
a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.06 and incorporated herein by reference.

Item
2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets

Reference
is made to the disclosure set forth under Item 1.01 above, which disclosure is incorporated herein by reference.

FORM
10 INFORMATION

References
in this Current Report on Form 8-K to us, we, our, and similar terms refer to the Company.

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This
document and the information incorporated by reference herein include forward-looking statements within the meaning of
the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements, other than statements
of present or historical fact included in or incorporated by reference in this Current Report on Form 8-K, regarding the Companys
future financial performance, as well as the Companys strategy, future operations, financial position, estimated revenues, and
losses, projected costs, prospects, plans and objectives of management are forward-looking statements. When used in this Current Report
on Form 8-K, the words could, should, will, may, believe, anticipate,
intend, estimate, expect, project, the negative of such terms and other similar
expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain such identifying
words. These forward-looking statements are based on managements current expectations and assumptions about future events and
are based on currently available information as to the outcome and timing of future events. The Company cautions you that these forward-looking
statements are subject to all of the risks and uncertainties, most of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond the
control of the Company, incident to its business. These forward-looking statements are based on information available as of the date
of this Current Report on Form 8-K, and current expectations, forecasts and assumptions, and involve a number of risks and uncertainties.
Accordingly, forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing the Companys views as of any subsequent date,
and the Company does not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date
they were made, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities
laws. As a result of a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties, the Companys actual results or performance may be
materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.

Business

Prior
History

We
were incorporated on December 9, 2004 under the laws of the State of Nevada, under the name International Gold Corp. with a view to engage
in the acquisition and exploration of mining properties. On May 12, 2015, we changed our name to Lode-Star Mining Inc. by effecting a
merger with a wholly-owned subsidiary.

On October 4, 2014, we executed a Mineral Option Agreement (Option
Agreement) with LSG, pursuant to which we acquired the exclusive option to earn up to an 80% undivided interest in and
to certain property located in the district of Goldfield in the State of Nevada (the Goldfield
Bonanza Property). As a closing condition to the Option Agreement, we were subsequently acquired by LSG through a Subscription
Agreement, dated December 5, 2014, pursuant to which we issued 35,000,000 shares of Common Stock to LSG in exchange for an undivided
20% beneficial interest in and to the mineral claims owned by LSG with respect to the Goldfield Bonanza Property. The Subscription Agreement
constituted a reverse acquisition, and resulted in LSG taking control of the Company as our largest shareholder. On January 14, 2022,
the Company entered into a Settlement and Termination Agreement (the Settlement Agreement)
with LSG, which provided for the immediate termination of the Option Agreement, the forgiveness by LSG of all amounts owing by the Company
to LSG thereunder, which included approximately $2.224 million in accrued, unpaid penalty and other payments, and the return to LSG of
the Companys 20% undivided interest in and to the Goldfield Bonanza Property. The Settlement Agreement also included a broad mutual
release. However, LSG was not required under the Settlement Agreement to surrender any portion
of the 35,000,000 shares of the Companys Common Stock that LSG previously received in consideration for selling the Company its
initial 20% interest in and to the Goldfield Bonanza Property. 

The
Company was unsuccessful in developing revenue from its mining operations, experiencing losses since its inception. The Companys
directors and officers recognized that the Companys continued existence depended upon developing a new business. Since the closing
of the transactions contemplated by the Settlement Agreement, the Company has had no operations.

Description
of Business

Upon
the closing of the Transactions, the Company acquired the Purchased Assets and changed its name to FinTrade Sherpa, Inc.
Utilizing the Purchased Assets, the Companys business is to further develop a financial technology (FinTech)
product that, among other things, leverages the power of AI to provide predictive analytics for a variety of financial instruments in
various financial markets. Upon development of FinTradeSherpa to a state that the Company deems appropriate, the Company intends to market
and commercialize FinTradeSherpa directly to customers and/or through reselling strategic partners.

FinTradeSherpa
is intended to be an advanced AI-powered financial technology platform designed to provide users with, among other things, predictive
analytics, insights, and tools tailored to publicly traded stocks and other financial asset classes. The core product is intended to
leverage cutting-edge algorithms and machine learning to offer stock market predictions with high accuracy rates.

Upon
final development, FinTradeSherpa is expected to include the following six core features:

1. AI-Powered
Predictions: FinTradeSherpa is expected to deliver AI-driven forecasts on stock movements,
backed by historical data and complex analytical models.

2. Subscription-Based
Model: The Company plans to structure FinTradeSherpa using a tiered subscription model,
catering to various levels of market participantsfrom retail investors to institutional
clients. Subscription tiers are expected to range from the basic Freemium level,
which is expected to offer limited access, to more advanced plans such as Premium
Plus and Premium Ultra, which are expected to offer in-depth predictions
and insights into global stock markets.

3. Add-Ons
and Modules: Although not part of the initial development plan, the Company may further
develop FinTradeSherpa to eventually be a customizable experience for users consisting of
specialized add-ons, including FinTradeSherpa Intelligence (market insights), FinTradeSherpa
Analytics (advanced research tools), FinTradeSherpa Crypto (focused on crypto assets), FinTradeSherpa
Options (for options trading), and FinTradeSherpa FX (for currency markets). To the extent
that the Company ultimately develops these add-ons, the Company expects to make them available
for an additional fee or as standalone products.

4. Global
Market Coverage: FinTradeSherpa is expected to provide predictions and analysis for thousands
of blue-chip stocks and other financial assets across major global markets, including U.S.,
European, and Asian exchanges.

5. Community
Features: Although not part of the initial development plan, the Company may further
develop FinTradeSherpa to integrate social and community aspects into FinTradeSherpa, which
would allow users to engage with a network of other investors for sharing strategies and
insights.

6. Scalability
and Future Growth: The Company intends to design FinTradeSherpa for scalability, with
plans to expand its coverage to additional asset classes, including commodities and fixed
income, and integrate further AI improvements for higher accuracy and performance.

Through
its expected six core features, the Company aims for FinTradeSherpa to be a comprehensive tool for both novice traders and seasoned financial
professionals, offering them the data-driven insights they need to make informed trading decisions. There can be no assurance that we
will be successful in developing, marketing and commercializing FinTradeSherpa with all or any specific combination of these six core
features.

Products

The
Company intends to design FinTradeSherpa to cater to a wide range of users, from retail investors to sophisticated institutional clients,
by offering a tiered subscription model and specialized add-ons. Each product tier is expected to provide access to FinTradeSherpas
AI-driven insights, with higher-tier subscriptions offering expanded predictions, advanced analytics, and additional market intelligence.
This flexible product and pricing structure aims to allow users to choose the level of access that suits their trading needs, while also
offering add-ons that are designed to provide tailored features for more advanced users.

1. FinTradeSherpa
Product Tiers: The core offering of FinTradeSherpa is expected to revolve around five distinct
tiers, with increasing levels of access to predictions, analytics, and global market insights
at each tier. The five product tiers are expected to be as follows:

FinTradeSherpa
Freemium: This entry-level product is expected to provide access to the community and basic
platform features. Although it will likely offer minimal access to predictions, it is expected
serve as an introductory tier for users to explore the platform.

FinTradeSherpa
Basic Plan: This plan is expected to grant users the ability to select five individual stocks
of their choice to track trending headline biases on key stock markets, offering a balance
between affordability and access to valuable insights.

FinTradeSherpa
Premium Plus Plan: This plan is expected to grant users access to the entire NASDAQ-100 index,
along with five individually selected stocks to track trending headline biases. This plan
is intended to provided users deeper insights and access to more stock markets. It is intended
to be designed for investors who require more robust data to make informed trading decisions.

FinTrade
Sherpa Premium Superior Plan: This plan is expected to provide users access to blue-chip
stocks across eight global stock exchanges, covering more than 1,000 stocks, plus five additional
user-selected stocks to track trending headline biases. This plan is intended to provide
a more comprehensive view of global markets, which we believe will make it ideal for active
traders and portfolio managers who need detailed analysis across multiple asset classes.

FinTradeSherpa
Premium Ultra: This tier, the highest planned tier, is expected to offer full access to all
stock predictions across global markets. It is expected to include the most comprehensive
insights and be geared toward institutional clients or highly active traders who require
unrestricted access to the platforms capabilities.

2. Add-On
Products: Although not part of the initial development plan, in addition to the core subscription
tiers, the Company may further develop FinTradeSherpa to allow users to enhance their FinTradeSherpa
experience with the following add-ons, which would each be designed to offer specialized
functionalities:

FinTradeSherpa
Bot: This planned automated trading solution, intended to be available to both B2C and B2B
clients, expects to incorporate all functionalities of the base product, with the addition
of hands-free AI-driven trade execution. Ideal for investors seeking passive income, the
bot is expected to enable users to set customizable risk management parameters and strategies.
Pricing for this add-on will be determined through workshop testing.

FinTradeSherpa
Broker: A B2B product, the Broker package is expected to offer white-label AI solutions for
financial institutions, such as brokerages, hedge funds, and wealth management firms. This
multi-user license product is intended to be designed to allow firms to integrate FinTradeSherpas
AI insights into their trading platforms, either through manual or automated execution.

FinTradeSherpa
Intelligence: This add-on is expected to provide market intelligence and in-depth insights
into global economies and industry trends. It is expected to be designed for users needing
sophisticated intelligence to support their long-term investment strategies.

FinTradeSherpa
Analytics: Intended to be designed for analysts and professional traders, this advanced analytics
package is expected to offer tools for research, backtesting, and algorithmic modelling,
which is intended to enable them to perform complex analysis and refine their trading strategies.

FinTradeSherpa
Crypto: For users focused on cryptocurrency-related stock market products, such as ETFs and
derivatives, this add-on is expected to offer specific predictions for cryptocurrency assets
and support traders who desire to integrate cryptocurrency into their broader strategies.

FinTradeSherpa
Options: This add-on is expected to provide specialized predictions and insights for the
options market, offering users targeted trade signals and advanced analytics.

FinTradeSherpa
FX: The Company intends to tailor this add-on to currency market investors, offering predictions
and risk management tools specific to forex trading. It is intended to serve both retail
and institutional clients who are focused on currency markets.

FinTradeSherpas
product model is intended to be designed for flexibility and scalability. Each user will have to subscribe to one of the core FinTradeSherpa
tiers to access additional features or add-ons. This structure is intended to allow users to customize their experience based on their
trading needs, whether they require basic stock predictions or advanced analytics and market intelligence.

As
the Company evolves, new add-ons and features are expected to be introduced, with more customization options for specific markets and
asset classes. These future enhancements will likely emerge from ongoing workshops and client feedback.

Development
Plans

As
of the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K, we consider essential functions of FinTradeSherpa to have completed the alpha
stage of development and is ready to begin beta stage development. In the context of software development, the alpha stage
of development represents an early phase in the product lifecycle. During this stage, the software incorporates a substantial portion
of its intended features, but remains incomplete and may contain significant defects. Alpha versions are typically subject to internal
testing by the companys development and quality assurance personnel to identify and address major issues. This stage allows the company
to assess core functionality and overall design before progressing to more comprehensive testing phases. While alpha software is operational
to a degree, it generally lacks stability and refinement, and is not considered suitable for public distribution or commercial release.
Alpha-stage software may require substantial additional development and testing before it can be considered a viable commercial product.

The
beta stage of software development is a critical phase in software development that follows the alpha stage. During this period, the
software is considered feature-complete, with most intended functionalities implemented. Beta versions are typically released to a select
group of external users for more extensive testing in real-world conditions. This stage allows developers to identify and address remaining
bugs, compatibility issues, and performance problems while gathering valuable user feedback. Beta testing usually lasts several weeks
to a few months, depending on the softwares complexity. The primary objectives of this phase are to uncover any overlooked issues, evaluate
real-world performance, and ensure the product meets user expectations before its commercial release. Beta software is still considered
pre-release and may undergo further refinement based on testing results before reaching the final release stage.

After
the beta stage of development, software typically progresses to the release candidate phase. During this stage of development, the software
is considered feature-complete and has undergone extensive testing during the beta phase. Developers seek to resolve remaining minor
bugs or performance issues, and the software is usually nearly ready for public release, pending final validation to ensure stability,
usability, and quality. If no significant issues are identified during this phase, the software proceeds to the general release where
it becomes available to all users.

While
we believe that FinTradeSherpa is ready to begin beta stage development, there can be no assurances that FinTradeSherpa will complete
the beta stage or release candidate phase in a timely fashion, if at all.

As
of the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K, we believe that development costs to progress FinTradeSherpa through beta stage and release
candidate phase will be between approximately $245,000 and $425,000. We expect to fund these additional costs through proceeds from one
or more additional capital raises, including through public or private offerings of our equity securities. We may seek to access the
public or private equity markets whenever conditions are favorable; however, there can be no assurance that we will be able to raise
additional capital when needed or on terms that are favorable to us, if at all. We currently have no lines of credit or other arranged
access to debt financing. In order to raise sufficient capital in the future, we may need to increase the number of authorized shares
we are permitted to issue under our governing documents.

Human
Capital and Employees

Mark
Walmesley is our sole executive officer and our sole employee. Mr. Walmesley is not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to
our matters and intends to devote only as much time as he deems necessary to our affairs. The amount of time he will devote in any time
period will vary based on the stage of development FinTradeSherpa is in. We presently expect our executive officer to devote such amount
of time as he reasonably believes is necessary to our business.

Additionally,
we will rely on developers to aid in the further development of FinTradeSherpa pursuant to the terms of the Arcterix Agreement as
described under Item 1.01 above, which disclosure is incorporated herein by reference.

Compliance
with Government Regulations

We
operate, or intend to operate, in a complex regulatory environment consisting of U.S. federal and state laws that is rapidly evolving.
These laws cover or will cover, depending on the products and services we may offer in the future, most aspects of our business and include
laws, regulations, rules and guidance relating to, among other things, securities, consumer finance and protection, privacy and data
protection, anti-money laundering and know your customer requirements, and cryptocurrency. For example, certain rules of the SEC may,
if applicable, regulate the products we can offer to our customers or the levels of net capital we are required to maintain. In addition,
other federal and state laws, public policy, and general principles of equity, such as laws prohibiting unfair and deceptive acts or
practices, may apply to our activities. These laws and regulations impact our business both directly and indirectly. Ensuring ongoing
compliance with these laws and regulations imposes, or will likely impose, significant burdens on our business operations.

In
addition, we may become subject to additional legal or regulatory requirements we are not subject to today if laws or regulations change
in the jurisdictions in which we operate, or if we were to release new products or services. In addition, the regulatory framework for
our products and services is evolving and uncertain, as federal and state governments and regulators consider the application of existing
laws and potential adoption of new laws due to AI. The potential for new laws and regulations, as well as ongoing uncertainty regarding
the application of existing laws and regulations to our current products and services, may negatively affect our business. This could
include the need to modify the way in which we generate revenue from certain business lines, obtain new licenses, or comply with additional
laws and regulations in order to conduct our business. For more information, see Risk Factors below.

Risk
Factors

Risks
Related to Our Business

We
have no operating history in software development or deployment of products into the software market.

We
have no history in the software industry. Accordingly, we have no experience developing, deploying, or selling artificial intelligence
(AI) or FinTech. Therefore, we should be considered a development stage company. As such, our operations will be
subject to all the risks inherent in the establishment of a new business enterprise, including, but not limited to, hurdles or barriers
to the implementation of our business plans. Further, because there is no history of operations, there is also no operating history from
which to evaluate our directors and officers ability to manage our business and operations and achieve our goals or the
likely performance of the Company. Investors should also consider the fact that our directors and officers have not previously
developed or managed similar companies. No assurances can be given that we will be able to achieve or sustain profitability.

Our
lack of experience may hinder our ability to achieve or sustain profitability.

Our
lack of experience in both the AI and FinTech industries makes it challenging to assess our current business and future prospects. As
a growing company in the rapidly evolving AI and FinTech industries, we face, and will continue to face, various risks and challenges.
These include issues with forecasting, allocating our limited resources effectively, gaining market acceptance for FinTradeSherpa, navigating
a complex regulatory environment, and developing new product candidates. As a result, we may not be able to fully execute our business
strategy or achieve the expected benefits from our growth plans within our anticipated timelines. Therefore, it is important to consider
the risks and challenges we face as an early-stage AI and FinTech company working to develop and market FinTradeSherpa.

Our
success depends on further development and success of FinTradeSherpa, which may require substantial additional capital.

We
plan to initially dedicate all of our time, effort, and resources to the further development and commercialization of FinTradeSherpa.
If we are not successful in these efforts, we risk using up all or a significant portion of our available funds on an unsuccessful product,
including funds provided by an investor in this offering. Additionally, factors such as pricing, demand, market acceptance, and regulatory
compliance and approval could negatively impact the long-term success of FinTradeSherpa. As of the date of this Current Report on Form
8-K, we believe that development costs to progress FinTradeSherpa through beta stage and release candidate phase will be between approximately
$245,000 and $425,000. We expect to fund these additional costs through proceeds from one or more additional capital raises, including
through public or private offerings of our equity securities. We may seek to access the public or private equity markets whenever conditions
are favorable; however, there can be no assurance that we will be able to raise additional capital when needed or on terms that are favorable
to us, if at all. We currently have no lines of credit or other arranged access to debt financing. In order to raise sufficient capital
in the future, we may need to increase the number of authorized shares we are permitted to issue under or governing documents.

We
are subject to rapid technological change, which could render our products and services obsolete. 

Our
future success depends in part on our ability to offer products and services that incorporate leading technology and address the increasingly
sophisticated and varied needs of our current and prospective customers. Our market is characterized by rapidly changing and unproven
technology, evolving industry standards, changes in customer needs, emerging competition and frequent new service introductions. These
changes and developments may render our products and technologies obsolete in the future. As a result, our success depends on our ability
to adapt to these changes, particularly to develop new products and services, adapt our current products and services or to acquire new
products and services that can compete successfully. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in these efforts. In addition,
future advances in technology may not be beneficial to or compatible with our business and we may not be able to incorporate technological
advances into our products and services in a cost-effective and timely manner. Keeping pace with technological advances may require substantial
expenditures and lead time, particularly with respect to acquiring updated hardware and infrastructure components for our systems. We
may require additional financing to fund such purchases. Any such financing may not be available on commercially reasonably terms, if
at all, when needed and may result in a loss of earnings and market share.

FinTradeSherpa
is based on unproven technology, which may lead to delays in the release of our products or undetected errors in our products, resulting
in increased costs, delayed market acceptance of our products, and delayed or lost revenue. 

FinTradeSherpa
is based on unproven technology. To achieve market acceptance, our products may require long development and testing periods, which could
result in delays in scheduled introduction. Any delays in the release schedule for our products may delay market acceptance of these
products and may delay new or existing customers from using our products and result in the loss of new or existing customers. In addition,
our products may contain a number of undetected errors or bugs when they are first released. Although we test each product
before it is released to the market, there can be no assurance that significant errors will not be found in product releases. As a result,
in the months following the introduction of certain releases, we may need to devote significant resources to correct these errors. There
can be no assurance, however, that all of these errors can be corrected.

Use
of artificial intelligence in our operations and product offerings could result in reputational or competitive harm, legal or regulatory
liability and adverse impacts on our results of operations.

We
have incorporated, and expect to continue to incorporate in the future, AI solutions into our operations and product offerings, and the
use of AI involves various risks and challenges that could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
The development and deployment of AI systems involve inherent technical complexities and uncertainties, and our AI systems may encounter
unexpected technical difficulties, limitations or errors, including inaccuracies in data processing or flawed algorithms, which could
compromise the reliability and effectiveness of our products and services based on AI. In addition, our competitors or other third parties
may incorporate AI into their products more quickly or more successfully than us, which could impair our ability to compete effectively.

The
use of AI applications, including large language models, may result in cybersecurity incidents that implicate the personal data of end
users of such applications. Any such cybersecurity incidents related to our use of AI applications could adversely affect our reputation
and results of operations. AI also presents emerging ethical issues, and if our use of AI becomes controversial, we may experience brand
or reputational harm, competitive harm, regulatory scrutiny or legal liability.

The
introduction of AI technologies into our products and services may result in new or enhanced governmental or regulatory scrutiny, litigation,
confidentiality or security risks, ethical concerns or other complications that could adversely affect our business, reputation or financial
results. The regulatory landscape governing AI technologies is evolving rapidly, and changes in laws, regulations or enforcement practices
may impose new compliance requirements, restrict certain AI applications or increase our regulatory obligations, which could negatively
impact our business and results of operations.

Data
privacy risks, such as cyber-attacks and security breaches of customer, employee, or Company information, may have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

In
the development and commercialization of FinTradeSherpa, we will rely extensively on computer systems, including third-party systems,
to collect, use, transmit, store and report data on information systems and interact with customers, vendors and employees. Increased
global IT security threats and more sophisticated and targeted computer crime and increased ransomware attacks pose a risk to the security
of our systems and networks and third-party systems and networks with our data (including employee and customer data), and the confidentiality,
availability and integrity of our data. Despite our security measures, our IT systems and infrastructure may be vulnerable to computer
viruses, cyber-attacks, and/or security breaches caused by employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions, with heightened risks due
to geopolitical conflicts. These threats also may be further enhanced in frequency or effectiveness through threat actors use
of artificial intelligence technologies, which are becoming more widely adopted and increasingly sophisticated. Any such threat could
compromise our networks and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. A security breach of
our computer systems or third-party systems with our data could interrupt or damage our operations or harm our reputation, or both. In
addition, we could be subject to legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information and
regulatory penalties if confidential information relating to customers, suppliers, employees or other parties is misappropriated from
our computer system or third-party systems with our data. We cannot guarantee that our security efforts will prevent unauthorized access
or loss of functionality to our or our third-party providers systems.

We
depend on key management personnel and attracting and retaining other qualified personnel, and our business could be harmed if we lose
key management personnel or cannot attract and retain other qualified personnel.

A
significant part of our Companys success relies on the technical expertise and ongoing contributions of Arcterix and its employees
or contractors, and we do not currently have any key man insurance policies in place. Additionally, as we seek to grow, we
will need to recruit additional specialized personnel. Our plans to grow and invest in the development of FinTradeSherpa will lead to
higher personnel and operational costs. To acquire and retain skilled employees, we will be competing with other companies both inside
and outside the AI and FinTech industries, some of which may have greater financial resources and more intellectual property than we
do. There is no guarantee that we will be able to hire and keep employees with the necessary expertise to support our growth and ensure
success, especially if we struggle to secure adequate financing. If we are unable to maintain the qualified staff needed to meet our
growth objectives, it could materially and adversely impact on our business, financial condition, and future prospects.

We
operate in very competitive industries and will have competitors with greater resources than us.

The
market for FinTradeSherpa is intensely competitive, rapidly evolving, and highly sensitive to the launch of new products. We anticipate
that FinTradeSherpa will face direct competition from several well-established AI and FinTech products and many more early-stage AI and
FinTech products. If we are unable to keep pace with rapid advancements in AI, especially in the FinTech industry, our business results
and competitive position may suffer.

We
expect that we will need to raise additional funding, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all.

We
currently believe, based upon our expected costs and expenses, that the gross proceeds received pursuant to this offering will be
sufficient to enable the early development of FinTradeSherpa. However, if for any number of reasons, including, but not limited to,
our costs and expenses being higher than anticipated, unexpected delays and/or faults in our design and development process and/or
in obtaining regulatory approvals, such funds may not be sufficient to allow us to finalize development of FinTradeSherpa. In that
case, we will need additional funds to develop the sales, marketing and operational expertise to support FinTradeSherpa. We also
expect to need further funds to market and commercialize FinTradeSherpa. If we are unsuccessful in securing additional financing
when needed and on terms acceptable to us, we may be unable to execute our business plan which could result in us scaling back or
halting our operations. Our ability to raise additional capital is uncertain and depends on various factors outside of our control,
including, but not limited to, market conditions, economic factors, the availability of credit, the AI industry, and other related
and unrelated factors. If we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the interests of
then-existing stockholders may be materially diluted, and the terms of such securities could include liquidation or other
preferences that adversely affect their rights as common stockholders. If we pursue debt financing or preferred equity financing,
the agreements may impose restrictive covenants that limit our ability to take certain actions, such as incurring additional debt,
making capital expenditures, or declaring dividends.

Our
operations and profitability could be adversely affected by government policies and regulations, particularly those affecting the artificial
intelligence and financial services industries.

The
use of AI in FinTradeSherpa may result in enhanced governmental or regulatory scrutiny, litigation, compliance issues, ethical concerns,
confidentiality or security risks, as well as other factors that could adversely affect our business, reputation, and financial results.
For example, AI technologies can hallucinate, producing inaccurate or misleading results. Additionally, AI can produce
results with unintended biases and discriminatory outcomes. Such hallucinations or biases could negatively impact our customers, damage
our reputation, and expose us to legal liability. We may be restricted in our ability to use, develop, or deploy AI in our products or
processes due to laws, regulations or industry standards that develop in response to the use of AI, which could hinder the growth of
our business. For example, we may be subject to significant costs to comply with EUs AI Act, which became effective on August
1, 2024, and governs the development, marketing and use of AI in the EU, or we could receive significant fines for failing to comply.

Moreover,
FinTradeSherpa may rely on third-party data, which introduces risks related to data rights and protection. The legal and regulatory environment
surrounding AI is rapidly changing and remains uncertain, especially regarding intellectual property ownership and license rights, cybersecurity,
and data protection laws, and is yet to be fully addressed by courts or regulators. The development, use, or integration of AI technologies
into our products could expose us to third-party claims of copyright infringement or other intellectual property violations, which may
result in us being required to pay compensation or licensing fees to third parties. The ongoing changes to the legal, regulatory and
compliance landscape of AI may also impact our ability to protect our own data and intellectual property against infringement.

We
are dependent on intellectual property obtained or licensed from third parties, and if we were to fail to comply with our obligations
under our existing and any future intellectual property licenses with third parties, we could lose intellectual property rights that
are important to our business and we may not be able to continue developing or commercializing our product candidates.

We
are party to the License Agreement, pursuant to which Predictive granted the Company an exclusive worldwide license to use certain
AI technology owned by Predictive in connection with the further development of FinTradeSherpa, which is important to our business.
We may enter into additional license agreements in the future. Our existing license agreement with Predictive imposes, various due
diligence, license fees, and other obligations on us, and we expect that any future license agreements will impose similar
obligations, including, but not limited to, milestone payments, royalties, and insurance obligations. Any uncured, material breach
under the License Agreement could result in our loss of rights to use the intellectual property licensed to us, and could compromise
our development and commercialization efforts for our current or any future product candidates.

Licensing
of intellectual property is of critical importance to our business and involves complex legal, business and scientific issues. Disputes
may arise regarding intellectual property subject to the License Agreement or a future license agreement, including disputes regarding:

the
scope of rights granted under the license agreement and other interpretation-related issues;

whether
and the extent to which our technology and processes infringe on intellectual property of
the licensor that is not subject to the licensing agreement;

our
obligations to third parties;

our
diligence obligations with respect to the use of the licensed technology in relation to our
development and commercialization of our product candidates, and what activities satisfy
those diligence obligations;

the
ownership of inventions and know-how resulting from the joint creation or use of intellectual
property by our licensors and us;

our
right to transfer or assign the license; and

the
effects of termination.

If
disputes over intellectual property that we have licensed prevent or impair our ability to maintain our current licensing arrangement
on acceptable terms, we may be unable to successfully develop and commercialize the affected product candidates.

If
we fail to effectively protect our technology or enforce our intellectual property rights, our business could be negatively impacted.

We
believe that the success of FinTradeSherpa largely depends on our intellectual property. Currently, we do not hold any copyrights or
patents, and due to the importance of intellectual property to our success, it may be necessary for us to secure and maintain copyright
and patent protection. However, the scope of a patent can be significantly reduced during the application process, and it can be altered
after being granted. Additionally, if our patent applications are rejected, or are granted but later invalidated in court, our ability
to competitively leverage FinTradeSherpa could be substantially harmed. Even if patents are granted, they may not offer significant competitive
advantages or could be challenged or circumvented by competitors, potentially limiting our ability to commercially capitalize on our
technology. We will also depend on trade secrets and contracts to protect our unpatented, confidential, and proprietary technology. However,
protecting trade secrets is challenging, and although we will require certain employees, consultants, and others to sign agreements regarding
our confidential information, there is no guarantee these agreements will fully protect our trade secrets or proprietary information.
Breaches of these agreements may occur, or they may not be enforceable in all cases, leaving us without sufficient remedies. Additionally,
our trade secrets could be discovered or independently developed by competitors. If we are unable to effectively protect our technology,
trade secrets, proprietary knowledge, or enforce any patents we obtain, our business, financial condition, and future prospects could
suffer.

Intellectual
property litigation is becoming more frequent and increasingly costly, potentially leading to significant business restrictions and expenses,
even if we prevail in such disputes. 

Patent
and intellectual property litigation may be required to defend against or assert infringement claims, protect trade secrets, clarify
the scope and validity of third-party proprietary rights, or enforce any patents we hold or acquire, including those we may license from
others. While we do not believe our intellectual property infringes on the rights of others, there is no guarantee that litigation will
not arise in the future, nor can we ensure a favorable outcome or the ability to acquire necessary intellectual property on reasonable
terms, if at all. Any such litigation, whether justified or not, is both time-consuming and expensive to defend or pursue. Moreover,
if we are found to infringe on the intellectual property rights of others, we could lose the right to develop, manufacture, or sell our
products, or be forced to pay damages or royalties to license the necessary intellectual property from third parties. An unfavorable
outcome in court or a failure to obtain required licenses could hinder our ability to develop, manufacture, or sell products, significantly
harming our business, financial standing, and future prospects.

We
may encounter unforeseen challenges that could require us to adjust or even abandon our current business plan.

As
an AI company in its early development stage, there is a chance our business plan may change significantly based on our encountering
unforeseen challenges. Given the capital-intensive nature of our business, as well as statutory or regulatory requirements and other
factors beyond our control, we may encounter challenges that are detrimental to our business plan. Accordingly, we reserve the right
to significantly modify our business plan depending on future events.

As
a public company, we incur increased expenses.

We
have incurred, and will likely continue to incur, expenses associated with continuing as a public company, including, but not limited
to, legal, accounting, filing and other related costs.

Risks
Related to Our Common Stock

There
is no active liquid trading market for our Common Stock.

Our
Common Stock is traded on pink sheets and is not actively traded. There is no guarantee that a viable trading market will ever develop,
or if one does, that it will be sustained. As a result, investors may have difficulty selling their shares or obtaining accurate price
quotations. This lack of liquidity could negatively impact the market price of our Common Stock. A limited market may also hinder our
ability to raise capital through share sales or to acquire other companies or assets using our Common Stock as payment. If an active
market for our Common Stock develops, there is a significant risk that its price could experience considerable fluctuations due to factors
beyond our control, including: (i) variations in our quarterly operating results; (ii) announcements that our revenue or income fall
below analysts expectations; (iii) general economic downturns; (iv) large sales of our Common Stock; and (v) announcements by
us or our competitors of major contracts, acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, or capital commitments.

Our
Common Stock is subject to the penny stock rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, which may make it more difficult
for stockholders to sell our Common Stock.

Our
Common Stock qualifies as a penny stock under Rule 15g-9 the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act),
which imposes additional sales practice requirements on brokers-dealers who engage in transactions involving our securities. Specifically,
broker-dealers must make a special suitability determination and receive a written agreement from you before making a sale on your behalf.
Due to these additional requirements, broker-dealers may be reluctant to make a market for our Common Stock, which could limit your ability
to resell your shares and may lead to a decrease in the value of your investment.

FINRA
sales practice requirements may limit your ability to buy and sell our Common Stock, which could suppress the price of our shares.

The
Financial Industry Regulatory Authoritys (FINRA) rules require broker-dealers to have reasonable grounds
to believe that an investment is suitable for a customer before recommending it to that customer. Before recommending speculative, low-priced
securities to non-institutional customers, broker-dealers are required to make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customers
financial status, tax status and investment objectives, among other factors. Based on interpretations of these rules, FINRA views speculative,
low-priced securities as potentially unsuitable for some customers. As a result, FINRAs requirements may make it more difficult
for broker-dealers to recommend our Common Stock, which could negatively affect the market for our stock and your ability to trade it,
thus putting downward pressure on its price.

Compliance
with the reporting requirements of federal securities laws can be time-consuming, complex, and costly.

As
a publicly reporting company in the United States, we are subject to the information and reporting requirements of the Exchange Act,
other federal securities laws, and the compliance obligations of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The process of preparing and filing annual and
quarterly reports, as well as other required information with the SEC, along with obtaining and submitting the necessary certifications,
is time-consuming, complex, and costly. Furthermore, if we fail to provide up-to-date information to market makers, they may be unable
to trade our stock. Non-compliance with applicable securities laws could lead to legal action, either private or governmental, against
us or our officers and directors, potentially harming our business and financial condition, reducing the value of our stock, and limiting
stockholders ability to resell their shares.

Our
investors ownership in the Company may be diluted in the future.

In
the future, we may issue additional authorized but previously unissued equity securities, which would dilute the ownership interests
of our current stockholders. This could include issuing a substantial number of shares of Common Stock or other securities convertible
into or exercisable for Common Stock in connection with hiring or retaining employees, making future acquisitions, raising additional
capital to fund operations, or other business purposes. The issuance of additional shares of our Common Stock will result in the dilution
of an investors stake in the Company.

Our
articles of incorporation grants our Board of Directors the power to designate and issue additional shares of common and/or preferred
stock.

Our
authorized capital consists of 480,000,000 shares of Common Stock and 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock, of which 1,000,000 is designated
as series A preferred stock. Our preferred stock may be designated into series pursuant to authority granted by our articles of incorporation,
and on approval from our board of directors. Our board of directors, without any action by our stockholders, may designate and issue
shares in such classes or series as the board of directors deems appropriate and establish the rights, preferences and privileges of
such shares, including dividends, liquidation and voting rights. The rights of holders of other classes or series of stock that may be
issued could be superior to the rights of holders of our Common Stock. The designation and issuance of shares of capital stock having
preferential rights could adversely affect other rights appurtenant to shares of our Common Stock.

We
do not intend to pay dividends; thus, there will be fewer ways in which you are able to earn on your investment.

We
have not declared any cash dividends, nor do we have any plans to do so. If we receive additional funding in the future, the
source or sources of such funding may prohibit us from declaring dividends. Since we have no intention of declaring any dividends, the
price of our Common Stock will need to appreciate for you to earn on your investment.

Rule
144 is not generally available to holders of our Common Stock, which makes it difficult to resell shares in the future.

With
limited exceptions related to certain shares acquired before we became a shell company (as defined in Rule 405 of
the Securities Act, all of our presently outstanding shares of Common Stock are restricted securities as defined
under Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act (Rule 144)
and may only be resold pursuant to an effective registration statement or an exemption from registration. Rule 144
generally provides a safe harbor exemption for the resale of restricted securities. However, restricted securities that
we issued while we were a shell company or anytime thereafter, can only be resold in reliance on Rule 144 if the following conditions
are met:

(i) we
have ceased to be a shell company;

(ii) we
are subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of Exchange Act;

(iii) we
filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the
preceding 12 months, other than Current Reports on Form 8-K; and

(iv) at
least one year has elapsed from the time we filed current comprehensive disclosure with the
SEC reflecting our status as an entity that is not a shell company, known as Form 10
Information.

There
can be no assurance that we will ever meet these conditions or that holders of our shares of Common Stock will be entitled to rely on
Rule 144 for the resale of their shares. This could have a materially adverse effect on the trading market for our shares, if a trading
market develops, of which there is no assurance.

Future
sales of our Common Stock could adversely affect our stock price and our ability to raise capital in the future, resulting in our inability
to raise required funding for our operations.

Any
sales of substantial amounts of our Common Stock in the public market, or the perception that those sales might occur, could harm the
market price of our Common Stock. Further, certain stockholders have piggy-back registration rights afforded
to them if we file a registration statement with the SEC; these shares or any registered securities we may register can also have an
adverse effect on any market for our Common Stock. The issuance of additional shares would dilute the value of our outstanding
shares of Common Stock.

Our
principal stockholders and management own a significant percentage of our Common Stock and will be able to control matters subject to
stockholder approval.

As
of immediately after the Closing, our executive officers, directors and holders of 5% or more of our capital stock beneficially owned
approximately 32.12% of our outstanding Common Stock. The interests of these stockholders may not be the same as or may even conflict
with the interests of other stockholders. For example, these stockholders could delay or prevent a change of control of the Company, even
if such a change of control would benefit other stockholders, which could deprive our other stockholders of an opportunity to receive
a premium for their common stock as part of a sale of our company or our assets and might affect the prevailing market price of our Common
Stock. The significant concentration of stock ownership may adversely affect the trading price of our Common Stock due to investors
perception that conflicts of interest may exist or arise.

Managements
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

For
the Fiscal Year ended December 31, 2023

Funding

All
of our ongoing operations, since October 4, 2014, and prior to Closing, have been funded by monies advanced to us by LSG, our largest
shareholder, and one other related party, LSGs primary shareholder. Given the termination of our Mineral Property Option Agreement
with LSG, we do not anticipate that those two related party sources will continue to provide any significant future funding.

We
do not currently have enough funds to carry out our entire plan of operations, so we intend to meet the balance of our cash requirements
for the next 12 months through a combination of debt financing and equity financing through public offerings or private placements. There
is no assurance that we will be successful in completing any such financings.

If
we are unsuccessful in obtaining sufficient funds through our capital raising efforts, we may review other financing options, although
we cannot provide any assurance that any such options will be available to us or on terms reasonably acceptable to us. Further, if we
are unable to secure any additional financing then we may reduce the amount that we spend on our operations, including further development
of FinTradeSherpa, so as not to exceed the capital resources available to us. Regardless, we do not expect that our current cash reserves
and working capital will be sufficient for us to sustain our business for the next 12 months, even if we decide to scale back our operations.

Going
Concern

Our
auditors have issued a going concern opinion. This means that there is substantial doubt that we can continue as an on-going business
for the next 12 months unless we obtain additional capital to pay our expenses. This is because we have not generated any revenues
to date, and we cannot currently estimate the timing of any possible future revenues. Our only source for cash currently is loans or
investments by others in our Common Stock.

Results
of Operations

The
following comments on our results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements for the year ended
December 31, 2023, which are incorporated herein by reference to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2023. See the Cautionary Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements above for a discussion of forward-looking statements
and the significance of such statements in the context of this report. We recorded net loss of $62,940 for the year ended December 31,
2023, have an accumulated deficit of $4,326,263 and have had no operating revenues. The possibility and timing of revenue being generated
from our business is uncertain.

Revenues,
Expenses and Net Loss 

Years
Ended December 31 Increase/(Decrease) 

2023 2022 Amount Percentage 

Revenue $ - $ - $ - - 

Operating
Expenses 62,940 155,518 (92,578 ) -60 %

Operating
Loss (62,940 ) (155,518 ) (92,578 ) 60 %

Other - 2,186,449 (2,186,449 ) -100 %

Net
Income (Loss) $ (62,940 ) $ 2,030,931 $ 2,093,871 103 %

The most significant driver
of the year over year change in net income is the $2,186,917 benefit attributed to the reversal of in-process research and development
(IPR&D) due to rescission of a certain asset purchase agreement and
a certain royalty agreement (the Sapir Agreements), both dated as of December
28, 2021, during the year ended December 31, 2022. The IPR&D was expensed in a prior year upon entering into the Sapir Agreements.

Working
Capital Deficiency

December
31 Increase/(Decrease) 

2023 2022 Amount Percentage 

Current
Assets $ 2,474 $ 886 $ 1,588 179 %

Current
Liabilities 91,924 27,396 (64,528 ) -236 %

Working
Capital (Deficiency) $ (89,450 ) $ (26,510 ) $ (62,940 ) 237 %

The
most significant driver of the year-over-year change our working capital deficiency is the $64,528 increase in current liabilities.

Cash
Flows

December
31 Increase/(Decrease) 

2023 2022 Amount Percentage 

Cash
Flows Provided By (Used In): 

Operating
Activities $ (55,511 ) $ (101,600 ) $ 46,089 -45 %

Financing
Activities 57,099 96,478 (39,379 ) -41 %

Net
increase (decrease) in cash $ 1,588 $ (5,122 ) $ 6,710 -131 %

As
of the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K, we have yet to generate any revenues from our business operations. Our principal sources
of working capital have been related party loans and funds received as subscriptions for our Common Stock. We have no assurance that
we can successfully engage in any public or private sales of our securities or that we can obtain any additional loans.

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements

We
have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future effect on our financial condition,
changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that
are material to investors.

Commitments

We
do not have any commitments as of December 31, 2023 which are required to be disclosed in tabular form.

For
the Quarterly Period ended September 30, 2024

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our unaudited
interim financial statements, which are incorporated by reference to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September
30, 2024. In addition to historical financial information, the following discussion includes certain forward-looking statements that
reflect our plans, estimates, and our current views with respect to future events and financial performance. Forward-looking statements
are often identified by words like: believe, expect, estimate, anticipate, intend, project and similar expressions, or words which, by
their nature, refer to future events. You should not place undue certainty on these forward-looking statements, which apply only as of
the date of this report. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, we do not intend to
update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results.

Results
of Operations

The following summary of our results of operations should be read in conjunction with our unaudited interim financial
statements for the period ended September 30, 2024, which are incorporated herein by reference to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
the period ended September 30, 2024.

Three
Months Ended September 30 Change 

2024 2023 Amount Percentage 

Revenue $ - $ - $ - 

Operating
Expenses 12,285 8,844 3,441 39 %

Operating
Loss (12,285 ) (8,844 ) (3,441 ) 39 %

Other
Income (Expense) - - - 

Net
Loss $ (12,285 ) $ (8,844 ) $ (3,441 ) 39 %

Nine
Months Ended September 30 Change 

2024 2023 Amount Percentage 

Revenue $ - $ - $ - 

Operating
Expenses 34,552 40,447 (5,895 ) -15 %

Operating
Loss (34,552 ) (40,447 ) 5,895 -15 %

Other
Income (Expense) - - - 

Net
Loss $ (34,552 ) $ (40,447 ) $ 5,895 -15 %

Revenues

We
had no operating revenues during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. We recorded a net loss of $12,285 for the current
quarter and have an accumulated deficit of $4,360,815.

Expenses

Notable
year over year differences in expenses for the period ended September 30, 2024 are as follows:

Three
Months Ended September 30 Change 

2024 2023 Amount Percentage 

$ $ $ 

Consulting
services 460 - 460 -100 %

Corporate
support services - 466 (466 ) -100 %

Office,
foreign exchange and sundry 6,126 764 5,362 702 %

Professional
fees 3,867 5,516 (1,649 ) -30 %

Transfer
and filing fees 1,832 2,098 (266 ) -13 %

Nine
Months Ended September 30 Change 

2024 2023 Amount Percentage 

$ $ $ 

Consulting
services 1,386 - 1,386 -100 %

Corporate
support services 2,068 1,376 692 50 %

Office,
foreign exchange and sundry 3,014 2,480 534 22 %

Professional
fees 21,523 27,901 (6,378 ) -23 %

Transfer
and filing fees 6,561 8,690 (2,129 ) -24 %

The
decrease in expenses in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 is related to a decrease in office expenses from foreign exchange calculation,
lower professional expenses for accounting and filing fees offset by an increase in corporate support and services.

Balance
Sheets at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023

Items
with notable period-end differences are as follows:

Change 

September
30, 2024 December
31, 2023 Amount Percentage 

$ $ $ 

Cash 3,575 2,474 1,101 45 %

Accounts
payable and accrued liabilities 5,518 14,689 (9,171 ) -62 %

Due
to related parties and accrued interest 122,059 77,235 44,824 58 %

The
decrease in accrued liabilities is due to the audit fees accrual for 2023 at December 31, 2023. The increase in due to related party
is due to the additional funding provided by Companys majority shareholder to cover operating expenses.

Liquidity
and Capital Resources

We
have not generated revenues to date, and we anticipate that substantial expenditures will be necessary to develop and expand our business
before significant positive operating cash flows can be achieved. The Company may never achieve profitability, and unless and until it
does, the Company will continue to need to raise additional capital. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon
our ability to raise additional capital and to ultimately achieve sustainable revenues and profitable operations. There
can be no assurances, however, that additional funding will be available on terms acceptable to the Company, or at all.

At
September 30, 2024, our total assets were $3,575 and our total liabilities were $127,577. Our working capital deficiency at September
30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, and the changes between those dates were as follows:

Change 

September
30, 2024 December
31, 2023 Amount Percentage 

$ $ $ 

Current
Assets 3,575 2,474 1,101 45 %

Current
Liabilities 127,577 91,924 35,653 39 %

Working
Capital Deficiency (124,002 ) (89,450 ) (34,552 ) 39 %

The
increase in our working capital deficiency from December 31, 2023, to September 30, 2024, was due to cash outflow from operating activities
which were funded by loans from related parties.

As
of the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K, we believe that development costs to progress FinTradeSherpa through beta stage and release
candidate phase will be between approximately $245,000 and $425,000. We expect to fund these additional costs through proceeds from one
or more additional capital raises, including through public or private offerings of our equity securities. We may seek to access the
public or private equity markets whenever conditions are favorable; however, there can be no assurance that we will be able to raise
additional capital when needed or on terms that are favorable to us, if at all. We currently have no lines of credit or other arranged
access to debt financing. In order to raise sufficient capital in the future, we may need to increase the number of authorized shares
we are permitted to issue under our governing documents.

Cash
Flows

Nine
Months Ended September 30 Change 

2024 2023 Amount Percentage 

$ $ $ 

Cash
Flows Provided by (Used In): 

Operating
Activities (43,723 ) (41,936 ) (1,787 ) 4 %

Financing
Activities 44,824 45,926 (1,102 ) -2 %

Net
Increase (Decrease) in Cash 1,101 3,990 (2,889 ) -72 %

We
have yet to generate any revenues from our business operation and our ability to generate adequate amounts of cash to meet our needs
is entirely dependent on the issuance of shares or loans, which have been our principal sources of working capital so far. For the foreseeable
future, we will have to continue to rely on those sources for funding. We have no assurance that we can successfully engage in any further
private sales of our securities or that we can obtain any additional loans.

Critical
Accounting Policies

Our
critical accounting policies are mainly those subject to significant judgments and uncertainties which could potentially result in materially
different results under different conditions and assumptions. We believe the following critical accounting policies reflect our most
significant estimates, judgments and assumptions used in the preparation of our financial statements:

Use
of Estimates and Assumptions

The
preparation of financial statements, in conformity with GAAP, requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts
reported in the financial statements and accompanying disclosures. By their nature, these estimates are subject to measurement uncertainty
and the effect on the financial statements of changes in such estimates in future periods could be significant. Management bases its
estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results
of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other
sources. Significant areas requiring managements estimates and assumptions are determining the fair value of transactions involving
related parties and Common Stock. Actual results may differ from the estimates.

Acquired
In-Process Research and Development

Acquired
IPR&D income (expense) includes the initial costs of IPR&D projects, acquired directly in a transaction other than a business
combination, that do not have an alternative future use and is expensed on acquisition. Following the rescission of the Sapir Agreements,
the expensed IPR&D was reversed through the income statement.

Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management

The
following table sets forth information known to us regarding the beneficial ownership of our Common Stock immediately following the consummation
of the Transactions by:

each
person who is the beneficial owner of more than 5% of issued and outstanding our Common Stock;

each
of our current executive officers and directors; and 

all
executive officers and directors of the Company as a group. 

Beneficial
ownership is determined according to the rules of the SEC, which generally provide that a person has beneficial ownership of a security
if he, she or it possesses sole or shared voting or investment power over that security, including options and warrants that are currently
exercisable or exercisable within 60 days. The beneficial ownership of Company Common Stock is based on 349,294,600 shares of Common
Stock issued and outstanding immediately following the consummation of the Transactions.

Name
and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) Common
Shares Ownership
(2)

Mark
Walmesley (3) 111,835,960 32.02%

Lonnie
S. Humphries (4) 111,835,960 32.02%

Thea
Evans (5) 29,934,066 8.57%

Oliver
Willett (6) 30,499,071 8.73%

Richard
Willett (7) 30,499,071 8.73%

(1) Unless
otherwise indicated, the address of all named persons is 13529 Skinner Road, Suite N, Cypress, Texas 77429.

(2) Based
on 349,294,600 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding effective on the Closing Date effective immediately after the closing
of the Transactions.

(3) Mark
Walmesley serves as our sole executive officer and our sole director. Includes (i) 9,960,545 shares held directly by Mr. Walmesley, and
(ii) 101,875,415 shares beneficially owned directly or indirectly by Mr. Walmesleys spouse, Lonnie S. Humphries.

(4) Lonnie
S. Humphries is the spouse of our sole officer and director, Mark Walmesley. Includes (i) 99,127,076 shares held directly by LSG, which
is owned 100% by Ms. Humphries, (ii) 200,000 shares held directly by the Lonnie S. Humphries Non-Exempt Trust, (iii) 2,530,339 shares held directly
by Ms. Humphries, and (iv) 9,960,545 shares held directly by Mr. Walmesley.

(5) The
address of Thea Evans is 182 Chemin du Bien Etre, Villecroze, 83690, FR

(6) The
address of Oliver Willett is 243 Route Couttet Champion, 74400 Chamonix-Mt-Blanc, FR

(7) The
address of Richard Willett is 96 Kokopell Lane, Philipsburg, MT 59858, USA

Changes
in Control

As
of the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K, we are not aware of any arrangements that are not already described in this Current Report
on Form 8-K, including any pledge by any person of our securities, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change
in our control.

Directors
and Executive Officers

As
of the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K, the names, ages and positions of our executive officers and directors are as follows:

Name Age Position

Mark
Walmesley 67 Director,
President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, and Secretary

Mark
Walmesley was appointed as our Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and director on September 22, 2014, and our President and Chief
Executive Officer on December 11, 2014. He has been LSGs Director of Operations since 2005 and a director of the Company since
March 2009. From 2005 to 2010, Mr. Walmesley directed operations on the Goldfield Bonanza Property, during which time LSG had a crew
of up to eight people performing surface and underground exploratory drilling and mine rehabilitation work. In 2010 and 2011, he negotiated
the terms of the ICN Option Agreement on behalf of LSG, and he is currently directing all of LSGs advancement activities. Since
1985, Mr. Walmesley has been the owner and operator of Mark Walmesley, Inc., a private Texas corporation, which specializes in the sale
of window etching theft deterrent products that are distributed throughout the United States in the automotive aftermarket industry.
Through an established network of agents and car dealerships, he has achieved product fulfillment on millions of vehicles over his 34-year
career. Since 2008, Mr. Walmesley has been developing an emergency medical communications platform for FAST Alert Support Team, Inc.,
a company dedicated to facilitating worldwide communication between emergency medical technicians (EMTs), incapacitated individuals and
people assigned by those individuals to accommodate pre-determined essential support. Although the project is currently on hold, Mr.
Walmesley originally developed this online software solution for the medical industry in the United States and plans to build the business
using his existing network of automotive industry contacts. He remains the companys Founder and Chief Software Architect. Mr.
Walmesley has also been involved in financing and mentoring a variety of other private companies throughout his professional career.

Executive
Compensation

Compensation
Program

The
Company does not currently compensate its executives. Mr. Walmesley has elected to forego compensation until the second quarter of 2025.

The
following discussion is based on the present expectations as to the executive compensation program to be decided by the board of directors
subsequent to the Closing Date. The executive compensation program actually adopted will depend on the judgment of the board of directors
and may differ from that set forth in the following discussion. The Companys primary objective with respect to executive compensation
will be to design a reward system that will align executive compensation with the Companys overall business strategies and attract
and retain highly qualified executives. The Company intends to stay competitive in the marketplace with companies of comparable size,
industry and complexity.

The
Companys compensation philosophy is intended to reward demonstrated performance and encourage behavior that is in the long-term
best interests of the company and its stockholders. The Company anticipates that compensation for its executive officers will have
four primary components: base salary, sales commissions, an annual cash incentive bonus, certain perquisites and additional compensation
as may be outlined in applicable employment agreements, and long-term compensation in the form of equity grants once the Company is in
a financial position to consider such commitments.

Summary
Compensation Table

The
following sets forth information with respect to the compensation awarded or paid to Mark Walmesley, our President, Chief Executive Officer,
Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Director and Secretary for all services rendered in all capacities to us during our fiscal years
ended December 31, 2024 and 2023. We do not have any other executive officers and no other individual received total compensation from
us in excess of $100,000 during those years.

Pursuant
to Item 402(a)(5) of Regulation S-K we have omitted certain columns from the table since there was no compensation awarded to, earned
by or paid to these individuals required to be reported in such columns in either year.

Option All
Other 

Years
Ended Salary Awards Compensation Total 

Name
and Principal Position December
31 ($) ($) ($) ($) 

Mark
Walmesley, CEO (1) 2024 - - - - 

2023 - - - - 

(1) Mark
Walmesley was appointed as our Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and director on September 22, 2014, and our President and Chief Executive
Officer on the December 11, 2014. Mr. Walmesley has been LSGs Director of Operations since 2005 and a director of the company
since March 2009.

Director
Compensation

We
have not compensated any of our directors for their service on the board of directors. Directors are not compensated for their service
as officers.

Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

The
following information summarizes transactions since the beginning of the Companys last fiscal year, or any currently proposed
transaction, in which the Company was or is to be a participant and the amount involved exceeds the lesser of $120,000 or one percent
of the average of the Companys total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years, and in which any related person
had or will have a direct or indirect material interest.

Reference
is made to the Arcterix Agreement and Debt Conversion Agreement set forth under Item 1.01 above, which disclosure is incorporated herein
by reference. Mr. Oliver Willett, a holder of more than 5.0% of our Common Stock after the Closing, has an ownership interest in Arcterix.

Parents
of the Company

Prior
to the Closing Date, LSG was the largest shareholder of the Company, owning 97,769,918 shares of Common Stock, which was equivalent to
80.84% of the Companys voting securities. After the Closing Date, LSG owns 99,127,076 shares of Common Stock, which equals 28.38%
of the Companys voting securities.

Director
Independence

Because
our Common Stock is not currently listed on a national securities exchange, we currently use the definition in NASDAQ Listing Rule 5605(a)(2)
for determining director independence, which provides that an independent director is a person other than an executive
officer or employee of the company or any other individual having a relationship which, in the opinion of the Companys board of
directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. We have no independent
directors because our directors are also our executive officers.

Legal
Proceedings

We
are not a party to any pending legal proceeding which management believes is likely to result in a material liability and no such action
has been threatened against us, or, to the best of our knowledge, is contemplated.

Market
Price of and Dividends on the Registrants Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters

Our
Common Stock is traded on pink sheets. As of February 4, 2025, we had 70 shareholders of record of our Common Stock. We have not declared
any cash dividends, nor do we have any plans to do so. Management anticipates that, for the foreseeable future, any available cash will
be needed to fund our operations.

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities

On
June 8, 2022, the Company entered into debt conversion agreements with three related parties pursuant to which the creditors converted
an aggregate of $2,601,207.55 in accrued, unpaid debt into 70,302,906 shares of the Companys Common Stock at a price of $0.037
per share. The identities of the creditors and the particulars of the conversions were as follows:

LSG
($2,322,487, which amount includes the $2,223,894 reinstated under a reinstatement agreement,
converted into 62,769,918 shares);

Lonnie
Humphries, the controlling shareholder of LSG ($42,941.58 converted into 1,160,583 shares);
and

Mark
Walmesley, the President, Chief Executive Officer and a director of the Company ($235,778.97
converted into 6,372,405 shares).

The
issuance of the shares was exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act as a transaction by an issuer not involving
any public offering. The creditors provided representations to the Company that they acquired their respective shares for investment
purposes only and acknowledged that their respective shares were restricted securities for purpose of the Securities
Act and would bear all restrictive legends required under applicable securities laws.

Additionally, on the Closing
Date the Company issued shares pursuant to the Asset Purchase Agreement and pursuant to the Debt Conversion Agreement, in each case as
set forth under Item 1.01 above, which disclosure is incorporated herein by reference.

Reference
is also made to the disclosure set forth under Item 3.02 below, which disclosure is incorporated herein by reference.

Description
of Registrants Securities

Authorized
Capital Stock

The
following description of our Common Stock and preferred stock is a summary. It is not complete and is subject to and qualified in
its entirety by our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (as amended, the Articles
of Incorporation) and our bylaws (the Bylaws). Our Articles of Incorporation authorize the issuance of 500,000,000 shares of
capital stock, consisting of (i) 480,000,000 shares of Common Stock, and (ii) 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.001
per share (the Preferred Stock).

Common
Stock

Holders
of Common Stock are entitled to one non-cumulative vote per share on all matters on which shareholders may vote. If dividends are legally
declared by the Companys board of directors, holders of Common Stock have rights to dividends based on their proportional ownership
of the Company, subject to the prior rights of holders of any outstanding preferred stock. Additionally, holders of Common Stock are
entitled to share on a pro rata basis in all of the Companys assets available for distribution to such holders upon liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Companys affairs, subject to the prior rights of holders of any outstanding preferred stock.
Common Stock does not provide preemption, subscription or conversion rights. Further, there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions
included in the Articles of Incorporation with respect to Common Stock.

The
foregoing description of the Common Stock is qualified in its entirety by (i) the Articles of Incorporation, a copy of which is attached
hereto as Exhibit 3.4 and incorporated herein by reference, (ii) the Bylaws, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 3.2 and incorporated
herein by reference, and (iii) the laws of the State of Nevada.

As
of immediately after the Closing, there were 349,294,600 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding, and there were approximately
84 holders of record of our Common Stock.

Preferred
Stock

The
Articles of Incorporation provides that Preferred Stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. The board of directors
is authorized to determine the designations, preferences, voting powers, qualifications and special or relative rights or privileges
of any such series before the issuance of any shares of that series. The shares of each series of preferred stock of the Company have
the same relative powers, preferences and rights as, and are identical in all respects with, all the other shares of the same series,
except for the time from which dividends may begin to accrue. The board of directors is able, without stockholder approval, to issue
preferred stock with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the Common
Stock and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of the board of directors of the Company to issue preferred stock without stockholder
approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control or the removal of existing management.

Series
A Preferred

On
December 23, 2021, the board of directors authorized the creation of a series of Preferred Stock (the Series A Preferred Stock),
which includes 1,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock. No other Preferred Stock shall be designated as Series A Preferred Stock.
Each issued and outstanding share of Series A Preferred Stock is convertible, at any time, into 450 shares of Common Stock.

Holders
of Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to notice of, and to vote or consent to, all actions on which holders of Common Stock and any
other series of Preferred Stock are required or permitted to act upon, including, without limitation, the election of directors. To the
extent that any shares of the Series A Preferred Stock are issued and outstanding, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock vote together
as a single class with the holders of Common Stock and the holders of any other class or series of shares entitled to vote with the Common
Stock, with the holders of Series A Preferred Stock being entitled to 450 votes per share, and the holders of Common Stock and any other
shares entitled to vote being entitled to one vote per share, except as the Articles of Incorporation may otherwise provide. The holders
of at least 66 2/3% of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock may call a special meeting of holders of Series A Preferred
Stock (or a request for a vote by written consent without a meeting) to approve or disapprove any action of the Company on which the
holders of Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to vote as a separate class, which include (i) amending the Articles of Incorporation
in any manner that adversely affects the rights of holders of Series A Preferred Stock; (ii) adversely alerting or changing the voting
or other powers, preferences, rights, privileges, or restrictions of Series A Preferred Stock contained in the certificate of designation
of the Series A Preferred Stock (the Certificate of Designation) or altering or amending the Certificate of Designation;
or (iii) entering any agreement with respect to the foregoing.

The
Series A Preferred Stock shall rank senior and prior to all other securities issued by the Company upon any liquidation, dissolution
or winding up of the Company. Upon the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock having received the distributions to which they are entitled,
the remaining assets of the Company available for distribution to shareholders shall be distributed among the holders of Common Stock
and the Series A Preferred Stock, on an as converted basis, pro rata in proportion to the number of shares of Common Stock held by each
holder. With respect to the liquidation rights set forth herein, a business combination is deemed a liquidation of the Company.

We
have no Preferred Stock outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not currently intend to issue any Preferred Shares, we cannot
assure you that we will not do so in the future.

Indemnification
of Officers and Directors

Nevada
law and the Articles of Incorporation allow us to indemnify our officers and directors against claims associated with carrying out the
duties of their offices. The Bylaws also allow us to reimburse them for the costs of certain legal defenses. In connection with the consummation
of the Transactions, the Company entered into the Indemnification Agreement with Mark Walmesley, the Companys sole director and
officer, providing for, among other things, reimbursement for any losses he may incur in legal proceedings related to his service as
a director and/or officer, and the advancement of funds to him to pay any expenses in connection with such proceedings as they are incurred.
Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to our officers, directors or control persons,
we have been advised by the SEC that such indemnification is against public policy and is therefore unenforceable.

Financial
Statements

Reference
is made to the disclosure set forth under Item 9.01 below, which disclosure is incorporated herein by reference.

Changes
in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

(a) The
Company engaged Davidson & Company LLP (Davidson) to replace Smythe
LLP (Smythe) after Smythe advised the Company on December 6, 2024 that
they wished to discontinue services due to a change in their policies. Smythes report
on the financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 contained no adverse
opinion or disclaimer of opinion and was not qualified or modified as to audit scope or accounting,
except that the report contained an explanatory paragraph stating that there was substantial
doubt about the Companys ability to continue as a going concern.

We
have authorized Smythe to respond fully to the inquiries of the successor accountant.

(b) On
January 2, 2025, our board of directors approved the engagement of Davidson as the Companys
independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2024,
effective immediately. During the Companys two most recent fiscal years ended December
31, 2023 and 2022, neither the Company nor anyone acting on its behalf consulted with Davidson
regarding any of the matters described in Items 304(a)(2)(i) and (ii) of Regulation S-K.

Item
3.02 Unregistered Sale of Equity Securities.

Reference
is made to the disclosure set forth under Item 1.01 above, which disclosure is incorporated herein by reference.

The
issuances of the Common Stock were exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, as transactions by an issuer
not involving any public offering. The offerings were made without general solicitation, and Common Stock was only issued to accredited
investors, as such term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D under the Securities Act. At the time of
the issuances, the Common Stock was deemed to be restricted securities for purpose of the Securities Act and will bear restrictive legends
to that effect.

Item
5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year

On
February 13, 2025, our board of directors approved the changing of our name from Lode-Star Mining Inc. to FinTrade Sherpa,
Inc. Thereafter, on February 14, 2025, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation with the Nevada
Secretary of State to effect the aforementioned name change of the Company.

Item
5.06 Change in Shell Company Status.

Reference
is made to the disclosures set forth under Item 1.01 and Item 2.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K, which disclosure is incorporated
herein by reference.

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

(a)
Financial Statements of Business Acquired.

None.

(b)
Pro Forma Financial Statements.

None.

(c)
Shell Company Transactions.

In
accordance with Item 9.01(c), the Companys financial statements and information contained in the Companys (i) Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, and (ii) Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2023,
are incorporated herein by reference.

(d)
Exhibits.

Exhibit

Number Description

3.1 Articles
of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Companys Form SB-2 filed on March 4, 2005).

3.2 Bylaws
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Companys Form SB-2 filed on March 4, 2005).

3.3 Amended
and Restated Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Companys Form 14-C filed on November
24, 2014).

3.4* Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation.

4.1 Specimen
Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 the Companys Form SB-2 filed on March 4, 2005).

4.2 Certificate
of Designation of Series A Preferred (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K
filed on January 3, 2022).

10.01* Asset Purchase Agreement.

10.02* License Agreement.

10.03* Arcterix Agreement.

10.04* Form of Leak-Out Agreement.

10.05* Debt Conversion Agreement.

10.06* Indemnification Agreement.

10.07 Omnibus
Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Companys Form 14-C filed on November 24, 2015).

16.1 Letter
from Smythe regarding Change in Certifying Accountant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 16.1 to the Companys Current Report
on Form 8-K filed on December 17, 2024).

23.1* Consent of Independent Auditor.

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

* Filed
herewith.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

LODE-STAR
MINING INC.

Dated:
February 14, 2025 By: /s/
Mark Walmesley

Mark
Walmesley

President,
Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, and Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.4
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>lsmg-ex3_4.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.4

Filed in the Office of Francisco V. Aguilar Secretary of State State of Nevada Business
Number C33116-2004 Filing Number 20254666751 Filed on 2/14/2025 8:24:00 AM Number of Pages 2 FRANCISCO V. AGUILAR Secretary of State
401 North Carson Street Carson City, Nevada 89701-4201 (775) 684-5708 Website: www.nvsos.gov Profit Corporation: Certificate of Amendment
(PURSUANT TO NRS 78.380 & 78.385/78.390) Certificate to Accompany Restated Articles or Amended and Restated Articles (PURSUANT TO
NRS 78.403) Officer's Statement (PURSUANT TO NRS 80.030) TYPE OR PRINT - USE DARK INK ONLY DO NOT HIGHLIGHT 1. Entity information:
Name of entity as on file with the Nevada Secretary of State: Lode-Star Mining Inc. Entity or Nevada Business Identification Number (NVID):
NV20041676251 2. Restated or Amended and Restated Articles: (Select one) (If amending and restating only, complete section 1,2 3, 5 and
6) [] Certificate to Accompany Restated Articles or Amended and Restated Articles [] Restated Articles - No amendments; articles are
restated only and are signed by anofficer of the corporation who has been authorized to execute the certificate by resolution of the
board of directors adopted on: The certificate correctly sets forth the text of the articles or certificate as amended to the date of
the certificate. [] Amended and Restated Articles * Restated or Amended and Restated Articles must be included with this filing type.
3. Type of Amendment Filing Being Completed: (Select only one box) (If amending, complete section 1, 3, 5 and 6.) [] Certificate of Amendment
to Articles of Incorporation (Pursuant to NRS 78.380 - Before Issuance of Stock) The undersigned declare that they constitute at least
two-thirds of the following: (Check only one box) [] incorporators [] board of directors The undersigned affirmatively declare that to
the date of this certificate, no stock of the corporation has been issued [X] Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (Pursuant
to NRS 78.385 and 78.390 - After Issuance of Stock) The vote by which the stockholders holding shares in the corporation entitling them
to exercise at least a majority of the voting power, or such greater proportion of the voting power as may be required in the case of
a vote by classes or series, or as may be required by the provisions of the articles of incorporation* have voted in favor of the amendment
is: Or [X] No action by stockholders is required, name change only. [] Officer's Statement (foreign qualified entities only) - Name in
home state, if using a modified name in Nevada: Jurisdiction of formation: Changes to takes the following effect: [] The entity name
has been amended. [] Dissolution [] The purpose of the entity has been amended. [] Merger The authorized shares have been amended. []
Conversion [] Other: (specify changes) * Officer's Statement must be submitted with either a certified copy of or a certificate evidencing
the filing of any document, amendatory or otherwise, relating to the original articles in the place of the corporations creation. This
form must be accompanied by appropriate fees. Page 1 of 2 Revised: 9/1/2023

FRANCISCO V. AGUILAR Secretary of State 401 North Carson Street Carson City, Nevada 89701-4201
(775) 684-5708 Website: www.nvsos.gov Profit Corporation: Certificate of Amendment (PuRsuANT TO NRs 18.380 & 18.385/78.390) Certificate
to Accompany Restated Articles or Amended and Restated Articles (PuRsuANT TO NRs 78.403) 4. Effective Date and Time: (Optional) Date:
Time: (must not be later than 90 days after the certificate is filed) 5. Information Being Changed: (Domestic corporations only) Changes
to takes the following effect: [X] The entity name has been amended. [] The registered agent has been changed. (attach Certificate of
Acceptance from new registered agent) [] The purpose of the entity has been amended. [] The authorized shares have been amended. [] The
directors, managers or general partners have been amended. [] IRS tax language has been added. [] Articles have been added. [] Articles
have been deleted. [] Other The articles have been amended as follows: (provide article numbers, if available) Please see below. (attach
additional pages(s) if necessary) 6. Signature: (Required) x Signature of Officer or Authorized Signer: /s/ Mark W. Walmesley Title:
President and Chief Executive Officer x Signature of Officer or Authorized Signer: Title: *If any proposed amendment would alter or change
any preference or any relative or other right given to any class or series of outstanding shares, then the amendment must be approved
by the vote, In addition to the affirmative vote otherwise required, of the holders of shares representing a majority of the voting power
of each class or series affected by the amendment regardless to limitations or restrictions on the voting power thereof. Please include
any required or optional Information in space below: (attach additional page(s) If necessary) Article l of the Amended and Restated Articles
of Incorporation is amended and restated in its entirety as follows: "The name of the Corporation is FinTrade Sherpa, Inc." This form
must be accompanied by appropriate fees. Page 2 of 2 Revised: 9/1/2023

Secretary of State State of Nevada NEVADA STATE BUSINESS LICENSE FinTrade Sherpa, Inc.
Nevada Business Identification # NV20041676251 Expiration Date: 12/31/2025 In accordance with Title 7 of Nevada Revised Statutes, pursuant
to proper application duly filed and payment of appropriate prescribed fees, the above named is hereby granted a Nevada State Business
License for business activities conducted within the State of Nevada. Valid until the expiration date listed unless suspended, revoked
or cancelled in accordance with the provisions in Nevada Revised Statutes. License is not transferable and is not in lieu of any local
business license, permit or registration. License must be cancelled on or before its expiration date if business activity ceases. Failure
to do so will result in late fees or penalties which, by law, cannot be waived. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed
the Great Seal of State, at my office on 02/14/2025. /s/ Francisco V. Aguilar FRANCISCO V. AGUILAR Secretary of State Certificate Number:
B202502145439863 You may verify this certificate online at https://www.nvsilverflume.gov/home
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.01
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>lsmg-ex10_01.htm
<DESCRIPTION>ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

THIS ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT made as of the 12th day of February, 2025.

BETWEEN:

LODE-STAR
MINING INC., a corporation incorporated under the
laws of the state of Nevada, with an address at 1 East Liberty Street, Suite 600 Reno, Nevada, USA 89501

(the
Purchaser)

AND:

Tarka
LHerpiniere, an individual with an address
at 168 Route de la Roumnaz, 74400, Chamonix-Mt-Blanc, France

(the
Vendor)

WHEREAS:

A. The
Vendor is the sole and exclusive legal and beneficial owner of all right, title, and interest in and to the assets, materials and Intellectual
Property (as defined below) described in Schedule A, attached hereto and incorporated herein by reference, including the Intellectual
Property Rights therein and thereto (collectively, the IP Assets).

B. The
Purchaser wishes to acquire or to cause a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Purchaser to acquire (the Acquisition),
and the Vendor wishes to sell, transfer, convey, assign, and deliver, on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, all of
Vendors right, title and interest in and to and under all IP Assets, including all past and future income, royalties, damages and payments
due (including, rights to damages and payments for past, present or future infringements or misappropriations) with respect thereto,
in each case, of the Vendor in all countries relating to such IP Assets (collectively the Purchased Assets), free
and clear of all Encumbrances (as defined below).

In
consideration of the undertakings of the parties, their mutual promises and covenants, and other valuable consideration as provided,
the parties, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:

ARTICLE 1
INTERPRETATION

1.1 Definitions

In
this Agreement and in the schedules, the following terms and expressions will have the following meanings:

(a) Agreement
means this asset purchase agreement and all instruments amending it; hereof,
hereto and hereunder and similar expressions mean and
refer to this Agreement and not to any particular Article, Section, or other subdivision;
Article, Section or other subdivisions of this Agreement
followed by a number means and refers to the specified Article, Section or other subdivision
of this Agreement;

(b) Acquisition
has the meaning ascribed thereto in the Recitals;

(c) Assessment
shall include a reassessment or additional assessment and the term assessed
shall be interpreted in the same manner;

(d) Business
Day means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a statutory holiday in the
State of Texas;

(e) Closing
means the completion of the Transaction pursuant to this Agreement at the Closing Time;

(f) Closing
Date means the date on which the Closing occurs;

(g) Closing
Time means 10:00 am in the City of Houston, Texas on the Closing Date or such other
time on the Closing Date as the Parties may agree upon as the time at which the Closing shall
take place;

(h) Consent
means a license, permit, approval, consent, certificate, registration or authorization (including,
without limitation, those made or issued by a Regulatory Authority, in respect of a Contract,
or otherwise);

(i) Contract
means any agreement, understanding, indenture, contract, lease, deed of trust, license, option,
instrument or other commitment, whether written of oral;

(j) Encumbrances
means mortgages, charges, pledges, security interests, liens, encumbrances, actions, claims,
demands and equities of any nature whatsoever or howsoever arising and any rights or privileges
capable of becoming any of the foregoing;

(k) Intellectual
Property means all rights and title under copyright, or trademark, and all trade-names,
designs, Technical Know-How, Patents and other intellectual property rights of any kind throughout
the world, whether registered or not, owned or controlled by the Vendor and relating to the
development of Artificial Intelligence technology that comprise an advanced financial analytics
and prediction platform built on machine learning technologies, specifically designed for
financial market analysis and trading decision support, and which exist as of the Closing
Date and including, without limitation all intellectual property listed in Schedule A
hereto, and all physical embodiments thereof;

(l) Law
or Laws means all requirements imposed by statutes, regulations, rules,
ordinances, by-laws, decrees, codes, policies, judgments, orders, rulings, decisions, approvals,
notices, permits, guidelines or directives of any Regulatory Authority;

(m) Loss
and Losses mean any and all demands, claims, actions or causes of action,
assessments, losses, damages, liabilities, costs, and expenses, including without limitation,
interest, penalties, fines and reasonable attorneys, accountants and other professional fees
and expenses, but excluding damages for lost profits or lost business opportunities and excluding
any indirect, consequential or punitive damages suffered by the Purchaser or the Vendor;

(n) Patents
means any United States, Canadian or foreign patents and applications (including provisional
applications), patents issuing from such applications, certificates of invention or any other
grants by any court, administrative agency or commission or other federal, state, provincial,
county, local or foreign governmental authority, instrumentality, agency commission or subdivision
thereof, including the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, Canadian Intellectual Property Office
and the European Patent Office, for the protection of inventions, or foreign equivalents
of any of the foregoing;

(o) Parties
means the Vendor and the Purchaser and any other person that may become a party to this Agreement,
and Party means any one of them;

(p) person
includes any individual, corporation, partnership, firm, joint venture, syndicate, association,
trust, government, governmental agency and any other form of entity or organization;

(q) U.S.
Securities Act means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended;

(r) Regulatory
Authority means any government, regulatory or administrative authority, agency,
commission, utility or board (federal, provincial, municipal or local, domestic or foreign)
having jurisdiction in the relevant circumstances and any person acting under the authority
of any of the foregoing and any judicial, administrative or arbitral court, authority, tribunal
or commission having jurisdiction in the relevant circumstances;

(s) Securities
Laws means the securities laws, regulations, rules, rulings and orders and the
blanket rulings and policies and written interpretations of, and multilateral or national
instruments adopted by, the securities regulators and the policies and rules of any applicable
stock exchange or quotation or stock reporting system;

(t) Technical
Know-How shall mean all published or unpublished research, development information,
technical data, designs, formulas, prototypes, samples, plans, specifications, methods, processes,
systems, trade secrets, empirical data, computer programs and any other information or documentation
related to the Intellectual Property, whether patentable or unpatentable, and whether in
written, machine readable, oral form or drawing, and which exists at the Closing Date of
this Agreement or which is subsequently developed or otherwise created from the IP Assets;

(u) Transaction
means the purchase and sale of the Purchased Assets and all other transactions contemplated
by this Agreement.

1.2 Best
Knowledge

Any
reference herein to the best knowledge of the Vendor will be deemed to mean the actual knowledge of the Vendor, together
with the knowledge which they would have had if they had conducted a diligent inquiry into the relevant subject matter.

1.3 Currency

Unless
otherwise indicated, all references to dollar ($) amounts in this Agreement are expressed in U.S Dollar currency.

1.4 Governing
Law

This
Agreement shall be exclusively governed by and construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas and the federal
laws of the United States applicable therein. The Parties hereby irrevocably attorn to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the
State of Texas with respect to any matter arising under or related to this Agreement.

1.5 Interpretation
Not Affected by Headings

The
division of this Agreement into articles and sections and the insertion of headings are for convenience of reference only and shall not
affect the construction or interpretation of this Agreement.

1.6 Number
and Gender

In
this Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires, any reference to gender shall include both genders and words importing the singular
number shall include the plural and vice-versa.

1.7 Time
of Essence

Time
shall be of the essence of every provision of this Agreement.

1.8 Severability

Each
of the provisions contained in this Agreement is distinct and severable and a declaration of invalidity or unenforceability of any such
provision or part thereof by a court of competent jurisdiction shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision
hereof.

1.9 Calculation
of Time Periods

Where
a time period is expressed to begin or end at, on or with a specified day, or to continue to or until a specified day, the time period
includes that day. Where a time period is expressed to begin after or to be from a specified day, the time period does not include that
day. Where anything is to be done within a time period expressed after, from or before a specified day, the time period does not include
that day. If the last day of a time period is not a Business Day, the time period shall end on the next Business Day.

1.10 Statutory
Instruments

Unless
otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement, any reference in this Agreement to any Law shall be construed as a reference to such
Law as amended or re-enacted from time to time or as a reference to any successor thereto.

1.11 Incorporation
of Exhibits and Schedules

The
following are the exhibits and schedules attached to and incorporated by reference into this Agreement:

Exhibit
A Form
of Investor Questionnaire

Exhibit
B Form
of Leak-Out Agreement

Schedule A Purchased
Assets

ARTICLE 2
PURCHASE AND SALE

2.1 Purchased
Assets

On
the terms and subject to the fulfilment of the conditions of this Agreement, the Vendor agrees to sell, assign and transfer to the Purchaser
or to a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Purchaser designated by the Purchaser prior to Closing, and the Purchaser agrees to purchase (or
to cause the purchase) from the Vendor at the Closing Time on the Closing Date, all of the Purchased Assets in Schedule A.

2.2 Purchase
Price

The
aggregate purchase price (the Purchase Price) payable by the Purchaser to the Vendor for the Purchased Assets at Closing,
shall be the issuance of 227,000,000 shares (the Consideration Shares), of common shares, par value $0.001 per share,
of the Purchaser (Common Shares).

2.3 Payment
of Purchase Price

At
the Closing Time, the Purchaser will issue the Consideration Shares to the Vendor or to any person designated by the Vendor in writing
prior to Closing, provided that any such designated person has returned to the Purchaser a completed and duly executed Investor Questionnaire
in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A.

2.4 Transfer
Taxes

The
Purchaser shall be liable for and shall pay all federal and state sales taxes and all other taxes, duties, fees or other like charges
of any jurisdiction properly payable in connection with the transfer of the Purchased Assets by the Vendor to the Purchaser.

2.5 Securities
Laws Compliance

(1) The
Parties hereto acknowledge that the issuance of the Consideration Shares by the Purchaser to the Vendor as contemplated herein is being
made pursuant to an exemption from the registration and prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws pursuant to Section 4(a)(2)
of the U.S. Securities Act, Regulation D promulgated under the U.S. Securities Act, and/or Regulation S promulgated under the U.S. Securities
Act.

(2) The
Vendor represents, warrants, confirms to and covenants with the Purchaser that:

(a) it,
and any other recipients of the Consideration Shares, will comply with all requirements of
applicable securities laws in connection with the issuance to it of the Consideration Shares
and the resale of any of the Consideration Shares;

(b) the
Vendor understands that the Consideration Shares have not been registered under the U.S.
Securities Act or the securities laws of any State of the United States or of any other jurisdiction
and that the Purchaser does not intend to register the Consideration Shares under the U.S.
Securities Act, or the securities laws of any State of the United States or of any other
jurisdiction and has no obligation to do so;

(c) the
Vendor, and any other recipients of the Consideration Shares, are acquiring the Consideration
Shares for its own account and not with a view to its distribution within the meaning of
Section 2(11) the U.S. Securities Act;

(d) the
Vendor, and any other recipients of the Consideration Shares who so indicate, are not U.S.
Persons as that term is defined in Rule 902(k) of Regulation S of the U.S. Securities
Act, and are acquiring the Consideration Shares pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the U.S. Securities
Act and/or Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act in a private offering,
and have the ability to bear the economic risk in connection with the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including a complete loss of future value related
to the Consideration Shares;

(e) the
Vendor is a resident of the country and state (where applicable) set forth on the signature
page hereto and is not acquiring the Consideration Shares as a nominee or agent or otherwise
for any other person;

(f) the
Vendor will comply with all applicable Laws and regulations in effect in any jurisdiction
in which the Vendor purchases or sells the Consideration Shares and obtain any consent, approval
or permission required for such purchases or sales under the Laws and regulations of any
jurisdiction to which the Vendor is subject or in which the Vendor makes such purchases or
sales, and the Purchaser shall have no responsibility therefor;

(g) the
Vendor is familiar with the business and financial condition and operations of the Purchaser,
and the Vendor has had access to such information concerning the Purchaser and the Consideration
Shares as it deems necessary to enable it to make an informed investment decision concerning
the acquisition of the Consideration Shares;

(h) the
Vendor is not relying on (and will not at any time rely on) any communication (written or
oral) of the Purchaser, as investment advice or as a recommendation to acquire the Consideration
Shares;

(i) the
Vendor confirms that the Purchaser has not (1) given any guarantee or representation as to
the potential success, return, effect or benefit (either legal, regulatory, tax, financial,
accounting or otherwise) of an acquisition of the Consideration Shares or (B) made any representation
to the Vendor regarding the legality of an acquisition of the Consideration Shares under
applicable legal investment or similar Laws or regulations, and in deciding to accept the
Consideration Shares, the Vendor is not relying on the advice or recommendations of the Purchaser
and the Vendor has made its own independent decision that the acquisition of the Consideration
Shares is suitable and appropriate for the Vendor;

(j) the
Vendor has such knowledge, skill and experience in business, financial and investment matters
that the Vendor is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in the Consideration
Shares; with the assistance of the Vendors own professional advisors, to the extent
that the Vendor has deemed appropriate, the Vendor has made its own legal, tax, accounting,
and financial evaluation of the merits and risks of an investment in the Consideration Shares;
the Vendor has considered the suitability of the Consideration Shares as an investment in
light of its own circumstances and financial condition and the Vendor is able to bear the
risks associated with an investment in the Consideration Shares, and it is authorized to
invest in the Consideration Shares;

(k) the
Vendor is an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a) under the U.S. Securities
Act;

(l) the
Vendor is acquiring the Consideration Shares solely for the Vendors own beneficial
account, for investment purposes, and not with a view to, or for resale in connection with,
any distribution of the Consideration Shares; the Vendor understands that the Consideration
Shares have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act or any state securities laws
by reason of specific exemptions under the provisions thereof which depend in part upon the
investment intent of the Vendor and of the other representations made by the Vendor in this
Agreement; the undersigned understands that the Purchaser is relying upon the representations
and agreements contained in this Agreement (and any supplemental information) for the purpose
of determining whether this transaction meets the requirements for such exemptions;

(m) the
Vendor understands that the Consideration Shares are restricted securities under
applicable U.S. federal securities laws and that the U.S. Securities Act and the rules of
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) provide in substance
that the Vendor may dispose of the Consideration Shares only pursuant to an effective registration
statement under the U.S. Securities Act or an exemption from the registration requirements
of the U.S. Securities Act, and the Vendor understands that the Purchaser has no obligation
or intention to register any of the Consideration Shares or the offering or sale thereof,
or to take action so as to permit offers or sales pursuant to the U.S. Securities Act or
an exemption from registration thereunder (including pursuant to Rule 144 thereunder).; accordingly,
the Vendor that under the Commissions rules, the undersigned may dispose of the Consideration
Shares only in private placements which are exempt from registration under the
U.S. Securities Act, in which event the transferee will acquire restricted securities,
subject to the same limitations that apply to the Consideration Shares in the hands of the
Vendor; consequently, the Vendor understands that the Vendor must bear the economic risks
of the investment in the Consideration Shares for an indefinite period of time;

(n) the
Vendor agrees: (1) that the Vendor will not sell, assign, pledge, give, transfer, or otherwise
dispose of the Consideration Shares or any interest therein, or make any offer or attempt
to do any of the foregoing, unless the transaction is registered under the U.S. Securities
Act and complies with the requirements of all applicable state and foreign securities laws,
or the transaction is exempt from the registration provisions of the U.S. Securities Act
and all applicable requirements of state or foreign securities laws; (2) that the certificates
representing the Consideration Shares will bear a legend making reference to the foregoing
restrictions; and (3) that the Purchaser and its affiliates shall not be required to give
effect to any purported transfer of such Consideration Shares, except upon compliance with
the foregoing restrictions; and

(o) the
Vendor acknowledges that neither the Purchaser nor any other person offered the Consideration
Shares by means of any form of general solicitation or advertising, including but not limited
to: (1) any advertisement, article, notice or other communication published in any newspaper,
magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or (2) any seminar or meeting
whose attendees were invited by any general solicitation or general advertising, and the
Vendor further represents that none of the Vendor or any of its designees receiving Consideration
Shares have engaged in any activities that constitute any form of general solicitation.

(3) Upon
the issuance of the Consideration Shares to the Vendor or his designees, and until such time as is no longer required under applicable
securities laws, the certificates representing the Consideration Shares will bear legends in substantially the following form:

THE
SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE
U.S. SECURITIES ACT). THE HOLDER HEREOF, BY ACQUIRING SUCH SECURITIES, AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE CORPORATION THAT SUCH
SECURITIES MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED ONLY (A) TO THE CORPORATION, (B) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN ACCORDANCE
WITH RULE 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT IF APPLICABLE, (C) INSIDE THE UNITED STATES (1) PURSUANT TO THE EXEMPTION
FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144 THEREUNDER, IF AVAILABLE, AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH
APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, OR (2) IN A TRANSACTION THAT DOES NOT REQUIRE REGISTRATION UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OR ANY APPLICABLE
STATE LAWS AND REGULATIONS GOVERNING THE OFFER AND SALE OF SECURITIES, AND THE HOLDER, PRIOR TO SUCH SALE PURSUANT TO (C)(1) OR (2),
HAS FURNISHED TO THE CORPORATION AN OPINION OF COUNSEL OR OTHER EVIDENCE OF EXEMPTION IN FORM AND SUBSTANCE REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO
THE CORPORATION. PROVIDED THAT IF THE CORPORATION IS A FOREIGN ISSUER AS THAT TERM IS DEFINED BY REGULATION S OF THE U.S.
SECURITIES ACT AT THE TIME OF SALE, A NEW CERTIFICATE BEARING NO RESTRICTIVE LEGEND, DELIVERY OF WHICH WILL CONSTITUTE GOOD DELIVERY,
MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE TRANSFER AGENT, UPON DELIVERY OF THIS CERTIFICATE AND A DULY EXECUTED DECLARATION, IN FORM SATISFACTORY TO THE
CORPORATION AND ITS TRANSFER AGENT, TO THE EFFECT THAT THE SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY IS BEING MADE IN COMPLIANCE WITH
RULE 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT. IN ADDITION, HEDGING TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE CONDUCTED
UNLESS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE 1933 ACT.

ARTICLE 3
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

3.1 Representations
and Warranties of the Vendor

The
Vendor hereby makes the following representations and warranties to the Purchaser, intending to induce the Purchaser to enter into this
Agreement, and acknowledges that the Purchaser is relying on such representations and warranties in entering into this Agreement and
completing the Transaction:

(1) Existence
of the Vendor. The Vendor is an individual that is resident in France.

(2) Power
and Authority. The Vendor has the power and authority to own or lease its property, including the ownership of the Purchased Assets
and the Intellectual Property, and to carry on its business as now being conducted by it. To the extent required, the Vendor has obtained
the necessary permissions and licenses to create the Purchased Assets and no third party has now or shall have in the future, any ownership,
license, or other rights in the Purchased Assets or the Intellectual Property.

(3) Options.
Except for the Purchasers right in this Agreement, no person has any option, warrant, right, call, commitment, conversion right,
right of exchange or other agreement or any right or privilege (whether by law, pre-emptive or contractual) capable of becoming an option,
commitment, conversion right, right of exchange or other agreement for the purchase from the Vendor of any of the Purchased Assets.

(4) Validity
of Agreement.

(a) The
Vendor has all necessary power to own the Purchased Assets and to enter into and perform
its obligations under this Agreement, and the Vendor has all necessary power to enter into
and perform its obligations under any other agreements or instruments to be delivered or
given by it pursuant to this Agreement.

(b) The
Vendors execution and delivery of, and performance of its obligations under, this
Agreement and the consummation of the Transaction have been duly authorized by all necessary
action on the part of the Vendor.

(c) This
Agreement or any other agreements entered into pursuant to this Agreement to which the Vendor
is a party constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Vendor enforceable against
it in accordance with their respective terms, except as enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy,
insolvency and other laws affecting the rights of creditors generally and except that equitable
remedies may be granted only in the discretion of a court of competent jurisdiction.

(5) No
Violation. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Vendor, the consummation of the Transaction and the fulfilment by
the Vendor of the terms, conditions and provisions hereof will not (with or without the giving of notice or lapse of time, or both):

(a) contravene
or violate or result in a material breach or a material default under or give rise to a right
of termination, amendment or cancellation or the acceleration of any obligations of the Vendor
under:

(i) any
applicable Law;

(ii) any
judgment, order, writ, injunction or decree of any Regulatory Authority having jurisdiction
over the Vendor;

(iii) any
Consent held by the Vendor or necessary to the ownership of the Purchased Assets; or

(iv) the
provisions of any Contract to which the Vendor is a party or by which it is, or any of its
properties or assets are, bound; or

(b) result
in the creation or imposition of any Encumbrance on any of the Purchased Assets.

(6) Regulatory
and Contractual Consents. There is no requirement to make any filing with, give any notice to or obtain any Consent from any Regulatory
Authority as a condition to the lawful consummation of the Transaction. There is no requirement under any Contract to which the Vendor
is a party or by which the Vendor is bound to make any filing with, give any notice to, or to obtain the Consent of, any party to such
Contract relating to the Transaction.

(7) Compliance
with Laws. The Vendor has complied, in all material respects, with all Laws applicable to the Purchased Assets.

(8) Purchased
Assets. Schedule A is a complete and accurate list of all Intellectual Property underlying the Purchased Assets;

(9) Title
to Purchased Assets. The Vendor has good and marketable title to the Purchased Assets. The Purchased Assets are free and clear of
all Encumbrances and restrictions of transfer. There are no actions, suits, claims or proceedings threatened, pending or in progress
on the part of any named inventor of the Patents and Intellectual Property relating in any way to the Purchased Assets and the Vendor
has not received notice of (and Vendor is not aware of any facts or circumstances which could reasonably be expected to give rise to)
any other actions, suits, investigations, claims or proceedings threatened, pending or in progress relating in any way to the Patents
and Intellectual Property. The Purchased Assets do not infringe upon any third partys Intellectual Property rights. The Purchased
Assets were not developed with the use of confidential information or trade secrets of a third party, or in other respects in violation
of law, and there is no action, order or proceeding alleging any of the foregoing.

(10) Beneficial
Ownership. As of the date hereof and as of immediately prior to the Closing, the Vendor does not own of record or beneficially (within
the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the U.S. Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, 12 amended), any securities of the Purchaser
or any derivative securities that entitle the Vendor to acquire any securities of the Purchaser.

(11) Brokers.
The Vendor has not engaged any broker or other agent in connection with the Transaction and, accordingly, there is no commission, fee
or other remuneration payable to any broker or agent who purports or may purport to have acted for the Vendor.

(12) Full
Disclosure. No representation or warranty by the Vendor in this Agreement and no statement contained in any certificate or other
document furnished or to be furnished to the Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement contains any untrue statement of a material fact, or
omits to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained therein, in light of the circumstances in which they are made,
not misleading. There is no event or circumstance which the Vendor has not disclosed to the Purchaser which could reasonably be expected
to have a material adverse effect with respect to the Purchased Assets, the Transaction or the Purchasers ability to further develop
and commercialize the Purchased Assets.

3.2 Representations
and Warranties of the Purchaser

The
Purchaser hereby makes the following representations and warranties to the Vendor and acknowledges that the Vendor is relying on such
representations and warranties in entering into this Agreement and completing the Transaction:

(1) Incorporation
and Existence. The Purchaser has been duly incorporated and organized and is a valid and subsisting company under the laws of the
state of Nevada and is duly qualified to carry on business in the state of Nevada and in each other jurisdiction, if any, wherein the
carrying out of the activities contemplated makes such qualifications necessary.

(2) Capitalization.
As at the date of this Agreement, the Purchaser has 120,937,442 Common Shares and no convertible securities issued and outstanding.

(3) Reporting
Issuer. The Purchaser has a class of securities registered under the United States Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
and its public filings with the SEC and available on the EDGAR website at www.sec.gov are true, complete and correct in all material
respects. The Purchaser is not in material default under the applicable Securities Laws. No orders suspending the sale or ceasing the
trading of any securities issued by the Purchaser have been issued by any Regulatory Authority, and no proceedings for such purpose are
pending or, to the knowledge of the Purchaser, threatened.

(4) Validity
of Agreement.

(a) The
Purchaser has all necessary corporate power to own the Purchased Assets. The Purchaser has
all necessary corporate power to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement
and any other agreements or instruments to be delivered or given by it pursuant to this Agreement.

(b) The
execution, delivery and performance by the Purchaser of this Agreement and the consummation
of the Transaction have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part
of the Purchaser.

(c) This
Agreement or any other agreements entered into pursuant to this Agreement to which the Purchaser
is a party constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Purchaser, enforceable
against the Purchaser in accordance with their respective terms, except as enforcement may
be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency and other laws affecting the rights of creditors generally
and except that equitable remedies may be granted only in the discretion of a court of competent
jurisdiction.

(5) No
Violation. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Purchaser, the consummation of the Transaction and the fulfilment
by the Purchaser of the terms, conditions and provisions hereof will not (with or without the giving of notice or lapse of time, or both):

(a) contravene
or violate or result in a breach or a default under or give rise to a right of termination,
amendment or cancellation or the acceleration of any obligations of the Purchaser, under:

(i) any
applicable Law;

(ii) any
judgment, order, writ, injunction or decree of any Regulatory Authority having jurisdiction
over the Purchaser;

(iii) the
Articles, Notice of Articles or any resolutions of the board of directors or shareholders
of the Purchaser;

(iv) any
Consent held by the Purchaser; or

(v) the
provisions of any Contract to which the Purchaser is a party or by which it is, or any of
its properties or assets are, bound.

(6) Brokers.
The Purchaser has not engaged any broker or other agent in connection with the Transaction and, accordingly, there is no commission,
fee or other remuneration payable to any broker or agent who purports or may purport to have acted for the Purchaser.

(7) Consents.
There is no requirement for the Purchaser to make any filing with, give any notice to or obtain any Consent from any Regulatory Authority
as a condition to the lawful consummation of the Transaction.

(8) Consideration
Shares. The Consideration Shares to be issued hereunder will, upon issue and delivery, be validly issued as fully-paid and non-assessable
shares in the capital of the Purchaser, free of all restrictions on trading other than those required by applicable securities law.

(9) Material
Change/Material Fact. There is no material fact or material change (as those terms are defined in applicable
securities legislation) in the affairs of the Corporation that has not been generally disclosed to the public.

3.3 Survival
of Covenants, Representations and Warranties of the Vendor

To
the extent that they have not been fully performed at or prior to the Closing Time, and unless otherwise provided, the covenants, representations
and warranties of the Vendor contained in this Agreement and any agreement, instrument, certificate or other document executed or delivered
pursuant to this Agreement shall survive the Closing and shall continue for the benefit of the Purchaser for a period of 2 years notwithstanding
such Closing, nor any investigation made by or on behalf of the Purchaser or any knowledge of the Purchaser, except that the representations
and warranties set out in Section 3.1(1) to and including 3.1(4), Section 3.1(9), Section 3.1(10) and the corresponding representations and warranties
set out in the certificates to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.1, shall survive the Closing and continue in full force and effect without
limitation of time.

3.4 Survival
of Covenants, Representations and Warranties of the Purchaser

To
the extent that they have not been fully performed at or prior to the Closing Time, and unless otherwise provided, the covenants, representations
and warranties of the Purchaser contained in this Agreement and in any agreement, instrument, certificate or other document delivered
pursuant to this Agreement shall survive the Closing and shall continue for the benefit of the Vendor for a period of 2 years notwithstanding
such Closing, nor any investigation made by or on behalf of the Vendor or any knowledge of the Vendor, except that the representations
and warranties set out in Sections 3.2(1) and 3.2(4), and the corresponding representations and warranties set out in the certificates to be delivered
pursuant to Section 6.2, shall survive the Closing and shall continue in full force and effect without limitation of time.

ARTICLE 4
COVENANT

4.1 Maintenance
of Corporate Status

Prior
to Closing and for a period of a least 36 months after the Closing Date, the Purchaser shall use its commercially reasonable efforts
to remain a corporation validly subsisting under the laws of its jurisdiction of existence, licensed, registered or qualified as an extra-provincial
or foreign corporation in all jurisdictions where the character of its properties owned or leased or the nature of the activities conducted
by it make such licensing, registration or qualification necessary and shall carry on its business in the ordinary course and in compliance
in all material respects with all applicable laws, rules and regulations of each such jurisdiction.

4.2 Piggyback
Registration

For
a period of 12 months after the Closing Date, whenever the Purchaser proposes to register any Common Shares under the Securities Act
(other than a registration effected solely to implement an employee benefit plan or a transaction to which Rule 145 of the Securities
Act is applicable, or a registration statement on Form S-4, S-8 or any successor form thereto or another form not available for registering
the registrable securities for sale to the public), whether for its own account or for the account of one or more stockholders of the
Company, the Vendor and any of the Vendors designees receiving Consideration Shares will have the right to require, by written
notice to the Purchaser, that the Purchaser include for registration on such registration statement their Consideration Shares.

ARTICLE 5
Conditions

5.1 Mutual
Conditions Precedent

The
respective obligations of the parties hereto to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby are subject to the satisfaction, on or
prior to the Closing Time, of the following conditions any of which may be waived by the mutual consent of such parties without prejudice
to their rights to rely on any other or others of such conditions:

(a) The
Purchaser and the Vendor shall have entered into any assignments as may be required for the
transfer of any IP Assets.

(b) Concurrently
with the Closing Date the Purchaser shall have entered into the following agreements (collectively
the Ancillary Agreements):

(i) license
agreement with Predictive Technologies, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company (Predictive),
pursuant to which Predictive will grant the Purchaser an exclusive worldwide license to use
certain artificial intelligence (AI) technology owned by Predictive in consideration for
the payment of an aggregate of $440,000, payable in minimum monthly installments of $5,000
per month; and

(ii) software
development agreement with Arcterix SARL, (Arcterix), pursuant to which
Arcterix will carry out certain software development activities on the Purchasers
behalf for a period of not more than twelve months.

5.2 Conditions
to the Obligations of the Purchaser

Notwithstanding
anything herein contained, the obligation of the Purchaser to complete the transactions provided for herein will be subject to the fulfillment
of the following conditions at or prior to the Closing Time:

(a) The
representations and warranties of the Vendor contained in this Agreement shall be true and
accurate on the date hereof and at the Closing Time with the same force and effect as though
such representations and warranties had been made as of the Closing Time (regardless of the
date as of which the information in this Agreement or in any Schedule or other document made
pursuant hereto is given).

(b) The
Vendor shall have complied with all covenants and agreements herein agreed to be performed
or caused to be performed by them at or prior to the Closing Time.

(c) The
Vendor shall have delivered to the Purchaser a certificate in a form satisfactory to the
Purchaser confirming that the facts with respect to each of the representations and warranties
of the Vendor are as set out herein and remain true at the Closing Time and that the Vendor
has performed each of the covenants required to be performed by it hereunder.

(d) No
order, decision or ruling of any court, tribunal or regulatory authority having jurisdiction
will have been made, and no action or proceeding will be pending or threatened which, in
the opinion of counsel to the Purchaser, is likely to result in an order, decision or ruling:

(i) to
disallow, enjoin, prohibit or impose any limitations or conditions on the Transaction or
the transactions contemplated hereby; or

(ii) to
impose any limitations or conditions which may have an adverse effect on the Purchased Assets.

(e) All
consents, approvals authorizations of any governmental or regulator authority or person whose
consent to the Transaction is required to be obtained in order to carry out the transactions
contemplated hereby in compliance with all laws and agreements binding upon the parties hereto
will have been obtained.

(f) On
or prior to the Closing Date, the Purchaser shall have settled certain related party debts
in amounts mutually agreed to by the Vendor and the Purchaser at a deemed price per share
mutually agreed to by the Vendor and the Purchaser (the Debt Settlement).

The
conditions contained in this Section 5.2 are inserted for the exclusive benefit of the Purchaser and may be waived in whole or in part
by the Purchaser at any time. The Vendor acknowledges that the waiver by the Purchaser of any condition or any part of any condition
will constitute a waiver only of such condition or such part of such condition, as the case may be, and will not constitute a waiver
of any covenant, agreement, representation or warranty made by the Vendor herein that corresponds or is related to such condition or
such part of such condition, as the case may be. If any of the conditions contained in this Section 5.2 are not fulfilled or complied
with in all material respects as herein provided, the Purchaser may, at or prior to the Closing Time at its option, rescind this Agreement
by notice in writing to the Vendor and in such event the Purchaser will be released from all obligations hereunder and, unless the condition
or conditions which have not been fulfilled are reasonably capable of being fulfilled or caused to be fulfilled by the Vendor, then the
Vendor will also be released from all obligations hereunder.

5.3 Conditions
to the Obligations of the Vendor

Notwithstanding
anything herein contained, the obligations of the Vendor to complete the transactions provided for herein will be subject to the fulfillment
of the following conditions at or prior to the Closing Time:

(a) The
representations and warranties of the Purchaser contained in this Agreement or in any documents
delivered in order to carry out the transactions contemplated hereby will be true and accurate
on the date hereof and at the Closing Time with the same force and effect as though such
representations and warranties had been made as of the Closing Time (regardless of the date
as of which the information in this Agreement or any such Schedule or other document made
pursuant hereto is given).

(b) The
Purchaser shall have complied with all covenants and agreements herein agreed to be performed
or caused to be performed by it at or prior to the Closing Time.

(c) The
Purchaser shall have delivered to the Vendor a certificate confirming that the facts with
respect to each of the representations and warranties of the Purchaser are as set out herein
at the Closing Time and that the Purchaser has performed each of the covenants required to
be performed by it hereunder.

(d) There
shall have been no material adverse change in the business of the Purchaser.

(e) No
order, decision or ruling of any court, tribunal or regulatory authority having jurisdiction
will have been made, and no action or proceeding will be pending or threatened which, in
the opinion of counsel to the Vendor, is likely to result in an order, decision or ruling:

(i) to
disallow, enjoin, prohibit or impose any limitations or conditions on the Transaction or the transactions contemplated hereby; or

(ii) to
impose any limitations or conditions which may have an adverse effect on the business of the Purchaser.

(f) All
consents, approvals and authorizations of any governmental or regulatory authority or person
whose consent to the Transaction is required to be obtained in order to carry out the transactions
contemplated hereby in compliance with all laws and agreements binding upon the parties hereto
will have been obtained.

(g) The
Purchaser shall issue and deliver to the Vendor or its designees the Consideration Shares.

(h) On
or prior to the Closing Date, the Debt Settlement shall have closed.

The
conditions contained in this Section 5.3 hereof are inserted for the exclusive benefit of the Vendor and may be waived in whole or in
part by the Vendor at any time. The Purchaser acknowledges that the waiver by the Vendor of any condition or any part of any condition
will constitute a waiver only of such condition or such part of such condition, as the case may be, and will not constitute a waiver
of any covenant, agreement, representation or warranty made by the Vendor herein that corresponds or is related to such condition or
such part of such condition, as the case may be. If any of the conditions contained in this Section 5.3 hereof are not fulfilled or complied
with as herein provided, the Vendor may, at or prior to the Closing Time at its option, rescind this Agreement by notice in writing to
the Purchaser and in such event the Vendor will be released from all obligations hereunder and, unless the condition or conditions which
have not been fulfilled are reasonably capable of being fulfilled or caused to be fulfilled by the Purchaser, then the Purchaser will
also be released from all obligations hereunder.

ARTICLE 6CLOSING

6.1 Vendor
Deliveries

At
the Closing Time, the Vendor shall deliver to the Purchaser the following in form and substance satisfactory to the Purchaser:

(a) the
certificate of the Vendor contemplated in Section 5.2;

(b) all
documentation and other evidence reasonably requested by the Purchaser in order to establish
the due authorization and consummation of the Transaction required to effectively carry out
the obligations of the Vendor pursuant to this Agreement;

(c) lock-up
and leak-out agreements, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (Leak-Out
Agreements), duly executed by the Vendor and each person designated by the Vendor
to receive Consideration Shares;

(d) any
other documentation necessary or reasonably required to transfer the Purchased Assets to
the Purchaser with a good and marketable title, free and clear of all Encumbrances whatsoever.

6.2 Purchaser
Deliveries

At
the Closing Time, the Purchaser shall deliver to the Vendor the following in form and substance satisfactory to the Vendor:

(a) the
certificate of the Purchaser contemplated in Section 5.3;

(b) certificates
or DRS statements representing the Consideration Shares;

(c) duly
executed copies of the Ancillary Agreements;

(d) duly
executed copies of the Leak-Out Agreements;

(e) a
certified copy of the resolution of the directors of the Purchaser authorizing the execution
and delivery of this Agreement, the Debt Settlement and the Ancillary Agreements and the
performance by the Purchaser of the terms of the Agreement including without limitation the
allotment and issuance of the Consideration Shares and appointing the persons set out in
Section 4.6 hereof; and

(f) all
documentation and other evidence reasonably requested by the Vendor in order to establish
the due authorization and consummation of the Transaction, including the taking of all corporate
proceedings by the boards of directors and shareholders of the Purchaser required to effectively
carry out the obligations of the Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement.

6.3 Place
of Closing

The
Closing shall take place at the Closing Time at the offices of counsel to the Purchaser or at such other place as the Purchaser and the
Vendor may agree upon in writing.

ARTICLE 7
INDEMNIFICATION

7.1 Purchaser
Indemnity

The
Purchaser will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the Vendor from, against, for, and in respect of any and all Losses asserted against,
relating to, imposed upon, or incurred by the Vendor by reason of, resulting from, based upon or arising out of (i) any misrepresentation,
misstatement or breach of warranty of the Purchaser contained in or made pursuant to this Agreement or any certificate or other instrument
delivered pursuant to this Agreement; or (ii) the breach or partial breach by the Purchaser of any covenant or agreement of the Purchaser
made in or pursuant to this Agreement or any certificate or other instrument delivered pursuant to this Agreement.

7.2 Vendor
Indemnity

The
Vendor will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the Purchaser from, against, for, and in respect of any and all Losses asserted against,
relating to, imposed upon, or incurred by the Purchaser by reason of, resulting from, based upon or arising out of (i) any misrepresentation,
misstatement or breach of warranty of Vendor contained in or made pursuant to this Agreement or any certificate or other instrument delivered
pursuant to this Agreement; or (ii) the breach or partial breach by the Vendor of any covenant or agreement of the Vendor made in or
pursuant to this Agreement or any certificate or other instrument delivered pursuant to this Agreement.

ARTICLE 8-
ARBITRATION

8.1 Reasonable
Commercial Efforts to Settle Disputes

If
any controversy, dispute, claim, question or difference (a Dispute) arises with respect to this Agreement or its performance,
enforcement, breach, termination or validity, the Parties to the Dispute will use all commercially reasonable efforts to settle the Dispute.
To this end, they will consult and negotiate with each other in good faith and understanding of their mutual interests to reach a just
and equitable solution satisfactory to all such Parties.

8.2 Arbitration

Except
as is expressly provided in this Agreement, if the Parties do not reach a solution pursuant to Section 8.1 within a period of 30 Business
Days following the first notice of the Dispute by any Party to the other party(ies) to the Dispute, then upon written notice by any Party
to the other party(ies) to the Dispute, the Dispute will be submitted to non-binding arbitration in accordance with the provisions of
the American Arbitration Association (AAA) in accordance with the AAAs Commercial Expedited Procedures.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, any dispute arising from or related to this Agreement, including questions about the scope of
arbitrability, shall be subject to mandatory arbitration before a single arbitrator. Any such arbitration, including the appointment
of the arbitrator, shall be conducted by the AAA in accordance with the AAAs Commercial Expedited Procedures. Any such arbitration
shall take place remotely or, if required to take place in person, in the State of Texas.

ARTICLE 9
TERMINATION; GENERAL

9.1 Termination

(a) This
Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the by the mutual written consent of the Purchaser and the Vendor.

(b) This
Agreement may be terminated by either the Purchaser or the Vendor at any time prior to the Closing: (1) if the Transaction has not been
consummated on or before February 28, 2024 (the End Date); provided, however, that the right to terminate this
Agreement pursuant to this Section 9.1(b) shall not be available to any party whose breach of any representation, warranty, covenant,
or agreement set forth in this Agreement has been the principal cause of, or primarily resulted in, the failure of the Transaction to
be consummated on or before the End Date; or (2) if any governmental entity of competent jurisdiction shall have enacted, issued, promulgated,
enforced, or entered any Law making illegal, permanently enjoining, or otherwise permanently prohibiting the consummation of the Transaction,
and such Law shall have become final and nonappealable.

(c) This
Agreement may be terminated by the Purchaser at any time prior to the Closing if there shall have been a breach of any representation,
warranty, covenant, or agreement on the part of the Vendor set forth in this Agreement such that the conditions to the Closing of the
Transaction set forth in this Agreement would not be satisfied and, such breach is incapable of being cured by the End Date; or, if capable
of being cured by the End Date, shall not have been cured prior to the earlier of (1) 5 days after written notice thereof is given by
the Purchaser to the Vendor or (2) the End Date. 

(d) This Agreement may be terminated by the Vendor at any time prior to the Closing if there shall have been a breach of any representation,
warranty, covenant, or agreement on the part of the Purchaser set forth in this Agreement such that the conditions to the Closing of
the Transaction set forth in this Agreement would not be satisfied and, such breach is incapable of being cured by the End Date; or,
if capable of being cured by the End Date, shall not have been cured prior to the earlier of (1) 5 days after written notice thereof
is given by the Vendor to the Purchaser or (2) the End Date.

9.2 Confidentiality

The
Purchaser covenants and agrees that, except as otherwise authorized by the Vendor and until the Closing, neither the Purchaser nor its
representatives, agents or employees will disclose to third parties, directly or indirectly, any confidential information or confidential
data relating to the Vendor or the Business discovered or received by the Purchaser or its representatives, agents or employees as a
result of the Vendor making available to the Purchaser and its representatives, agents or employees the information requested by them
in connection with the Transaction.

9.3 Collection
of Personal Information

The
Vendor acknowledges and consents to the fact that the Purchaser may be required to collect its personal information which may be disclosed
by the Purchaser to:

(a) Securities
regulatory authorities;

(b) the
Purchasers registrar and transfer agent; and 

(c) tax
authorities.

By
executing this Agreement, the Vendor is deemed to be consenting to the foregoing collection, use and disclosure of such personal information
and to the retention of such personal information for as long as permitted or required by law or business practice. The Vendor hereby
consents to the foregoing collection, use and disclosure of such personal information for such purposes only. The Vendor also consents
to the filing of copies or originals of any of the documents described herein as may be required to be filed with any securities regulatory
authority in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby. An officer of the Purchaser is available to answer questions about
the collection of personal information by the Purchaser.

9.4 Notices

(1) Any
notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be delivered in person, transmitted
by facsimile or similar means of recorded electronic communication or sent by registered mail, charges prepaid, addressed as follows:

(a) if
to the Purchaser:

LODE-STAR
MINING INC.

13529 Skinner Rd,

Suite N.

Cypress, TX 77429

markw@lode-starmining.com

(b) if
to the Vendor:

Tarka
LHerpiniere

1 Rue des Maries, Montaignac, 19300, France

tarka@arcterix.ai

Any
such notice or other communication shall be deemed to have been given and received on the day on which it was delivered or transmitted
(or, if such day is not a Business Day, on the next following Business Day) or, if mailed, on the third Business Day following the date
of mailing; provided, however, that if at the time of mailing or within three Business Days thereafter there is or occurs a labour dispute
or other event that might reasonably be expected to disrupt the delivery of documents by mail, any notice or other communication hereunder
shall be delivered or transmitted by means of recorded electronic communication as described.

(2) Any
Party may at any time change its address for service from time to time by giving notice to the other Parties in accordance with this
Section 9.4.

9.5 Public
Announcements and Disclosure

The
Parties shall consult with each other before issuing any press release or making any other public announcement with respect to this Agreement
or the Transaction and, except as required by any applicable Law or stock exchange having jurisdiction, no Party shall issue any such
press release or make any such public announcement without the prior written consent of the others, which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld or delayed. Prior to any such press release or public announcement, none of the Parties shall disclose this Agreement or any
aspect of the Transaction except to its board of directors, its senior management, its legal, accounting, financial or other professional
advisors, any financial institution contacted by it with respect to any financing required in connection with the Transaction and counsel
to such institution, or as may be required by any applicable Law or stock exchange having jurisdiction.

9.6 Assignment

The
rights of the Purchaser hereunder are not assignable without the written consent of the Vendor. The rights of the Vendor hereunder are
not assignable without the written consent of the Purchaser, provided that the Purchaser may assign its rights and obligations hereunder
to a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Purchaser.

9.7 Commercially
Reasonable Efforts

The
Parties acknowledge and agree that, for all purposes of this Agreement, an obligation on the part of any Party to use its commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain any waiver, Consent or other document shall not require such Party to make any payment to any person
for the purpose of procuring the same, other than payments for amounts due and payable to such person, payments for incidental expenses
incurred by such person and payments required by any applicable law or regulation.

9.8 Expenses

Unless
otherwise provided, each of the Vendor and the Purchaser shall be responsible for the expenses (including fees and expenses of legal
advisers, accountants and other professional advisers) incurred by them, respectively, in connection with the negotiation and settlement
of this Agreement and the completion of the Transaction, with the exception that the Purchaser shall reimburse the Vendor for his costs
incurred in relation to the Transaction in the amount of US$7500.00. In the event of termination of this Agreement, the obligation of
each Party to pay its own expenses will be subject to any rights of such Party arising from a breach of this Agreement by another Party.

9.9 Further
Assurances

Each
of the Parties shall promptly do, make, execute, deliver, or cause to be done, made, executed or delivered, all such further acts, documents
and things as the other Parties may reasonably require from time to time after Closing at the expense of the requesting Party for the
purpose of giving effect to this Agreement and shall use reasonable efforts and take all such steps as may be reasonably within its power
to implement to their full extent the provisions of this Agreement.

9.10 Entire
Agreement

This
Agreement, including all Schedules, constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject matter and supersedes
all prior agreements, understandings, negotiations and discussions, whether written or oral including without limitation, the Letter
of Intent. There are no conditions, covenants, agreements, representations, warranties or other provisions, express or implied, collateral,
statutory or otherwise, relating to the subject matter except provided in this Agreement.

9.11 Waiver,
Amendment

Except
as expressly provided in this Agreement, no amendment or waiver of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by the
Party to be bound. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall constitute a waiver of any other provision, nor shall any waiver
of any provision of this Agreement constitute a continuing waiver unless otherwise expressly provided.

9.12 Rights
Cumulative

The
rights and remedies of the Parties are cumulative and not alternative.

9.13 Counterparts

This
Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, and/or by facsimile or e-mail transmission of Adobe Acrobat files, each of which
shall constitute an original and all of which, taken together, shall constitute one and the same instrument. Any Party executing this
Agreement by fax or Adobe Acrobat file shall, immediately following a request by any other Party, provide an originally executed counterpart
of this Agreement provided, however, that any failure to so provide shall not constitute a breach of this Agreement.

[signature
page to follow]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF this Agreement has been executed as of the 12 day of February, 2025.

LODE-STAR
MINING INC. 

By: /s/
Mark Walmesley 

Name: Mark
Walmesley 

Title: Chief
Executive Officer 

THE
VENDOR: 

/s/ Tarka LHerpiniere 

TARKA
LHERPINIERE

Country
and State of Residence: France 

Schedule A

PURCHASED
ASSETS

Asset:

1. All
improvements, modifications, creations and enhancements created by Vendor using Predictive Technologies AI models (the PNE-SIA
System) as memorialized in the Agreement for Development and Commercialization of Derivative Products between Vendor
and Predictive Technologies, LLC executed on January 28, 2025 with an effective date of September 1, 2024 including, but not limited
to, Alpha demos of the PNE-SIA System. All intellectual property related thereto, including websites and web domains.

2. All
works described in Section 4 of the License Agreement between Predictive Technologies, LLC and Purchaser executed on or about the Closing
Date.

3. PNE-SIA
Implementation, Optimization, and Development Know-How

Type
of Asset:

1. Software
including, but not limited to, instructions, data, computer programs, object code and source code, related to the Asset as set forth
above.

2. Proprietary
technical know-how, skills and expert knowledge for the operation, maintenance, optimization, and further development of the
PNE-SIA System.

3. Know-how
that is the proprietary to Vendor, derived from his experience developing, training, testing, implementing, and optimizing the PNE-SIA
System. This includes:

&cir; Data
Curation and Management Techniques: Specific methods developed by Vendor for collecting,
cleaning, and preparing news, social media, and expert data for optimal input into the PNE-SIA.

&cir; Model
Training and Tuning Methodologies: Detailed methodologies developed and applied
by Vendor for training the LLM and other predictive models within the PNE-SIA, including
optimal hyperparameter selection, evaluation, and validation techniques, custom loss functions,
custom optimizers, and best practices for data sampling.

&cir; System
Optimization Strategies: Best practices developed by Vendor for configuring, operating,
and scaling the system for optimal performance. This also includes details on how to optimize
model performance through data augmentation, and specialized data filtering and data preprocessing
techniques.

&cir; Troubleshooting
and Maintenance Procedures: Detailed procedures developed by Vendor to diagnose
and fix any issues with the PNE-SIA, and knowledge of common failure points.

&cir; Advanced
System Customization: Procedures and approaches developed by Vendor for enhancing
or customizing the system for specific use cases or for increasing the accuracy of predictions.
Specific techniques for using data to tune model parameters to a specific stock.

&cir; Interpretation
of Predictive Outputs: Vendors detailed understanding on interpreting the
results and reports generated by the PNE-SIA system and how to use them for the highest accuracy.

&cir; Expert
Knowledge Integration: Methods developed by Vendor to effectively utilize expert
inputs to inform system outputs, by curating and structuring expert knowledge for system-readable
format.

Delivery
methods: The know-how will be delivered through a combination of:

&cir; Written
documentation detailing methodologies and procedures developed by Vendor.

&cir; Any
relevant proprietary scripts, code, or tools developed by Vendor that are not licensed by
Predictive Technologies LLC.

&cir; On-site
or remote training and knowledge transfer sessions led by Vendor.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.02
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>lsmg-ex10_02.htm
<DESCRIPTION>LICENSE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.02

LICENSE
AGREEMENT

This
License Agreement (this Agreement) is made effective as of February 14, 2025, by and between Predictive Technologies,
LLC, a Colorado limited liability company, having a principal place of business at 9800 Pyramid Court, Suite 400, Englewood, Colorado
80112 (Licensor), and Lode-Star Mining Inc., a Nevada corporation, having a principal place of business at 13529 Skinner
Rd. Suite N. Cypress, Texas 77429 (Licensee). On the date hereof, Licensee shall change its name to FinTrade
Sherpa, Inc.

RECITALS

WHEREAS,
Licensor owns the entire right, title and interest in the Predictive News Event Mapping & Stock Impact Analysis System (PNE-SIA)
including the application, underlying source code and object code, and related product as set forth in Appendix A (the Licensed
Technology); and

WHEREAS,
Licensor has entered into an Agreement for Development and Commercialization of Derivative Products (the Development
Agreement) with Tarka LHerpiniere, an individual residing at 198 Route de la Roumnaz, 74400 Chamonix-Mont-Blanc, France
(Developer), a former member and Chief Technology Officer of Licensor, the Development Agreement having been executed on
January 28, 2025 and having an effective date of September 1, 2024; and

WHEREAS,
the Development Agreement authorizes Developer to use the Licensed Technology to create derivative works of the Licensed Technology such
as modifications, improvements and additions (the Derivative Works); and

WHEREAS,
Licensee desires to license the Licensed Technology to utilize the Licensed Technology and the Derivative Works;

NOW
THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows:

1.
Grant of License

Licensor hereby grants Licensee an exclusive worldwide license (the License) to the Licensed Technology.

2.
Fees

2.1.
License Fee

Licensee
agrees to pay Licensor a total fee of $440,000 for the Licensed Technology (the License Fee), payable in monthly installments
of $5,000 due on the 1st business day of each month.

Upon
payment in full of the License Fee, the License shall automatically convert into a perpetual, fully paid-up and irrevocable worldwide
license to the Licensed Technology, and Licensor shall unconditionally provide Licensee with a complete and current copy of the Licensed
Technology without requiring any additional payments or encumbrances.

2.2
Late Payment

2.2.1
Late Payment Fee

If
any monthly installment payment of the License Fee is not received by Licensor by the 5th day of the month in which it is due, Licensee
agrees to pay a late fee of 2.5% of the overdue amount (the Late Fee). The Late Fee will be applied automatically to any
payment that is not received by the due date and will be added to the outstanding balance. The Late Fee will accrue each month on any
overdue amounts until the balance is paid in full.

2.2.2
Licensee Rights

In
the event that Licensee fails to make any payments when due, Licensee shall have an additional 30-day cure period commencing on the date
such payment was due to make such payments. In the event such payment is not made prior to the expiration of such cure period, Licensee
will lose the right to use the Licensed Technology , and this loss of rights shall continue until such time as any overdue amounts (including
any accrued Late Fees) have been paid in full.

2.3
Early Payment Option

Licensee
may, at its discretion, pay all or a portion of the total amount of the License Fee (and any accrued and unpaid Late Fees) at any time
prior to the final installment due date. Upon early payment of the License Fee in full, the License shall automatically convert into
a perpetual, fully paid-up and irrevocable worldwide license to the Licensed Technology as set forth in Section 2.1. In the event Licensee
makes a payment that exceeds the amount of the monthly installment payment, Licensor agrees to credit the excess payment toward future
monthly installment payments

3.
Term

This Agreement shall commence on the date first written above and shall continue until terminated in accordance with the terms hereof.

4.
Ownership

Licensee acknowledges that Licensor retains all rights, title, and interest in the Licensed Technology unless explicitly stated otherwise
in this Agreement.

Licensee
shall own the entire right, title and interest in any modifications, improvements, or creations developed by Developer or Licensee using
the Licensed Technology and in the Derivative Works, developed prior to, as well as subsequent to, the execution of this Agreement. Ownership
of such modifications, improvements, or creations developed by Developer or Licensee using the Licensed Technology, and in the Derivative
Works, shall vest with Licensee immediately upon their creation. Licensor acknowledges that it has no rights in any of the modifications,
improvements, or creations of the Licensed Technology, or in the Derivative Works developed by Developer or Licensee.

5.
Use of Licensed Technology

Licensee shall use the Licensed Technology in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.

Licensor
guarantees to Licensee that the Licensed Technology shall be available to Licensee at all times and that the Licensed Technology will
deliver all of the AI technologies as described in Appendix A.

In
the event that Licensor directly or indirectly sells or transfers its ownership rights in the Licensed Technology to a third party, Licensor
agrees to transfer Licensors obligations under this Agreement to the third party, and provide Licensee with a current and unencumbered
version of the Licensed Technology at no further cost to the Licensee other than the monthly License Fee installments due as of the date
of Licensors transfer of ownership rights in the Licensed Technology.

6.
Restrictions

Below is a list of restrictions on the use, modification, or distribution of the Licensed Technology by Licensee. Under the terms
of this Agreement, Licensee shall not:

a. Merge,
de-compile, or reverse-engineer the License Technology except as provided in Section 4;

b. Disclose
any source codes related to the Licensed Technology to any third parties; or

c. Distribute
or share the Licensed Technology with any third parties except that Licensee is free to distribute
or share improvements, modifications, creations and derivative works of the Licensed Technology
developed by Licensee.

7.
Indemnification

7.1
Losses For the purposes of this Section 7 the terms Loss and Losses mean any and all demands,
claims, actions or causes of action, assessments, losses, damages, liabilities, costs, and expenses, including without limitation, interest,
penalties, fines and reasonable attorneys, accountants and other professional fees and expenses, but excluding any indirect, consequential
or punitive damages suffered by Licensor or Licensee including damages for lost profits or lost business opportunities.

7.2
Agreement of Licensee to Indemnify

Licensee
will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless, to the full extent of the law, during the term of this License Agreement, Licensor from, against,
for, and in respect of any and all Losses asserted against, relating to, imposed upon, or incurred by Licensor by reason of, resulting
from, based upon or arising out of:

a. the
breach by Licensee of any representation or warranty of Licensee contained in or made pursuant
to this Agreement, any document or any certificate or other instrument delivered by Licensee
pursuant to this Agreement; or

b. the
breach by Licensee of any covenant or agreement of Licensee made in or pursuant to this Agreement
or any document or any certificate or other instrument delivered by Licensor pursuant to
this Agreement.

7.3
Agreement of Licensor to Indemnify

Licensor
will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless, to the full extent of the law, during the term of this License Agreement, Licensee from, against,
for, and in respect of any and all Losses asserted against, relating to, imposed upon, or incurred by Licensee by reason of, resulting
from, based upon or arising out of:

a. the
breach by Licensor of any representation or warranty of Licensor contained in or made pursuant
to this Agreement, any document or any certificate or other instrument delivered by Licensor
pursuant to this Agreement; or

b. the
breach by Licensor of any covenant or agreement of Licensor made in or pursuant to this Agreement
or any document or any certificate or other instrument delivered by Licensor pursuant to
this Agreement.

8.
Termination

8.1
Right to Terminate

Either party may terminate this Agreement upon a breach of any of the material terms and conditions of this Agreement by the other
party by providing written notice to such breaching party, subject to Section 8.2. In addition, in the event that Licensor becomes insolvent,
files for bankruptcy or is otherwise unable to pay its debts as they come due, Licensee may immediately terminate this Agreement by written
notice to Licensor.

8.2
Cure Period for Breaches

If either party wishes to terminate this Agreement under Section 8.1, the party seeking termination must first provide the other
party with written notice of the alleged breach. The breaching party will then have 30 days from the date of receipt of the notice to
cure the breach, after which this Agreement may be terminated immediately if the breach remains unresolved.

8.3
Effect of Termination

8.3.1
Breach by Licensee

Upon
termination of this Agreement by Licensor for breach by Licensee:

a. Licensee
shall immediately cease using the Licensed Technology.

b. Any
rights granted to Licensee under this Agreement shall be revoked.

c. Licensee
must return or destroy any copies of the Licensed Technology in its possession, subject to
any applicable ownership provisions. Nothing in this Section shall affect Licensees
ownership of the modifications, improvements, or creations of the Licensed Technology, or
in the Derivative Works developed by Developer or Licensee.

8.3.2
Breach by Licensor

In
the event Licensee terminates this Agreement under Section 8.1 because Licensor becomes insolvent, files for bankruptcy or is otherwise
unable to pay its debts as they come due, Licensor shall immediately provide a complete and current version of the Licensed Technology
to Licensee free of any encumbrances and at no further cost to the Licensee other than the monthly License Fee installments due as of
the date of Licensors breach.

In
the event that Licensor fails to deliver the Licensed Technology to Licensee at any time during the term of this Agreement, Licensee
shall be entitled to damages for any financial losses incurred as a result.

8.3.3
Termination of Payment Obligations

Upon
receipt of the full payment of the License Fee, Licensees payment obligations shall terminate, and Licensor shall immediately
provide Licensee with a current and complete copy of the Licensed Technology at no further cost beyond the fully paid License Fee. The
termination of Licensees payment obligations shall have no bearing on the rest of this Agreement, which terms will continue to
apply to the perpetual, fully paid-up and irrevocable worldwide license to the Licensed Technology granted by Licensor to Licensee.

9.
Miscellaneous

9.1
Modification of Terms

Neither party may modify any of the terms of this Agreement without the express written consent of the other party. Any modifications
or amendments to this Agreement must be made in writing and executed by both parties.

9.2
Relationship of the Parties

This Agreement does not create any agency, partnership, or joint venture relationship between the parties. Neither party shall have
the authority to bind or obligate the other party in any way except as explicitly stated in this Agreement.

9.3
Entire Agreement

This Agreement, including all appendices, schedules and agreements referenced in the Recitals, constitutes the entire understanding
between the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement. All prior agreements not specifically referenced in this Agreement,
representations, warranties, and understandings, whether written or oral, are superseded by this Agreement. No other agreements, whether
verbal or written, shall be binding unless executed by both parties in writing.

9.4
Dispute Resolution

If a dispute arises out of or relates to this Agreement or its breach (the Matter), the parties
agree to resolve the Matter as follows:

a. a
party (the Initiating Party) shall submit written notice of the Matter to the
other parties and request negotiation;

b. the
parties shall attempt in good faith to resolve any Matter arising out of or relating to this
Agreement promptly by negotiation between representatives which the parties may appoint,
and

c. if
the Matter has not been resolved within 30 days of a partys request for negotiation,
either party may request that the Matter be submitted to a sole mediator selected by the
parties for mandatory mediation of not more than five days duration.

If
the Matter has not been resolved by such mediation, either party may submit the Matter for final and binding arbitration administered
by the American Arbitration Association (AAA) under its Commercial Arbitration Rules and Mediation Procedures.

Any
award of the AAA shall be final and binding on the parties and shall be enforceable in any court having jurisdiction over the party from
whom enforcement is requested.

9.5
Legal Validity

If any provision of this Agreement is found to be legally invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the remaining
provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. The parties intend for the invalid provision to be stricken, but
the rest of this Agreement shall continue to be binding.

9.6
Force Majeure

Neither party shall be held liable for any delay or failure in performance under this Agreement due to events beyond its reasonable
control, including but not limited to natural disasters or acts of government.

9.7
Confidentiality

Both parties agree to maintain the confidentiality of any proprietary or sensitive information shared during the course of this Agreement.
This confidentiality obligation shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement.

9.8
Governing Law and Jurisdiction

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Colorado, without regard to its conflicts
of laws principles. Both parties irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in the State of Colorado for any dispute
arising out of or related to this Agreement.

9.9
Assignment

Neither party may assign or transfer its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other
party, except that the Licensor may assign its rights to receive payments under this Agreement without the Licensees consent.
No permitted assignment of this Agreement by Licensee shall relieve Licensee of its obligations hereunder.

9.10
Survival

The
rights and obligations set forth in Sections 7, 9.4, 9.7, 9.8 and 9.11 shall survive the termination of the Agreement.

9.11
Representations and Warranties of Licensor

9.11.1
Licensor represents and warrants to Licensee as follows:

a. Licensor
is the sole and exclusive owner of the Licensed Technology. No other parties have any right
or interest in or to the Licensed Technology;

b. Licensors
rights to the Licensed Technology are free and clear of all liens, claims, security interests
and other encumbrances of any kind or nature;

c. Licensor
has not granted any licenses to use the Licensed Technology to any other parties;

d. Licensor
has the right and power to enter into this Agreement, and has made no prior transfer, sale
or assignment of any part of the Licensed Technology, or the intellectual property rights
pertaining to the Licensed Technology, other than the Development Agreement with Developer;

e. Licensor
expressly warrants that the Licensed Technology is capable of carrying out the tasks and
processes set forth in Appendix A;

f. As
of the date of this Agreement, Licensor is not aware of any parties infringing on the Licensed
Technology or the intellectual property rights pertaining to the Licensed Technology;

g. vii)
Licensor is not aware that the Licensed Technology infringes upon any third partys
intellectual property rights; and

h. The
Licensed Technology was not developed with the use of confidential information or trade secrets
of a third party, or in other respects in violation of law, and there is no action, order
or proceeding, to Licensors knowledge, alleging any of the foregoing.

9.11.2.
Each of the warranties and representations set forth above shall be true on and as of the date of this Agreement, as though such
warranty and representation were made as of such time. All warranties and representations shall survive termination of this Agreement.

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written.

Licensor:
Predictive Technologies, LLC

By: /s/ Mike Wing 

Name:
Mike Wing

Title:
CEO

Licensee:
Lode-Star Mining, Inc.

By: /s/ Mark Walmesley 

Name:
Mark Walmesley

Title:
CEO

Appendix
A

Licensed
Technology Description Predictive News Event Mapping & Stock Impact Analysis System (PNE-SIA) Technology Name: Predictive
News Event Mapping & Stock Impact Analysis System (PNE-SIA)

Primary
Function: The PNE-SIA is a proprietary software system designed to predict the occurrence
of news events likely to impact a specific stock price and to estimate the potential magnitude
and direction of that impact. It achieves this through:

Automated,
real-time collection and analysis of news data from global news outlets and social media
platforms.

Integration
and curation of expert knowledge (via the system) through a data entry system.

Application
of sophisticated Machine Learning (ML) models to predict the type, content, and timing of
relevant news events.

Mapping
of predicted events to historical news events and corresponding stock price movements for
predictive analysis.

Creation
of transparent financial intelligence reports with source references.

Core
Technologies:

Natural
Language Processing (NLP)

Machine
Learning (ML)

Large
Language Models (LLMs)

Time
Series Analysis

Statistical
Modeling

Data
Pipelines (ETL)

Database
Management

Technical
Components & Architecture:

Data
Acquisition & Preprocessing:

News
Data Sources: API access points for major news publishers, aggregators, and RSS feeds.

Social
Media Sources: API access points for various social media platforms, structured and unstructured
data processing.

Expert
Knowledge Module: Database within the system for storage of expert analysis, with support
for both structured and unstructured inputs.

Data
Storage: Relational databases, NoSQL databases, Vector databases, and data lakes, all
selected for performance and scalability.

Data
Preprocessing Pipeline: Data cleaning, normalization, entity recognition, sentiment analysis,
and feature engineering.

Predictive
Modelling:

Large
Language Model (LLM) Infrastructure:

Pre-trained
LLM model(s) based on the transformer architecture (LLaMA) customized for financial text
via additional training with specific datasets.

Weight
and biases of the trained LLMs the specific numerical parameters learned by the models
to convert text to numerical representations for predictive analysis.

Event
Prediction Module:

Time
Series Forecasting models.

Classification
models (Gradient Boosting).

Regression
models.

Historical
Mapping & Impact Analysis:

Vector
embedding mapping algorithm.

Historical
database.

Model
Training & Evaluation:

Includes
the training data and evaluation metrics used for the LLM and other predictive models.

Data
Formats:

Input
Data Formats: JSON, XML, plain text, HTML, RSS feeds, JSON, CSV.

Internal
Data Storage: Relational database schema definitions, SQL queries, JSON, data lake storage
structures.

Model
& Weights Formats: Binary, HDF5.

Delivery
Formats & Terms:

Source
Code: Delivery via git repository or a secured physical medium.

Model
Weights: Delivery via secure git LFS.

Documentation:
Electronic format (PDF, HTML).
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.03
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>lsmg-ex10_03.htm
<DESCRIPTION>ARCTERIX AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.03

Letter
of engagement between Lode-Star Mining, Inc. (You) whose registered address is: 13529 Skinner Road, Suite N, Cypress, Texas
77429 and Arcterix SARL (Arcterix, we or us) whose registered address is 60, rue Franois
1er, 75008 Paris, France On or about the date hereof, Lode-Star Mining, Inc. will change its name to FinTrade Sherpa, Inc.

1 Introduction

1.1 The
background to our engagement in this matter by You is as follows: You have engaged Arcterix to develop an advanced AI powered financial
research platform that will revolutionize how financial analysis and research reports are generated.

1.2 This
Letter of Engagement and the appended Terms of Business (together the Terms of Engagement) set out the basis on which Arcterix
will provide its services to You. Your continued communication with Arcterix will be taken to indicate your acceptance of these Terms
of Engagement, but for the sake of good order please sign it in the space provided for below and return a copy for our records.

2 Services

2.1 You
have engaged Arcterix to provide the following Services:

2.1.1 Delivery
of an advanced AI-powered financial research platform. The complete scope of work can be found in the signed proposal in Annex A.

2.1.2 Delivery
of websites for FinTrade Sherpa and Alpha Optimus (the initial product offering)

2.2 We
would be pleased to discuss the provision of additional services to You beyond the scope of work as laid out in the proposal in Annex
A. However, unless we expressly agree in writing to provide additional services, please be advised that the terms of Engagement only
relate to the Services set out above (and in Annex A).

2.3 Should
we provide services beyond the scope of those set out in paragraph 2.1 above, our prevailing Terms of Business, rates and policies shall
automatically apply in the absence of prior written agreement to the contrary.

3 Primary
Responsibility

3.1 Oliver
Willett (oliver@arcterix.ai) and Tarka LHerpinire (Tarka@arcterix.ai) are your points of contact for any
queries relating to this engagement and provision of the Services. We will endeavour to avoid changing the personnel responsible for
providing you with the Services but reserve the right to do so should the need arise.

3.2 We
will inform you whenever is necessary and provide you with the necessary contact details.

4 Fees
and Expenses

4.1 Our
fees for this engagement are outlined in the table below:

Payment Amount Due
Date

Full
payment $123,000.00 Within
5 days after the receipt by Lode-Star Mining, Inc. of proceeds from an equity financing of Lode-Star Mining, Inc. from which Lode-Star
Mining, Inc. receives aggregate gross proceeds of not less than $200,000.

4.2 The
fees and expenses referred to in this Letter of Engagement are exclusive of TVA, which will be payable at the prevailing rate if applicable.

4.3 Where
any withholding or deduction of tax is required by law, the amount of the payment due shall be increased to an amount which (after making
the relevant withholding or deduction) leaves an amount equal to the payment which would have been due if no such withholding or deduction
had been required.

4.4 Arcterix
reserves the right to increase its fees on a case-by-case basis with your prior written agreement.

5 Duration

5.1 The
engagement will commence on the date of this Letter of Engagement and will continue until completion of the delivery of the Services,
or our relationship is terminated in accordance with the Terms and Conditions attached.

6 Prevailing
Terms

6.1 In
the event of conflict between the Letter of Engagement and the Terms and Conditions, the Letter of Engagement shall apply.

If
you have any questions regarding this Letter of Engagement, please do not hesitate to contact me.

Yours
sincerely,

/s/
Oliver Willett 

Name:
Oliver Willett 

For
and on behalf of Arcterix SARL 

We
agree to the Terms of Engagement

/s/
Mark Walmesley 

Name:
Mark Walmesley 

For
and on behalf of Lode-Star Mining, Inc.

Annex
A to Arcterix SARLs Engagement with Lode-Star Mining, Inc.

Terms
and Conditions

Effective
Date: February
13, 2025 

These
Terms and Conditions (Agreement) govern the provision of services from Arcterix (Provider) to Lode-Star Mining,
Inc., a Nevada corporation (Client), as part of the development, deployment, and maintenance of an AI solution (Solution).
On or about the date hereof, Lode-Star Mining, Inc. will change its name to FinTrade Sherpa, Inc.

1.
General Overview

1.1 Service
Description: Provider agrees to develop and provide a comprehensive AI solution that will allow the Client to provide real-time analysis
across multiple asset classes and deliver actionable insights through automated, customizable research reports.

1.2 Integration:
The Solution may leverage open-source models and proprietary technologies.

2.
Confidentiality

2.1 Definition
of Confidential Information: Confidential Information shall include any business, technical, or product information disclosed by
either party, either directly or indirectly, in writing, orally, or by inspection of tangible objects.

2.2 Obligations:
Both parties agree to maintain the confidentiality of such information and to use it solely for purposes consistent with the engagement.
Disclosure of Confidential Information to third parties is prohibited without prior written consent, except as required by law.

3.
Intellectual Property Rights

3.1 Generated
Content and Custom Developments: The Client will own all rights, titles, and interests, including all intellectual property rights,
to the Solution and any output, evaluations, rankings, derivative works or other content (Generated Content) derived from
use of the Solution. Additionally, the Provider asserts that they will not claim any intellectual property rights in any technologies
or tools the Client may develop independently that interoperate with or augment the Solution.

3.2 Models:
The underlying models, including any standards applied, enhancements, and updates provided by Provider during the term of this Agreement,
remain the property of Provider and/or third-party proprietary and/or open source licensors. The Client acknowledges that this Agreement
does not confer any ownership rights in the underlying models.

4.
Maintenance and Support

4.1 Ongoing
Support: Provider shall provide maintenance and technical support services to ensure continued Solution operation, which shall include
regular updates, error corrections, and feature enhancements.

5.
Term and Termination

5.1 Term:
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and remain in effect until terminated by either party as specified here.

5.2 Term
and Termination: a) This Agreement shall have an initial term of twelve (12) months from the Effective Date. b) The Agreement will
automatically renew for subsequent twelve (12) month periods unless either party provides written notice of non-renewal at least thirty
(30) days prior to the end of the current term. c) Either party may terminate this Agreement immediately upon written notice if the other
party breaches any material term of this Agreement and fails to cure such breach within thirty (30) days after receiving written notice
of the breach.

6.
Liability and Indemnification

6.1 Limitation
of Liability: Neither party shall be liable for any indirect, incidental, or consequential damages arising from the use or inability
to use the Solution, even if advised of the possibility of such damages.

6.2 Indemnification:
Each party agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the other party against all claims and damages arising out of a breach of these Terms
and Conditions or any applicable laws.

7.
Miscellaneous

7.1 Governing
Law: This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of France.

7.2 Entire
Agreement: This document represents the entire Agreement between the parties regarding the subject matter and supersedes all prior
agreements or understandings.

7.3 Amendments:
Any modifications to this Agreement must be made in writing and signed by authorized representatives of both parties.

By
engaging with the Providers services, the Client acknowledges receipt and acceptance of these Terms and Conditions.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.04
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>lsmg-ex10_04.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF LEAK-OUT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.04

LOCK-UP
AND LEAK-OUT AGREEMENT

February
12, 2025

This
Lock-Up and Leak-Out Agreement (the Leak-Out Agreement) is being delivered to you in connection with an understanding
by and between Lode-Star Mining, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), and the person or persons named on the
signature pages hereto (collectively, the Holder).

Reference
is hereby made to the Asset Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement), dated 12, 2025, by and between the
Company and Tarka LHerpiniere, pursuant to which the Holder acquired shares of common stock (the Consideration Shares),
par value $0.001 per share (the Common Stock), of the Company. Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the
meaning as set forth in the Purchase Agreement, unless otherwise set forth herein. For purposes of this Leak-Out Agreement, the term
Non-Consideration Shares shall mean all shares of Common Stock and any securities convertible into or exercisable
or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock held by the Holder, other than Consideration Shares.

1. To
induce the Company to complete the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement, the
Holder agrees that, without the Companys prior written consent, the Holder will not,
for a period commencing on the date hereof and ending at 11:59pm Eastern Time on the date
that is 180 days after the Closing Date, (a) offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, grant
any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, lend or otherwise
transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly (collectively, a Transfer),
any Non-Consideration Shares, whether now owned or hereafter acquired by the Holder irrespective
of whether the Holder has or hereafter acquires the power of disposition; or (b) enter into
any swap or other arrangement that Transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the
economic consequences of ownership of Non-Consideration Shares, whether any such transaction
described in clause (a) or (b) above is to be settled by delivery of Common Stock or such
other securities, in cash or otherwise.

2. To
induce the Company to complete the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement, the
Holder agrees that, without the Companys prior written consent, the Holder will not,
for a period commencing on the date hereof and ending on the earlier of: (a) 11:59 pm Eastern
Time on the date that is 180 days after the Closing Date, and (b) the effective time that
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission declares that a registration statement filed
in accordance with Section 4.2 of the Purchase Agreement that registers Consideration
Shares held by the Holder to be effective (such period the Consideration Shares
Restricted Period), (a) Transfer any Consideration Shares, whether now owned or
hereafter acquired by the Holder irrespective of whether the Holder has or hereafter acquires
the power of disposition; or (b) enter into any swap or other arrangement that Transfers
to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of Consideration
Shares, whether any such transaction described in clause (a) or (b) above is to be settled
by delivery of Common Stock or such other securities, in cash or otherwise.

3. Except
as otherwise expressly provided herein, and at all times subject to any other restrictions
prohibiting the Transfer of the shares of Common Stock under applicable U.S. federal
or state or foreign securities laws, rules and regulations, the Company and the Holder agree
that following the Consideration Shares Restricted Period, the Holder shall be entitled to
Transfer Consideration Shares in accordance with the following limitations and restrictions:

a. From
and after the day following the last day of the Consideration Shares Restricted Period (the
Commencement Date), up to 20% of the Holders Consideration Shares
received on the Closing Date may be Transferred;

b. From
and after the date that is 61 days after the Commencement Date, up to an additional 20% of
the Holders Consideration Shares received on the Closing Date may be Transferred;

c. From
and after the date that is 121 days after the Commencement Date, up to an additional 20%
of the Holders Consideration Shares received on the Closing Date may be Transferred;

d. From
and after the date that is 181 days after the Commencement Date, up to an additional 20%
of the Holders Consideration Shares received on the Closing Date may be Transferred;
and

e. From
and after the date that is 241 days after the Commencement Date, up to an additional 20%
of the Holders Consideration Shares received on the Closing Date may be Transferred.

4. Any
notices, consents, waivers or other communications required or permitted to be given under
the terms of this Leak-Out Agreement must be in writing and shall be given in accordance
with the terms of the Purchase Agreement.

5. This
Leak-Out Agreement constitutes the entire agreement among the parties hereto with respect
to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior negotiations, letters and understandings
relating to the subject matter hereof and are fully binding on the parties hereto.

6. This
Leak-Out Agreement may be executed simultaneously in any number of counterparts. Each counterpart
shall be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall constitute one and the
same instrument. This Leak-Out Agreement may be executed and accepted by facsimile or PDF
signature and any such signature shall be of the same force and effect as an original signature.

7. The
terms of this Leak-Out Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of
each of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. This Leak-Out Agreement
is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted
assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provisions hereof be enforced by, any
of other Person.

8. This
Leak-Out Agreement may not be amended or modified except in writing signed by each of the
parties hereto.

9. All
questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Leak-Out
Agreement shall be governed by the terms hereof.

10. Each
party hereto acknowledges that, in view of the uniqueness of the transactions contemplated
by this Leak-Out Agreement, the other party or parties hereto may not have an adequate remedy
at law for money damages in the event that this Leak-Out Agreement has not been performed
in accordance with its terms, and therefore agrees that such other party or parties shall
be entitled to seek specific enforcement of the terms hereof in addition to any other remedy
it may seek, at law or in equity.

[Remainder
of Page Intentionally Left Blank]

The
parties hereto have executed this Leak-Out Agreement as of the date first set forth above.

LODE-STAR
MINING, INC.

By: 

Name: Mark Walmesley

Title: CEO

HOLDER

(if an entity) Name of Entity: 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

(if a natural person) Signature: 

Name: 

[Signature Page to Lock-Up and Leak-Out Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.05
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>lsmg-ex10_05.htm
<DESCRIPTION>DEBT CONVERSION AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.05

THE
SECURITIES REFERENCED HEREIN HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE U.S. SECURITIES
ACT), AND MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED ONLY (A) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 904
OF REGULATION S UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT AND IN COMPLIANCE WITH LOCAL LAWS AND REGULATIONS, (B) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION
STATEMENT UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR (C) IN A TRANSACTION THAT DOES NOT REQUIRE REGISTRATION
UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OR ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, AND THE HOLDER HAS FURNISHED TO THE CORPORATION AN OPINION TO
SUCH EFFECT FROM COUNSEL OF RECOGNIZED STANDING REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE CORPORATION PRIOR TO SUCH OFFER, SALE OR TRANSFER. HEDGING
TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING THESE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE CONDUCTED UNLESS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT.

DEBT
CONVERSION AGREEMENT

THIS
AGREEMENT is dated as of February 14, 2025.

BETWEEN:

LODE-STAR
MINING INC.

a Nevada corporation with an address at

1 East Liberty Street, Suite 600, Reno, NV 89501

(the Corporation)

AND:

LODE
STAR GOLD, INC

a Nevada corporation with an address at

13529 Skinner Rd. Ste N., Cypress, TX 77429

(the Creditor)

WHEREAS:

A. The
Corporation is indebted to the Creditor in the amount of $169,644.71 (such amount, which
includes any interest or premium payable thereon, the Debt); and

B. The
Corporation and the Creditor desire to extinguish the Debt by converting the Debt into shares
of the Corporations common stock, par value $0.001 per share (Common Stock),
on the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement.

NOW
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual covenants contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt
and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

1. DEBT
CONVERSION

1.1 The
Creditor and the Corporation hereby settle the Debt in full by converting the Debt into 1,357,158
shares of the Corporations authorized but unissued Common Stock (collectively, the
Shares) at a price of $0.125 per Share (the Conversion).
For greater certainty, the Conversion shall (a) terminate the obligation of the Corporation
to pay the Debt to the Creditor in cash or in any other manner, and (b) eliminate and otherwise
discharge any and all security agreements and other encumbrances over the assets of the Corporation,
and any and all other guarantees or other obligations enforceable by the Creditor against
the Corporation and any other person, in respect of the Debt.

- 2 - 

1.2 The
Corporation shall issue the Shares to the Creditor in a private placement exempt from the
registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act).

1.3 The
Creditor acknowledges that any certificates or other documents representing the Shares shall
bear all restrictive legends required under applicable securities laws and the organizational
documents of the Corporation.

1.4 The
Creditor hereby:

(a) surrenders
any original notes or other debt instruments evidencing the Debt to the Corporation;

(b) acknowledges
and confirms that the Debt is hereby cancelled and of no further force or effect;

(c) relinquishes
all of the Creditors right, title and interest in and to the Debt (including any notes
or other debt instruments evidencing the Debt);

(d) waives
any notice, consent, approval or similar rights under, or in connection with, the Debt; and

(e) releases,
remises and forever discharges the Corporation and its affiliates and subsidiaries, and their
respective current, previous and future directors, officers, shareholders, employees, agents,
consultants, advisors, representatives and insurers, together with all heirs, executors,
administrators, successors and assigns of the foregoing, from any and all claims, demands,
actions, causes of action, proceedings, agreements, covenants, liabilities, obligations,
losses, damages, penalties, legal fees, costs, interest, expenses and disbursements of whatever
kind, nature or description, that the Creditor may have relating to any and all amounts now
owing by the Corporation to the Creditor in respect of the Debt.

2. REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES

2.1 The
Corporation represents and warrants to the Creditor that:

(a) the
Corporation is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under
the laws of the State of Nevada and has the power, authority and capacity to incur the obligations
created by this Agreement and to carry out its terms;

(b) upon
their issuance, the Shares will be validly issued as fully paid and non-assessable shares
of the Corporations Common Stock;

(c) the
Corporation is not a party to any actions, suits or proceedings which could materially affect
its business or financial condition, and to the Corporations knowledge no such actions,
suits or proceedings have been threatened;

(d) this
Agreement constitutes a valid and legally binding obligation of the Corporation, enforceable
against the Corporation in accordance with its terms; and

- 3 - 

(e) the
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Corporation will not:

(i) violate
any law, judgment, order, injunction, decree, rule, regulation or ruling of any governmental
authority applicable to the Corporation; or

(ii) conflict
with, constitute grounds for termination or acceleration of, result in the breach of the
terms, conditions or provisions of, result in the loss of any benefit to the Corporation
under, or constitute a default under any agreement, instrument, license or permit to which
either the Corporation is a party or by which the Corporation is bound.

2.2 The
Creditor represents and warrants to the Corporation that:

(a) the
Creditor has not sold, assigned, pledged, transferred or conveyed the Debt or any portion
thereof to any third party, and no third party has any right to demand or receive payment
of all or any portion of the Debt;

(b) the
Creditor is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the
laws of the State of Nevada and has the power, authority and capacity to incur the obligations
created by this Agreement and to carry out its terms;

(c) the
Creditor is aware of all material information respecting the past, present and proposed business
operations of the Corporation, its management and financial position, and has reviewed such
material documents of the Corporation as the Creditor has deemed necessary or appropriate
for the purpose of completing the Conversion;

(d) in
evaluating the suitability of an investment in the Corporation, the Creditor has not relied
upon any representations or other information, whether oral or written, other than as set
forth in this Agreement or as contained in any documents or answers to questions furnished
by the Corporation to the Creditor;

(e) the
Creditor acknowledges and understands that the Shares are restricted securities
as such term is defined in Rule 144 under the 1933 Act, and may not be offered or sold,
directly or indirectly, in the United States to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S.
person, unless registered under the 1933 Act and the securities laws of all applicable states,
or unless an exemption from such registration requirements is available;

(f) the
Creditor qualifies as an accredited investor as that term is defined in Rule
501(a) of Regulation D under the 1933 Act;

(g) the
Creditor will only sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of the Shares or any portion thereof
in accordance with applicable securities laws;

(h) the
Creditor is acquiring the Shares as principal for the Creditors own account, for investment
purposes only;

(i) this
Agreement constitutes a valid and legally binding obligation of the Creditor, enforceable
against the Creditor in accordance with its terms; and

(j) the
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Creditor will not:

(i) violate
any law, judgment, order, injunction, decree, rule, regulation or ruling of any governmental
authority applicable to the Creditor; or

(ii) conflict
with, constitute grounds for termination or acceleration of, result in the breach of the
terms, conditions or provisions of, result in the loss of any benefit to the Creditor under,
or constitute a default under any agreement, instrument, license or permit to which either
the Creditor is a party or by which the Creditor is bound.

- 4 - 

3. GENERAL
PROVISIONS

3.1 Time
shall be of the essence of this Agreement.

3.2 All
references to currency in this Agreement are to United States dollars.

3.3 This
Agreement contains the entire agreement between the parties and there are no other agreements,
conditions or representations, oral or written, express or implied, with regard to the subject
matter hereof.

3.4 The
Creditor acknowledges that this Agreement has been prepared on behalf of the Corporation
by legal counsel to the Corporation; that the Corporations legal counsel does not represent,
and is not acting on behalf of, the Creditor; and that the Creditor has been advised and
provided with an opportunity to consult with the Creditors own legal counsel with respect
to this Agreement.

3.5 The
invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity
or enforceability of any other provision and any such invalid or unenforceable provision
shall be deemed to be severable.

3.6 This
Agreement may not be assigned by either party without the express written consent of the
other party.

3.7 No
alteration or amendment to this Agreement shall take effect unless it is in writing duly
executed by the parties.

3.8 The
parties covenant and agree to execute and deliver all such further documents and instruments,
and to do all acts and things as may be necessary or desirable to carry out the full intent
and meaning of this Agreement.

3.9 This
Agreement shall enure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties and, except as otherwise
provided or as would be inconsistent with the provisions of this Agreement, their respective
successors and assigns.

3.10 This
Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of
Texas.

3.11 This
Agreement may be executed and delivered in counterparts and by electronic transmission, each
of which shall be deemed to be an original and all of which shall together constitute one
and the same instrument.

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above.

LODE-STAR
MINING INC. LODE
STAR GOLD, INC.

Per: 

/s/
Mark Walmesley /s/
Lonnie Humphries 

Mark
Walmesley, CFO Lonnie
Humphries, President
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.06
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>lsmg-ex10_06.htm
<DESCRIPTION>INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.06

Indemnification
Agreement

This
Indemnification Agreement (this Agreement), dated as of February 14, 2025, is entered into by and between Lode-Star
Mining, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), and Mark Walmesley (the Indemnitee).

WHEREAS,
the Company expects Indemnitee to join the Company as a director and/or officer of the Company;

WHEREAS,
both the Company and Indemnitee recognize the increased risk of litigation and other claims being asserted against directors and officers
of public companies;

WHEREAS,
the board of directors of the Company (the Board) has determined that enhancing the ability of the Company to retain
and attract as directors and officers the most capable persons is in the best interests of the Company and that the Company therefore
should seek to assure such persons that indemnification and insurance coverage is available; and

WHEREAS,
in recognition of the need to provide Indemnitee with substantial protection against personal liability, in order to procure Indemnitees
service as a director and/or officer of the Company and to enhance Indemnitees ability to serve the Company in an effective manner,
and in order to provide such protection pursuant to express contract rights (intended to be enforceable irrespective of, among other
things, any amendment to the Companys certificate of incorporation or bylaws (collectively, the Constituent Documents),
any change in the composition of the Board or any change in control or business combination transaction relating to the Company), the
Company wishes to provide in this Agreement for the indemnification of, and the advancement of Expenses (as defined in Section 1(e) below)
to, Indemnitee as set forth in this Agreement and for the coverage of Indemnitee under the Companys directors and officers
liability insurance policies.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the Indemnitees agreement to provide services to the Company, the parties
agree as follows:

1. Definitions.
For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

(a) Beneficial
Owner has the meaning given to the term beneficial owner in Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended (the Exchange Act).

(b) Change
in Control means the occurrence after the date of this Agreement of any of the following events:

(i) any
Person is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing 50% or more of the Companys
then outstanding Voting Securities unless the change in relative beneficial ownership of the Companys securities by any Person
results solely from a reduction in the aggregate number of outstanding shares of securities entitled to vote generally in the election
of directors;

(ii) the
consummation of a reorganization, merger or consolidation, unless immediately following such reorganization, merger or consolidation,
all of the Beneficial Owners of the Voting Securities of the Company immediately prior to such transaction beneficially own, directly
or indirectly, more than 50% of the combined voting power of the outstanding Voting Securities of the entity resulting from such transaction;

(iii) during
any period of two consecutive years, not including any period prior to the execution of this Agreement, individuals who at the beginning
of such period constituted the Board (including for this purpose any new directors whose election by the Board or nomination for election
by the Companys stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then still in office who either were
directors at the beginning of the period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved) cease for any reason
to constitute at least a majority of the Board; or

(iv) the
stockholders of the Company approve a plan of complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company or an agreement for the sale or disposition
by the Company of all or substantially all of the Companys assets.

(c) Claim
means:

(i) any
threatened, pending or completed action, suit, proceeding or alternative dispute resolution mechanism, whether civil, criminal, administrative,
arbitrative, investigative or other, and whether made pursuant to federal, state or other law; or

(ii) any
inquiry, hearing or investigation that the Indemnitee determines might lead to the institution of any such action, suit, proceeding or
alternative dispute resolution mechanism.

(d) Disinterested
Director means a director of the Company who is not and was not a party to the Claim in respect of which indemnification is
sought by Indemnitee.

(e) Expenses
means any and all expenses, including attorneys and experts fees, court costs, transcript costs, travel expenses, duplicating,
printing and binding costs, telephone charges and all other costs and expenses incurred in connection with investigating, defending,
being a witness in or participating in (including on appeal), or preparing to defend, be a witness or participate in, any Claim. Expenses
also shall include (i) Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from any Claim, including without limitation the premium,
security for and other costs relating to any cost bond, supersedeas bond or other appeal bond or its equivalent, and (ii) for purposes
of Section 5 only, Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the interpretation, enforcement or defense of Indemnitees
rights under this Agreement, by litigation or otherwise. Expenses, however, shall not include amounts paid in settlement by Indemnitee
or the amount of judgments or fines against Indemnitee.

2

(f) Expense
Advance means any payment of Expenses advanced to Indemnitee by the Company pursuant to Section 4 or Section 5 hereof.

(g) Indemnifiable
Event means any event or occurrence, whether occurring before, on or after the date of this Agreement, related to the fact
that Indemnitee is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company, or is or was serving
at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee, member, manager, trustee or agent of any other corporation, limited liability
company, partnership, joint venture, trust or other entity or enterprise (collectively with the Company, Enterprise)
or by reason of an action or inaction by Indemnitee in any such capacity (whether or not serving in such capacity at the time any Loss
is incurred for which indemnification can be provided under this Agreement).

(h) Independent
Counsel means a law firm, or a member of a law firm, that is experienced in matters of corporation law and neither presently
performs, nor in the past five years has performed, services for either: (i) the Company or Indemnitee (other than in connection with
matters concerning Indemnitee under this Agreement or of other indemnitees under similar agreements) or (ii) any other party to the Claim
giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Independent Counsel shall
not include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest
in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitees rights under this Agreement.

(i) Losses
means any and all Expenses, damages, losses, liabilities, judgments, fines, penalties (whether civil, criminal or other), ERISA excise
taxes, amounts paid or payable in settlement, including any interest, assessments, any federal, state, local or foreign taxes imposed
as a result of the actual or deemed receipt of any payments under this Agreement and all other charges paid or payable in connection
with investigating, defending, being a witness in or participating in (including on appeal), or preparing to defend, be a witness or
participate in, any Claim.

(j) Person
means any individual, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, estate, trust, business association,
organization, governmental entity or other entity and includes the meaning set forth in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act.

(k) Voting
Securities means any securities of the Company that vote generally in the election of directors. 

2. Services
to the Company. Indemnitee agrees
to serve as a director or officer of the Company for so long as Indemnitee is duly elected or appointed or until Indemnitee tenders his
or her resignation or is no longer serving in such capacity. This Agreement shall not be deemed an employment agreement between the Company
(or any of its subsidiaries or Enterprise) and Indemnitee. Indemnitee specifically acknowledges that his or her service to the Company
or any of its subsidiaries or Enterprise is at will, and Indemnitee may be discharged at any time for any reason, with or without cause,
except as may be otherwise provided in any written employment agreement between Indemnitee and the Company (or any of its subsidiaries
or Enterprise), other applicable formal severance policies duly adopted by the Board or, with respect to service as a director or officer
of the Company, by the Companys Constituent Documents or Nevada law. This Agreement shall continue in force after Indemnitee has
ceased to serve as a director or officer of the Company or, at the request of the Company, of any of its subsidiaries or Enterprise,
as provided in Section 12 hereof.

3

3. Indemnification.
Subject to Section 9 and Section 10 of this Agreement, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee, to the fullest extent permitted by the
laws of the State of Nevada in effect on the date hereof, or as such laws may from time to time hereafter be amended to increase the
scope of such permitted indemnification, against any and all Losses if Indemnitee was or is or becomes a party to or participant in,
or is threatened to be made a party to or participant in, any Claim by reason of or arising in part out of an Indemnifiable Event, including,
without limitation, Claims brought by or in the right of the Company, Claims brought by third parties and Claims in which the Indemnitee
is solely a witness.

4. Advancement
of Expenses. Indemnitee shall
have the right to advancement by the Company, prior to the final disposition of any Claim by final adjudication to which there are no
further rights of appeal, of any and all Expenses actually and reasonably paid or incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any Claim
arising out of an Indemnifiable Event. Indemnitees right to such advancement is not subject to the satisfaction of any standard
of conduct. Without limiting the generality or effect of the foregoing, within ten days after any request by Indemnitee, the Company
shall, in accordance with such request, (a) pay such Expenses on behalf of Indemnitee, (b) advance to Indemnitee funds in an amount sufficient
to pay such Expenses or (c) reimburse Indemnitee for such Expenses. In connection with any request for Expense Advances, Indemnitee shall
not be required to provide any documentation or information to the extent that the provision thereof would undermine or otherwise jeopardize
attorney-client privilege. Execution and delivery to the Company of this Agreement by Indemnitee constitutes an undertaking by the Indemnitee
to repay any amounts paid, advanced or reimbursed by the Company pursuant to this Section 4 in respect of Expenses relating to, arising
out of or resulting from any Claim in respect of which it shall be determined, pursuant to Section 9, following the final disposition
of such Claim, that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification hereunder. No other form of undertaking shall be required other than
the execution of this Agreement. Indemnitees obligation to reimburse the Company for Expense Advances shall be unsecured and no
interest shall be charged thereon.

5. Indemnification
for Expenses in Enforcing Rights.
To the fullest extent allowable under applicable law, the Company shall also indemnify against and, if requested by Indemnitee, shall
advance to Indemnitee subject to and in accordance with Section 4, any Expenses actually and reasonably paid or incurred by Indemnitee
in connection with any action or proceeding by Indemnitee for (a) indemnification or reimbursement or advance payment of Expenses by
the Company under any provision of this Agreement, or under any other agreement or provision of the Constituent Documents now or hereafter
in effect relating to Claims relating to Indemnifiable Events, and/or (b) recovery under any directors and officers liability
insurance policies maintained by the Company. However, in the event that Indemnitee is ultimately determined not to be entitled to such
indemnification or insurance recovery, as the case may be, then all amounts advanced under this Section 5 shall be repaid. Indemnitee
shall be required to reimburse the Company in the event that a final judicial determination is made that such action brought by Indemnitee
was frivolous or not made in good faith. 

4

6. Partial
Indemnity. If Indemnitee is entitled
under any provision of this Agreement to indemnification by the Company for a portion of any Losses in respect of a Claim related to
an Indemnifiable Event but not for the total amount thereof, the Company shall nevertheless indemnify Indemnitee for the portion thereof
to which Indemnitee is entitled.

7. Notification
and Defense of Claims.

(a) Notification
of Claims. Indemnitee shall notify the Company in writing as soon as practicable of any Claim which could relate to an Indemnifiable
Event or for which Indemnitee could seek Expense Advances, including a brief description (based upon information then available to Indemnitee)
of the nature of, and the facts underlying, such Claim. The failure by Indemnitee to timely notify the Company hereunder shall not relieve
the Company from any liability hereunder unless the Companys ability to participate in the defense of such claim was materially
and adversely affected by such failure.

(b) Defense
of Claims. The Company shall be entitled to participate in the defense of any Claim relating to an Indemnifiable Event at its own
expense and, except as otherwise provided below, to the extent the Company so wishes, it may assume the defense thereof with counsel
reasonably satisfactory to Indemnitee. After notice from the Company to Indemnitee of its election to assume the defense of any such
Claim, the Company shall not be liable to Indemnitee under this Agreement or otherwise for any Expenses subsequently directly incurred
by Indemnitee in connection with Indemnitees defense of such Claim other than reasonable costs of investigation or as otherwise
provided below. Indemnitee shall have the right to employ its own legal counsel in such Claim, but all Expenses related to such counsel
incurred after notice from the Company of its assumption of the defense shall be at Indemnitees own expense; provided, however,
that if (i) Indemnitees employment of its own legal counsel has been authorized by the Company, (ii) Indemnitee has reasonably
determined that there may be a conflict of interest between Indemnitee and the Company in the defense of such Claim, (iii) after a Change
in Control, Indemnitees employment of its own counsel has been approved by the Independent Counsel or (iv) the Company shall not
in fact have employed counsel to assume the defense of such Claim, then Indemnitee shall be entitled to retain its own separate counsel
(but not more than one law firm plus, if applicable, local counsel in respect of any such Claim) and all Expenses related to such separate
counsel shall be borne by the Company.

8. Procedure
upon Application for Indemnification.
In order to obtain indemnification pursuant to this Agreement, Indemnitee shall submit to the Company a written request therefor, including
in such request such documentation and information as is reasonably available to Indemnitee and is reasonably necessary to determine
whether and to what extent Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification following the final disposition of the Claim. Indemnification shall
be made insofar as the Company determines Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification in accordance with Section 9 below. 

5

9. Determination
of Right to Indemnification.

(a) Mandatory
Indemnification; Indemnification as a Witness. 

(i) To
the extent that Indemnitee shall have been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any Claim relating to an Indemnifiable
Event or any portion thereof or in defense of any issue or matter therein, including without limitation dismissal without prejudice,
Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Losses relating to such Claim in accordance with Section 3 to the fullest extent allowable
by law. 

(ii) To
the extent that Indemnitees involvement in a Claim relating to an Indemnifiable Event is to prepare to serve and serve as a witness,
and not as a party, the Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Losses incurred in connection therewith to the fullest extent allowable
by law.

(b) Standard
of Conduct. To the extent that the provisions of Section 9(a) are inapplicable to a Claim related to an Indemnifiable Event that
shall have been finally disposed of, any determination of whether Indemnitee has satisfied any applicable standard of conduct under Nevada
law that is a legally required condition to indemnification of Indemnitee hereunder against Losses relating to such Claim and any determination
that Expense Advances must be repaid to the Company (a Standard of Conduct Determination) shall be made as follows:

(i) if
no Change in Control has occurred, (A) by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even if less than a quorum of the Board, (B)
by a committee of Disinterested Directors designated by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum
or (C) if there are no such Disinterested Directors, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion addressed to the Board, a copy of which
shall be delivered to Indemnitee; and

(ii) if
a Change in Control shall have occurred, (A) if the Indemnitee so requests in writing, by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors,
even if less than a quorum of the Board or (B) otherwise, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion addressed to the Board, a copy
of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee. 

The
Company shall indemnify and hold harmless Indemnitee against and, if requested by Indemnitee, shall reimburse Indemnitee for, or advance
to Indemnitee, within ten days of such request, any and all Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in cooperating with the person or persons
making such Standard of Conduct Determination.

(c) Making
the Standard of Conduct Determination. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause any Standard of Conduct Determination
required under Section 9(b) to be made as promptly as practicable. If the person or persons designated to make the Standard of Conduct
Determination under Section 9(b) shall not have made a determination within 30 days after the later of (A) receipt by the Company of
a written request from Indemnitee for indemnification pursuant to Section 8 (the date of such receipt being the Notification
Date) and (B) the selection of an Independent Counsel, if such determination is to be made by Independent Counsel, then Indemnitee
shall be deemed to have satisfied the applicable standard of conduct; provided that such 30-day period may be extended for a reasonable
time, not to exceed an additional 30 days, if the person or persons making such determination in good faith requires such additional
time to obtain or evaluate information relating thereto. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, no determination
as to entitlement of Indemnitee to indemnification under this Agreement shall be required to be made prior to the final disposition of
any Claim.

6

(d) Payment
of Indemnification. If, in regard to any Losses:

(i) Indemnitee
shall be entitled to indemnification pursuant to Section 9(a);

(ii) no
Standard of Conduct Determination is legally required as a condition to indemnification of Indemnitee hereunder; or 

(iii) Indemnitee
has been determined or deemed pursuant to Section 9(b) or Section 9(c) to have satisfied the Standard of Conduct Determination, 

then
the Company shall pay to Indemnitee, within five days after the later of (A) the Notification Date or (B) the earliest date on which
the applicable criterion specified in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) is satisfied, an amount equal to such Losses.

(e) Selection
of Independent Counsel for Standard of Conduct Determination. If a Standard of Conduct Determination is to be made by Independent
Counsel pursuant to Section 9(b)(i), the Independent Counsel shall be selected by the Board of Directors, and the Company shall give
written notice to Indemnitee advising him or her of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected. If a Standard of Conduct Determination
is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 9(b)(ii), the Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee, and
Indemnitee shall give written notice to the Company advising it of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected. In either case,
Indemnitee or the Company, as applicable, may, within five days after receiving written notice of selection from the other, deliver to
the other a written objection to such selection; provided, however, that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent
Counsel so selected does not satisfy the criteria set forth in the definition of Independent Counsel in Section 1(h), and
the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the person
or firm so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If such written objection is properly and timely made and substantiated, (i) the
Independent Counsel so selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or a court has determined
that such objection is without merit; and (ii) the non-objecting party may, at its option, select an alternative Independent Counsel
and give written notice to the other party advising such other party of the identity of the alternative Independent Counsel so selected,
in which case the provisions of the two immediately preceding sentences, the introductory clause of this sentence and numbered clause
(i) of this sentence shall apply to such subsequent selection and notice. If applicable, the provisions of clause (ii) of the immediately
preceding sentence shall apply to successive alternative selections. If no Independent Counsel that is permitted under the foregoing
provisions of this Section 9(e) to make the Standard of Conduct Determination shall have been selected within 20 days after the Company
gives its initial notice pursuant to the first sentence of this Section 9(e) or Indemnitee gives its initial notice pursuant to the second
sentence of this Section 9(e), as the case may be, either the Company or Indemnitee may petition any of the District Courts of the State
of Nevada (each, a Nevada Court) to resolve any objection which shall have been made by the Company or Indemnitee
to the others selection of Independent Counsel and/or to appoint as Independent Counsel a person to be selected by the Court or
such other person as the Court shall designate, and the person or firm with respect to whom all objections are so resolved or the person
or firm so appointed will act as Independent Counsel. In all events, the Company shall pay all of the reasonable fees and expenses of
the Independent Counsel incurred in connection with the Independent Counsels determination pursuant to Section 9(b).

7

(f) Presumptions
and Defenses. 

(i) Indemnitees
Entitlement to Indemnification. In making any Standard of Conduct Determination, the person or persons making such determination
shall presume that Indemnitee has satisfied the applicable standard of conduct and is entitled to indemnification, and the Company shall
have the burden of proof to overcome that presumption and establish that Indemnitee is not so entitled. Any Standard of Conduct Determination
that is adverse to Indemnitee may be challenged by the Indemnitee in a Nevada Court. No determination by the Company (including by its
directors or any Independent Counsel) that Indemnitee has not satisfied any applicable standard of conduct may be used as a defense to
any legal proceedings brought by Indemnitee to secure indemnification or reimbursement or advance payment of Expenses by the Company
hereunder or create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met any applicable standard of conduct.

(ii) Reliance
as a Safe Harbor. For purposes of this Agreement, and without creating any presumption as to a lack of good faith if the following
circumstances do not exist, Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be
in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company if Indemnitees actions or omissions to act are taken in good faith reliance
upon the records of the Company, including its financial statements, or upon information, opinions, reports or statements furnished to
Indemnitee by the officers or employees of the Company or any of its subsidiaries in the course of their duties, or by committees of
the Board or by any other Person (including legal counsel, accountants and financial advisors) as to matters Indemnitee reasonably believes
are within such other Persons professional or expert competence and who has been selected with reasonable care by or on behalf
of the Company. In addition, the knowledge or actions, or failures to act, of any director, officer, agent or employee of the Company
shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnity hereunder.

8

(iii) No
Other Presumptions. For purposes of this Agreement, the termination of any Claim by judgment, order, settlement (whether with or
without court approval) or conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, will not create a presumption that Indemnitee
did not meet any applicable standard of conduct or have any particular belief, or that indemnification hereunder is otherwise not permitted.

(iv) Defense
to Indemnification and Burden of Proof. It shall be a defense to any action brought by Indemnitee against the Company to enforce
this Agreement (other than an action brought to enforce a claim for Losses incurred in defending against a Claim related to an Indemnifiable
Event in advance of its final disposition) that it is not permissible under applicable law for the Company to indemnify Indemnitee for
the amount claimed. In connection with any such action or any related Standard of Conduct Determination, the burden of proving such a
defense or that the Indemnitee did not satisfy the applicable standard of conduct shall be on the Company.

10. Exclusions
from Indemnification. Notwithstanding
anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company shall not be obligated to:

(a) indemnify
or advance funds to Indemnitee for Expenses or Losses with respect to proceedings initiated by Indemnitee, including any proceedings
against the Company or its directors, officers, employees or other indemnitees and not by way of defense, except:

(i) proceedings
referenced in Section 5 above (unless a court of competent jurisdiction determines that each of the material assertions made by Indemnitee
in such proceeding was not made in good faith or was frivolous); or

(ii) where
the Company has joined in or the Board has consented to the initiation of such proceedings.

(b) indemnify
Indemnitee if a final decision by a court of competent jurisdiction determines that such indemnification is prohibited by applicable
law. 

(c) indemnify
Indemnitee for the disgorgement of profits arising from the purchase or sale by Indemnitee of securities of the Company in violation
of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act, or any similar successor statute.

11. Settlement
of Claims. The Company shall
not be liable to Indemnitee under this Agreement for any amounts paid in settlement of any threatened or pending Claim related to an
Indemnifiable Event effected without the Companys prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld. The Company
shall not settle any Claim related to an Indemnifiable Event in any manner that would impose any Losses on the Indemnitee without the
Indemnitees prior written consent. 

9

12. Duration.
All agreements and obligations of the Company contained herein shall continue during the period that Indemnitee is a director or officer
of the Company (or is serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee, member, trustee or agent of another Enterprise)
and shall continue thereafter (i) so long as Indemnitee may be subject to any possible Claim relating to an Indemnifiable Event (including
any rights of appeal thereto) and (ii) throughout the pendency of any proceeding (including any rights of appeal thereto) commenced by
Indemnitee to enforce or interpret his or her rights under this Agreement, even if, in either case, he or she may have ceased to serve
in such capacity at the time of any such Claim or proceeding.

13. Non-Exclusivity.
The rights of Indemnitee hereunder will be in addition to any other rights Indemnitee may have under the Constituent Documents, the Nevada
Corporations Act, any other contract or otherwise (collectively, Other Indemnity Provisions); provided, however, that
(a) to the extent that Indemnitee otherwise would have any greater right to indemnification under any Other Indemnity Provision, Indemnitee
will be deemed to have such greater right hereunder and (b) to the extent that any change is made to any Other Indemnity Provision which
permits any greater right to indemnification than that provided under this Agreement as of the date hereof, Indemnitee will be deemed
to have such greater right hereunder.

14. Liability
Insurance. For the duration of
Indemnitees service as a director and/or officer of the Company, and thereafter for so long as Indemnitee shall be subject to any
pending Claim relating to an Indemnifiable Event, the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts (taking into account the scope
and amount of coverage available relative to the cost thereof) to continue to maintain in effect policies of directors and officers
liability insurance providing coverage that is at least substantially comparable in scope and amount to that provided by the Companys
current policies of directors and officers liability insurance. In all policies of directors and officers liability
insurance maintained by the Company, Indemnitee shall be named as an insured in such a manner as to provide Indemnitee the same rights
and benefits as are provided to the most favorably insured of the Companys directors, if Indemnitee is a director, or of the Companys
officers, if Indemnitee is an officer (and not a director) by such policy. Upon request, the Company will provide to Indemnitee copies
of all directors and officers liability insurance applications, binders, policies, declarations, endorsements and other related
materials.

15. No
Duplication of Payments. The
Company shall not be liable under this Agreement to make any payment to Indemnitee in respect of any Losses to the extent Indemnitee
has otherwise received payment under any insurance policy, the Constituent Documents, Other Indemnity Provisions or otherwise of the
amounts otherwise indemnifiable by the Company hereunder.

16. Subrogation.
In the event of payment to Indemnitee under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the
rights of recovery of Indemnitee. Indemnitee shall execute all papers required and shall do everything that may be necessary to secure
such rights, including the execution of such documents necessary to enable the Company effectively to bring suit to enforce such rights.

10

17. Amendments.
No supplement, modification or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by both of the parties hereto.
No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be binding unless in the form of a writing signed by the party against whom
enforcement of the waiver is sought, and no such waiver shall operate as a waiver of any other provisions hereof (whether or not similar),
nor shall such waiver constitute a continuing waiver. Except as specifically provided herein, no failure to exercise or any delay in
exercising any right or remedy hereunder shall constitute a waiver thereof.

18. Binding
Effect. This Agreement shall
be binding upon and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors (including any direct
or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the
Company), assigns, spouses, heirs and personal and legal representatives. The Company shall require and cause any successor (whether
direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all, substantially all or a substantial part of the business and/or
assets of the Company, by written agreement in form and substances satisfactory to Indemnitee, expressly to assume and agree to perform
this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no such succession had taken
place.

19. Severability.
The provisions of this Agreement shall be severable in the event that any of the provisions hereof (including any portion thereof) are
held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, void or otherwise unenforceable, and the remaining provisions shall
remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law.

20. Notices.
All notices, requests, demands and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if
delivered by hand, against receipt, or mailed, by postage prepaid, certified or registered mail:

(a) if
to Indemnitee, to the address set forth on the signature page hereto. 

(b) if
to the Company, to:

Lode-Star
Mining, Inc.

13529 Skinner Rd, Suite N

Cypress, TX 77429

Notice
of change of address shall be effective only when given in accordance with this Section. All notices complying with this Section shall
be deemed to have been received on the date of hand delivery or on the third business day after mailing.

21. Governing
Law and Forum. This Agreement
shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada applicable to contracts made and to
be performed in such state without giving effect to its principles of conflicts of laws. The Company and Indemnitee hereby irrevocably
and unconditionally: (a) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only
in a Nevada Court and not in any other state or federal court in the United States, (b) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction
of a Nevada Court for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement and (c) waive, and agree
not to plead or make, any claim that a Nevada Court lacks venue or that any such action or proceeding brought in a Nevada Court has been
brought in an improper or inconvenient forum.

11

22. Headings.
The headings of the sections and paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute
part of this Agreement or to affect the construction or interpretation thereof.

23. Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original, but all
of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement.

[Remainder
of Page Intentionally Left Blank; Signature Page Follows]

12

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written.

COMPANY:

Lode-Star
Mining, Inc.,

a
Nevada corporation

By: /s/ Mark Walmesley

Name: Mark Walmesley

Title: President & Chief Executive Officer

INDEMNITEE:

/s/ Mark Walmesley

Mark
Walmesley

Address:

13529
Skinner Road, Suite N

Cypress,
Texas 77429

[Signature Page to Indemnification Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23.1
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>lsmg-ex23_1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITOR
<TEXT>
Exhibit 23.1

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm

We consent to the reference to our firm under the
caption Changes in and disagreements with accountants on accounting and financial disclosure and to the incorporation by
reference in this Current Report on Form 8-K of our auditors report dated March 15, 2024 relating to the financial statements of
Lode-Star Mining Inc. for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, (which expresses an unqualified opinion and includes an explanatory
paragraph relating to a going concern uncertainty) which report was included in the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Chartered Professional Accountants

Vancouver, Canada

February 14, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>lsmg-20250214.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>lsmg-20250214_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>lsmg-20250214_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>le001_v1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>le002_v1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>le003_v1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>le004_v1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 14, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 14, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 000-53676

Entity Registrant Name LODE-STAR
MINING INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001319643

Entity Tax Identification Number 47-4347638

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 13529
Skinner Road

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite N

Entity Address, City or Town Cypress

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 77429

City Area Code (832)

Local Phone Number 371-6531

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
21 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://LSMG/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

lsm-8k.htm 
lsmg-20250214.xsd 
lsmg-20250214_lab.xml 
lsmg-20250214_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>0001199835-25-000044-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>lsm-8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001319643 

2025-02-14 
2025-02-14 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001319643 
--12-31 
8-K 
2025-02-14 
LODE-STAR MINING INC. 
NV 
000-53676 
47-4347638 
13529 Skinner Road 
Suite N 
Cypress 
TX 
77429 
(832) 
371-6531 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>