<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001625297-25-000021.txt : 20250304
<SEC-HEADER>0001625297-25-000021.hdr.sgml : 20250304
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250304161424
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001625297-25-000021
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250302
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250304
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250304

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			INDIVIOR PLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001625297
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			X0
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37835
		FILM NUMBER:		25704555

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		234 BATH ROAD
		CITY:			SLOUGH, BERKSHIRE
		STATE:			X0
		ZIP:			SL1 4EE
		BUSINESS PHONE:		804-379-1090

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		234 BATH ROAD
		CITY:			SLOUGH, BERKSHIRE
		STATE:			X0
		ZIP:			SL1 4EE
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>indv-20250302.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?indv-20250302

0001625297FALSE00016252972025-03-022025-03-02

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 2, 2025

INDIVIOR PLC

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

England and Wales 001-37835 98-1204773

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.)

10710 Midlothian Turnpike Suite 125

North Chesterfield, VA 

23235

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: 804-379-1040

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) 

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Ordinary shares, $0.50 nominal value per share INDV The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

INDV London Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Employment Agreement with Joe Ciaffoni. On March 3, 2025, Indivior PLC (the "Company") entered into an employment agreement with Joe Ciaffoni. Previously, Indivior PLC announced that it had appointed Joe Ciaffoni, currently an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company, as Chief Executive Officer. The terms of his appointment are subject to, and effective upon, the approval by shareholders of a new remuneration policy at the Companys annual general meeting (2025 AGM) in May 2025. Mark Crossley is expected to remain as CEO until at least the date of the 2025 AGM to support the transition. The term of Mr. Ciaffonis service as CEO is expected to commence following the 2025 AGM but no later than August 1, 2025.

The agreement with Mr. Ciaffoni provides for an annual base salary of $1,050,000 and an annual cash bonus opportunity targeted at 100% of the base salary, up to a maximum of 200% of the base salary, with the actual amount determined by the Company based on the achievement of individual and Company goals. The Company will provide long-term incentive awards to Mr. Ciaffoni (i) in 2026, with an on-target grant-date value of 400% of the base salary; (ii) in 2027, with an on-target grant-date value of 700% of the base salary; and (iii) in 2028 and all subsequent years of not less than 700% of the base salary. In lieu of a long-term incentive award for 2025, within 30 days following the commencement of his employment, the Company shall grant Mr. Ciaffoni (i) performance stock units ("PSUs") with a grant-date value of 12 times the initial base salary, subject to a cap of 1.575 million shares, and (ii) restricted stock units ("RSUs") with a grant-date value of four times the initial base salary, subject to a cap of 525,000 shares (On-Hire Award). 

The Company's obligations under the agreement are conditioned upon such payment or provision being consistent with the directors remuneration policy of the Company most recently approved by shareholders in accordance with section 439A of the Companies Act 2006. Any provision that is not consistent with such policy shall be void and Mr. Ciaffoni shall have no entitlement to compensation or damages in respect of any loss suffered in consequence thereof.

Amended and Restated Relationship Agreement with Oaktree Capital Partners. On March 3, 2025, Indivior PLC amended and restated its Relationship Agreement with Oaktree Value Opportunities Fund, L.P., Oaktree London Liquid Value Opportunities Fund (VOF), L.P., Oaktree Phoenix Investment Fund, L.P. and Boston Patriot Arlington ST LLC (collectively, the "Oaktree Parties"). As amended and restated, Indivior PLC agreed to (i) appoint Joe Ciaffoni and Daniel Ninivaggi to the board of directors of the Company (the "Board"), (ii) appoint Daniel Ninivaggi as the Chair of the Nomination Committee, with such other members of the Nomination Committee to be determined by the Board, (iii) to propose a maximum of seven directors for re-election by shareholders at the 2025 AGM (including within such seven directors each of Joe Ciaffoni and Dan Ninivaggi); and (iv) following the 2025 AGM, to conduct a search to identify and appoint one additional external candidate to become a Non-Executive Director, the identity of whom shall be subject to the Oaktree Parties' approval (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed). The Company also agreed that the maximum number of Directors following the 2025 AGM until the expiry of the Relationship Agreement shall be eight Directors.

The Relationship Agreement further provides that, until the expiration of the Relationship Agreement, the Oaktree Parties will not, and will take reasonable steps to ensure that each of their affiliates will not, (i) remove or publicly propose the removal of any member of the Board, (ii) put forward or propose any resolution, agenda item or amendment thereto at a general meeting of the Company, (iii) nominate any person to the Board, (iv) require the Board to call a general meeting of the Company, (v) require circulation of a statement relating to a proposed resolution or any other business to be dealt with at a general meeting of the Company, (vi) make any public proposal to change (a) the Board or management, (b) the capitalization or capital allocation program and practices of Indivior PLC, or (c) Indivior PLC's business or corporate structure, or (vii) vote against the recommendation of the Board on any Ordinary Course Resolution, or solicit or knowingly urge any shareholder of Indivior PLC to take the foregoing actions. The Relationship Agreement also contains mutual non-disparagement and no litigation covenants.

The Relationship Agreement will terminate on December 31, 2025, provided that the Oaktree Parties may terminate the Relationship Agreement earlier if Indivior PLC breaches certain provisions of the Relationship Agreement. The foregoing description of the Relationship Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Relationship Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

The foregoing description of the Amended and Restated Relationship Agreement and the Employment Agreement do not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Amended and Restated Relationship Agreement and the Employment Agreement, which are filed as Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

(b) Robert Schriesheim notified the Board of his resignation therefrom on March 2, 2025 with immediate effect. Mr. Schriesheim stated that his resignation was not due to any disagreements or issues with regards to the Company's accounting or financial statements.

In addition, consistent with the Company's switch to a U.S. primary listing in 2024, Peter Bains and Jo LeCouilliard have decided not to stand for re-election at the Companys Annual General Meeting.

EXHIBIT INDEX

Exhibit

No. 

Description

10.1 

Amended and Restated Relationship Agreement made as of March 3, 2025 by and among Indivior PLC, Oaktree Value Opportunities Fund, L.P., Oaktree London Liquid Value Opportunities Fund (VOF), L.P., Oaktree Phoenix Investment Fund, L.P. and Boston Patriot Arlington ST LLC.

10.2 

Employment Agreement with Joe Ciaffoni made March 3, 2025.

99.1 

Press release issued by Indivior PLC dated March 4, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

Confidential treatment requested as to certain portions, which portions have been omitted.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Indivior PLC

Date: March 4, 2025 By: /s/ Kathryn Hudson

Name: Kathryn Hudson

Title: Company Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex101amendedandrestatedrel.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
Document

3 March 2025

INDIVIOR PLC

and

OAKTREE

________________________________________

AMENDED AND RESTATED

RELATIONSHIP AGREEMENT

________________________________________

THIS AGREEMENT is made on 3 March 2025

BETWEEN: 

(A)Indivior PLC a company incorporated and registered in the United Kingdom (with company number 09237894) and whose registered office is at 234 Bath Road, Slough, Berkshire, United Kingdom, SL1 4EE (the Company); and

(B)Oaktree Value Opportunities Fund, L.P., Oaktree London Liquid Value Opportunities Fund (VOF), L.P., Oaktree Phoenix Investment Fund, L.P. and Boston Patriot Arlington ST LLC (together, Oaktree and together with the Company the Parties and each a Party to this Agreement).

RECITALS:

(A)Oaktree manages Shares comprising approximately 8.6 per cent. of the issued share capital of the Company.

(B)The Company has announced the appointment of Joe Ciaffoni, currently an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company, as Chief Executive Officer, with the terms of his appointment subject to, and effective upon, the approval by shareholders of a new remuneration policy at the 2025 AGM in May 2025. 

(C)The Parties have agreed to enter into this Agreement (which restates and amends the prior Agreement entered into on 15 December 2024) in order to govern certain matters related to the Shares managed by Oaktree and the ongoing relationship between the Parties.

IT IS AGREED AS FOLLOWS:

1.INTERPRETATION

The definitions and other interpretative provisions set out in Schedule 3 shall apply throughout this Agreement, unless the contrary intention appears.

2.ANNOUNCEMENT

2.1Not later than 10am UK time on 4 March 2025, the Company shall release the agreed form announcement in the form set out in Schedule 1 (the Announcement). The Company shall also file (but not before the release of the Announcement) this Agreement with the SEC by way of an 8K.

2.2Oaktree shall promptly file (but not before the release of the Announcement, unless the Company has failed to release the Announcement within the time period specified in Clause 2.1) with the SEC an amendment to its Schedule 13D reporting the entry into this Agreement, which Item 4 and Item 6 disclosure regarding this Agreement 

2#NUM_PAGES#

and Oaktrees plans with respect to the Company (the Schedule 13D/A).

2.3Neither the Company nor Oaktree nor any of its Affiliates will make any public statements with respect to the matters covered by this Agreement, including in any filing with the SEC, any other regulatory or governmental agency, or any stock exchange or in any materials that would reasonably be expected to be filed with the SEC, prior to the Companys issuance of the Announcement (except for Oaktrees filing of the Schedule 13D/A in accordance with Clause 2.2).

3.APPOINTMENT OF NEW NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

3.1The Company hereby agrees:

3.1.1to propose a maximum of seven directors for re-election by Shareholders at the 2025 AGM, including Joe Ciaffoni and Daniel Ninivaggi (together the Continuing Nominees), as well as David Wheadon, Juliet Thompson, Barbara Ryan, Keith Humphreys and Mark Stejbach;

3.1.2to abolish the Companys Operational Committee, with immediate effect;

3.1.3to conduct a search, overseen by the Nomination Committee with the support of a new external executive search agency consistent with the Companys prior discussions with Oaktree, to identify and appoint one additional external candidate to become a new Non-Executive Director, the identity of whom shall be subject to Oaktrees approval (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), which director appointment shall be made as soon as reasonably possible following the 2025 AGM, and no later than 1 July 2025; provided that if such new Non-Executive Director is not appointed to the Board on such timeframe, the Company shall appoint to the Board as the new Non-Executive Director a candidate identified by Oaktree within two business days thereafter; and

3.1.4to appoint Daniel Ninivaggi as Chair of the Nomination Committee (with effect from 10 March 2025 and for at least the term of this Agreement), with such other members of the Nomination Committee to be determined by the Board.

3.2The Company agrees that the maximum number of Directors (which shall include the Continuing Nominees) until the expiry of this Agreement shall be 7 Directors, provided that such maximum number shall be increased to 8 Directors upon the appointment of the additional external candidate to become a Non-Executive Director in accordance with Clause 3.1.3.

3.3The Parties acknowledge that the Continuing Nominees are required to retire from office at the 2025 AGM in accordance with article 77 of the Articles. The Company agrees that the Board will unanimously recommend to Shareholders, in the notice convening the 2025 AGM, that the 

3#NUM_PAGES#

Continuing Nominees be re-appointed as Directors by Shareholders with effect from the conclusion of that meeting. The Company further agrees and undertakes to:

3.3.1recommend that Shareholders vote against any resolution put to Shareholders to remove either of the Continuing Nominees as Directors (it being acknowledged by Oaktree that the Company will not be obligated to recommend to Shareholders that the Continuing Nominees be re-appointed as Directors in the notice convening the 2026 AGM); 

3.3.2not put to Shareholders, other than where obliged to do so pursuant to the Companies Act, any resolution to remove either of the Continuing Nominees as Directors; and

3.3.3not remove either of the Continuing Nominees as Directors pursuant to the operation of article 83(iii) of the Articles (or otherwise) other than on grounds of serious misconduct by resolution of the Directors acting reasonably and in good faith, 

in each case, during the term of this Agreement. 

3.4Oaktree warrants and undertakes to the Company that:

3.4.1to the Oaktree Individuals Knowledge, neither of the Continuing Nominees is (a) an employee, officer, director, general partner, manager or other agent of or consultant to Oaktree or any of its Affiliates (Oaktree and each of its Affiliates, collectively, the Oaktree Group), or (b) a limited partner, member, or other investor in the Oaktree Group (unless such investment has been disclosed to the Company);

3.4.2it has not and will not, and no other member of the Oaktree Group (to the Oaktree Individuals Knowledge) has and Oaktree shall use reasonable endeavours to procure that no other member of the Oaktree Group will, for so long as the Continuing Nominees are Directors of the Company, directly or indirectly, make any payments or enter into any agreement, arrangement or understanding to compensate any Continuing Nominee in connection with his or her service as a Director of the Company (including as a member of any committee of the Board).

3.5The Continuing Nominees shall be entitled to be paid the equivalent fees for the performance of his duties as any other non-executive Director of the Company on the same terms and shall be entitled to have reimbursed any reasonable expenses, reasonably incurred, and be indemnified for liabilities incurred, in the performance of his duties as a non-executive Director of the Company on the same basis as any other non-executive Director of the Company (noting that Joe Ciaffoni will have separately documented arrangements in respect of his appointment as CEO of the Company following the 2025 AGM). The Continuing Nominees shall also be 

4#NUM_PAGES#

entitled to be covered under the Company's D&O insurance policy on the same basis as any other Director of the Company.

4.DUTIES AND OBLIGATIONS RELATING TO THE CONTINUING NOMINEES

4.1The Parties acknowledge that each Continuing Nominee shall owe the same duties to the Company as are owed by the other Directors by reason of his or her appointment as a Director.

4.2Oaktree acknowledges and agrees that each Continuing Nominee owes the same duties to the Company as the other Directors and that Oaktree does not have any preferential right to receive any confidential information obtained by either Continuing Nominee in their capacity as a Director.

5.VOTING AND NON-DISPARAGEMENT

5.1Oaktree warrants to the Company that, as at the date of this Agreement, Oaktree manages 10,715, 891 Shares representing approximately 8.6 per cent. of the issued share capital of the Company which provides Oaktree with the ability to exercise or direct the exercise of 10,715,891 Voting Rights representing approximately 8.6 per cent. of the Voting Rights currently exercisable in the Company (the Current Voting Rights). Oaktree warrants that as at the date of this Agreement the Oaktree Group has no other Interests in Shares and is not able to exercise or direct the exercise of any Voting Rights other than the Current Voting Rights. 

5.2Until the expiry of this Agreement, Oaktree undertakes to take all reasonable steps to exercise (or procure the exercise of) all of the Voting Rights in respect of which it has the right from time to time to exercise or direct their exercise on any Ordinary Course Resolution in accordance with the recommendation of the Board.

5.3Oaktree undertakes that until the expiry of this Agreement, in relation to each meeting of the Companys Shareholders at which any resolution referred to in Clause 5.2 is to be considered, in respect of any such resolution it shall take all reasonable steps in relation to all Voting Rights in respect of which any member of the Oaktree Group has the right from time to time to exercise or direct their exercise to:

5.3.1instruct the registered holder to complete and return, or procure the completion and return of, relevant forms of proxy in respect of the exercise, in accordance with Clause 5.2, of all Voting Rights as are from time to time able to be exercised by it (or in respect of which it is able to procure the exercise) by not less than 2 (two) Business Days before the latest time for submission of proxies for the relevant meeting; and

5.3.2instruct the registered holder of the Shares to which such Voting Rights relate not to revoke or amend the proxy referred to in Clause 5.3.1 or submit new forms of proxy voting against any resolution referred to in Clause 5.2 or attend in person or by proxy 

5#NUM_PAGES#

or appoint any corporate representative to attend at the relevant Shareholders meetings and vote on any resolution referred to in Clause 5.2 otherwise than in accordance with the Boards recommendation.

5.4Until the expiry of this Agreement, Oaktree shall not, through the exercise of its Voting Rights or otherwise, and shall take reasonable steps to procure that no member of the Oaktree Group shall, through the exercise of any Voting Rights or otherwise (including as provided in Clause 5.5), and shall use all reasonable endeavours to procure that the registered holder of any Shares in respect of which any member of the Oaktree Group is entitled to direct the exercise of Voting Rights shall not exercise such Voting Rights in order to: 

5.4.1remove or publicly propose the removal of any Director;

5.4.2put forward (or procure that another person puts forward) a resolution, an item on the agenda, or an amendment to a resolution or an agenda item at a general meeting of the Company;

5.4.3propose a resolution or include a matter on the agenda to be dealt with at the 2025 AGM pursuant to section 338 or 338A of the Companies Act, respectively;

5.4.4nominate any person to serve as a Director pursuant to article 81(iii) of the Articles;

5.4.5require the Board to call a general meeting of the Company pursuant to section 303(1) of the Companies Act;

5.4.6call a general meeting of the Company at the Companys expense pursuant to section 305 of the Companies Act; 

5.4.7require circulation of a statement relating to a proposed resolution or any other business to be dealt with at the Companys general meeting pursuant to section 314 of the Companies Act; or 

5.4.8make any public proposal to: (i) change the Board or management of the Company; (ii) change the capitalisation or capital allocation programs and practices of the Company; or (iii) change the Companys business or corporate structure.

5.5Oaktree shall not, and shall take reasonable steps to procure that no member of the Oaktree Group shall, solicit or knowingly urge, publicly or privately, any Shareholder or person entitled to direct the exercise of Voting Rights, to exercise their Voting Rights or otherwise until the expiry of this Agreement:

5.5.1to vote against the recommendation of the Board on any Ordinary Course Resolution; or

5.5.2to take any action referred to in Clause 5.4.

6#NUM_PAGES#

5.6Each Party agrees that, until the expiry of this Agreement, it shall, and shall take reasonable steps to procure that its Affiliates and its and their principals, directors, general partners and officers shall, refrain from making or causing to be made publicly or privately, or soliciting or knowingly urging any other person to make or cause to be made publicly, any statement or announcement that:

5.6.1constitutes an ad hominem attack on; or

5.6.2otherwise disparages, defames, slanders, impugns or is reasonably likely to damage the reputation of,

the other Party or any of its Affiliates, or any of their current or former officers, directors or key employees, in each case including:

(i)in any press release or other publicly available format (including social media); or

(ii)to any journalist or member of the media (including in a television, radio, newspaper or magazine interview),

provided that none of the foregoing shall apply to:

(iii)restrict the ability of such persons to comply with Applicable Law, or respond to a lawful and valid request for information from any regulatory or governmental authority with jurisdiction over such persons or enforce their rights hereunder;

(iv)any private communications among the Oaktree Group and its Affiliates and/or their respective professional advisors;

(v)any private communications among the Company and its Affiliates and/or their respective professional advisors; or

(vi)any private communications among any of the persons listed in (iv) and (v).

5.7Oaktree shall, and shall procure that each member of the Oaktree Group shall, refrain from bringing or supporting, or causing to be brought or supported until the expiry of this Agreement: 

5.7.1any legal claim or action against the Company or any of its Directors, officers or key employees, any of the Companys Affiliates or any of its directors, officers or key employees; or 

5.7.2any derivative action against any Director or director of any of the Companys Affiliates,

5.7.3other than a claim against the Company for breach of this Agreement.

5.8The Company shall, and shall procure that the Companys Affiliates and the Companys and their directors, officers and key employees shall, refrain from bringing or supporting, or causing to be brought or supported 

7#NUM_PAGES#

until the expiry of this Agreement any legal claim or action against any member of the Oaktree Group or any of its directors, officers, general partners, managers or key employees, other than a claim against Oaktree for breach of this Agreement.

5.9Oaktree acknowledges that the Company is subject to applicable obligations under the UK Listing Rules, UK MAR, the DTRs, the FSMA, the Financial Services Act 2012, the Nasdaq Listing Rules, Regulation FD, applicable US securities laws and any applicable laws and regulations in light of the Companys status as an SEC registrant, its primary listing on the Nasdaq Global Select Market and its secondary listing on the London Stock exchange. 

6.TERM

6.1This Agreement shall terminate with immediate effect on 31 December 2025 unless terminated earlier, or extended, by the agreement of the Parties in writing. 

6.2Oaktree may terminate this Agreement with immediate effect by notice to the Company if the Company fails to:

6.2.1release the Announcement by the time and date specified in, and in accordance with Clause 2.1;

6.2.2comply with the provisions set forth in Clause 3.1.3;

6.2.3appoint Daniel Ninivaggi as Chair of the Nomination Committee by the date specified in Clause 3.1.4; and

6.2.4continue to retain the services of Joe Ciaffoni as the Companys Chief Executive Officer effective following the 2025 AGM.

6.3Termination of this Agreement pursuant to this Clause 6 shall be without prejudice to any breach of this Agreement by either Party prior to the date of termination.

6.4Clauses 1, 6, 7, 8 and 9 shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

7.NOTICES

7.1Requirements for notices

A notice (including any approval, consent or other communication) given in connection with this Agreement and the documents referred to in it must be in writing in the English language and must be given by one or more of the following methods:

7.1.1by hand (including by courier or process server) to the address of the addressee; or

7.1.2by email to the email address of the addressee,

8#NUM_PAGES#

being the address or email address which is specified in Clause 7.2 in relation to the Party or Parties to whom the notice is addressed, and marked for the attention of the person so specified, or to such other address or email address, or marked for the attention of such other person, as the relevant Party may from time to time specify by notice given to all of the other Parties in accordance with this Clause.

7.2Parties contact details

The relevant address, email address and specified details for each of the Parties at the date of this Agreement are as follows:

Company

Address: 234 Bath Road, Slough, Berkshire SL1 4EE United Kingdom

Email address(es):jeff.burris@indivior.com; legal@indivior.com 

For the attention of: Jeff Burris 

With copy to:

By post: Freshfields LLP, 100 Bishopsgate, London, United Kingdom, EC2P 2SR, for the attention of: Oliver Lazenby / Ziyad Nassif 

By email: oliver.lazenby@freshfields.com; ziyad.nassif@freshfields.com 

Oaktree

Address: 

Email address(es): awest@oaktreecapital.com

For the attention of: Andrew West 

With a copy to: Olshan Frome Wolosky LLP, 

By post: 1325 Avenue of the Americas, New York, NY 10019, United States

By email: SWolosky@olshanlaw.com, KMantel@olshanlaw.com

With a copy to: White & Case LLP 

By post: 5 Old Broad St, London EC2N 1DW, United Kingdom, for the attention of Tom Matthews / Alex Woodfield

By email: tom.matthews@whitecase.com, alex.woodfield@whitecase.com

7.3Deemed receipt

Unless it is proved that it was received earlier and subject to Clause 7.4 below, a notice is deemed to be received:

9#NUM_PAGES#

7.3.1in the case of a notice given by hand (including by courier or process server), at the time when the notice is left at the relevant address; or

7.3.2in the case of a notice given by email, at the time of transmission of the email (provided that no automated delivery message shall have been received by the sender of the notice).

7.4A notice received or deemed to be received in accordance with Clause 7.3 on a day which is not a Business Day, or after 5pm (EST) on any Business Day, shall be deemed to be received on the next following Business Day.

8.ENTIRE AGREEMENT

8.1Each Party agrees on behalf of itself and its Affiliates that this Agreement:

8.1.1constitutes the whole agreement in relation to its subject matter and supersedes any previous agreement between the Parties in relation to its subject matter; and

8.1.2to the extent permitted by law, excludes any warranty, condition or other undertaking implied at law or by custom, usage or course of dealing.

8.2Each Party agrees that this Agreement is made on the basis that neither Party has been induced to enter into this Agreement by, nor has relied on, any statement, representation, warranty, assurance, covenant, indemnity, undertaking or commitment (Representation) which is not expressly set out in this Agreement.

8.3Each Party agrees that its only right of action in relation to any innocent or negligent Representation set out in this Agreement or given in connection with this Agreement shall be for breach of contract. All other rights and remedies in relation to any such Representation (including those in tort or arising under statute) are excluded.

9.MISCELLANEOUS

9.1Announcements

9.1.1Subject to Clauses 2 and 9.1.2, no Party shall release any stock market announcement, make any press release or despatch any announcement or circular, relating to this Agreement.

9.1.2Nothing in Clause 9.1.1 shall prohibit any Party from making any announcement or publicly available filing or despatching any circular as required by Applicable Law. 

9.2Assignment

No Party may assign (whether absolutely or by way of security and whether in whole or in part), transfer, mortgage, charge, declare itself a trustee for a third party of, or otherwise dispose of (in any manner whatsoever) the benefit of this Agreement or sub contract or delegate in 

10#NUM_PAGES#

any manner whatsoever its performance under this Agreement and any such purported dealing in contravention of this Clause 9.2 shall be ineffective.

9.3Legal relationship

Nothing in this Agreement or in any matter or any arrangement contemplated by it is intended to constitute a partnership, association, joint venture, fiduciary relationship or other co-operative entity between the Parties for any purpose whatsoever. Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, neither Party has any power or authority to bind the other Party or impose any obligations on it and neither Party shall purport to do so or hold itself out as capable of doing so.

9.4Third Party rights

No term of this Agreement is enforceable under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 by a person who is not a Party.

9.5Variation and waiver

9.5.1No variation of this Agreement shall be effective unless it is in writing (which for this purpose, does not include email) and signed by, or on behalf of, each of the Parties. The expression variation includes any variation, supplement, deletion or replacement however effected.

9.5.2No waiver of any right or remedy provided by this Agreement or by law shall be effective unless it is in writing (which for this purpose, does not include email) and signed by, or on behalf of, the Party granting it.

9.5.3The failure to exercise, or delay in exercising, any right or remedy provided by this Agreement or by law does not:

(A)constitute a waiver of that right or remedy;

(B)restrict any further exercise of that right or remedy; or

(C)affect any other rights or remedies.

9.5.4A single or partial exercise of any right or remedy does not prevent any further or other exercise of that right or remedy or the exercise of any other right or remedy.

9.6Counterparts

This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by each Party on separate counterparts, each of which when executed and delivered shall be an original, but all the counterparts together constitute one instrument.

11#NUM_PAGES#

9.7Costs

Each Party shall bear all costs incurred by it in connection with the preparation, negotiation and entry into this Agreement and the documents to be entered into pursuant to it; provided, however, that the Company shall reimburse Oaktree an amount not to exceed the amount that the Parties have agreed on for reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Oaktree in connection with its engagement with the Company, and the negotiation, execution and effectuation of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby.

9.8Severance

9.8.1If any provision or part of any provision of this Agreement is or becomes invalid or unenforceable in any respect under the law of any relevant jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect:

(A)the validity or enforceability in that jurisdiction of any other provision of this Agreement; or

(B)the validity or enforceability under the law of any other jurisdiction of that provision or of any other provision of this Agreement.

9.8.2If any provision of this Agreement is or becomes invalid or unenforceable in any respect under the law of any relevant jurisdiction, but would be valid and enforceable if some part of the provision were deleted, the provision in question shall apply in respect of such jurisdiction with such deletion as may be necessary to make it valid and enforceable.

9.9Equitable remedies

Without prejudice to any other rights or remedies that the Parties may have, the Parties acknowledge and agree that damages alone may not be an adequate remedy for any breach of the provisions of this Agreement. The remedies of injunction and specific performance as well as any other equitable relief for any threatened or actual breach of the provisions of this Agreement may be more appropriate remedies.

10.GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION

10.1This Agreement and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter, existence, negotiation, validity, termination or enforceability (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law.

10.2Each Party irrevocably agrees that the Courts of England shall have exclusive jurisdiction in relation to any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with this Agreement or its subject matter, existence, 

12#NUM_PAGES#

negotiation, validity, termination or enforceability (including non-contractual disputes or claims).

10.3Each Party irrevocably waives any right that it may have to object to an action being brought in those Courts, to claim that the action has been brought in an inconvenient forum, or to claim that those Courts do not have jurisdiction.

10.4

13#NUM_PAGES#

Schedule 1ANNOUNCEMENT

Indivior Announces Further Changes to Board of Directors

Richmond, VA, March 4, 2025 - Indivior PLC (NASDAQ / LSE: INDV) ("Indivior" or the "Company") today announced that, further to the announcement on December 17, 2024 of certain Director arrangements agreed with Oaktree Capital Management L.P. ("Oaktree"), which advises certain funds that own ordinary shares of Indivior, the announcement on January 28, 2025 of the appointment of Dr. David Wheadon as Chair of the Company, the announcement on February 3, 2025 of the appointment of Daniel Ninivaggi as an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company, and the announcement on February 27, 2025 of the appointment of Joe Ciaffoni as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and following further discussions with Oaktree, the Company has agreed to make certain further changes to its Board of Directors (the "Board"):

The Company will reduce the size of its Board to seven directors as of the 2025 Annual General Meeting (AGM), each of whom will stand for re-election at the upcoming AGM;

Consistent with the Companys switch to a US primary listing in 2024, Peter Bains and Jo LeCouilliard have decided not to stand for re-election at the AGM;

Robert Schriesheim has stepped down as an Independent Non-Executive Director effective from March 2, 2025;

The Company will commence a search for one new Independent Non-Executive Director, the identity of whom shall be subject to Oaktrees approval, and whose appointment shall be confirmed by July 1, 2025, failing which Oaktree will have the ability to nominate a further Non-Executive Director to the Board. This will bring the number of directors to eight after the AGM;

Daniel Ninivaggi will be appointed Chair of the Nomination Committee, effective March 10, 2025;

Barbara Ryan will succeed Jo LeCouilliard as Chair of the Compensation Committee, effective from the end of the AGM; and

The Companys Operational Committee will be discontinued.

Dr David Wheadon, Chair said, Peter Bains, Jo LeCouilliard and Rob Schriesheim have been unswerving in their support of bringing needed therapeutic interventions to patients suffering from Opioid Use Disorder. I sincerely thank them for the service they have given to Indivior. 

In connection with these changes, Indivior and Oaktree have entered into an amended and restated Relationship Agreement, which contains, among other items, customary obligations and undertakings of mutual support.

About Indivior 

Indivior is a global pharmaceutical company working to help change patients' lives by developing medicines to treat substance use disorders (SUD). Our vision is that all patients around the world will have access to evidence-based treatment for the chronic conditions and co-occurring disorders of SUD. Indivior is dedicated to transforming SUD from a global human crisis to a recognized and treated chronic disease. Building on its global portfolio of OUD treatments, Indivior has a pipeline of product candidates designed to expand on its heritage in this category. Headquartered in the United States in Richmond, VA, Indivior employs over 1,000 individuals globally and its portfolio of products is available in over 30 countries worldwide. Visit www.indivior.com to learn more. Connect with Indivior on LinkedIn by visiting www.linkedin.com/company/indivior.

Investor Enquiries:

Jason Thompson

VP, Investor Relations

Indivior PLC

+1 804 402 7123

jason.thompson@indivior.com

14#NUM_PAGES#

Tim Owens

Director, Investor Relations Indivior PLC

+1 804 263 3978

timothy.owens@indivior.com

Media Enquiries:

For Indivior:

Jonathan Sibun

Teneo

+44 (0)20 7353 4200

Indivior@teneo.com

U.S. Media Inquiries

+1 804 594 0836

Indiviormediacontacts@indivior.com

For Oaktree:

John Christiansen / Monique Sidhom / Suzanne Byowitz

FGS Global

Oaktree@fgsglobal.com

15#NUM_PAGES#

Schedule 2

SCHEDULE 13D/A

16#NUM_PAGES#

Schedule 3

DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION

1.DEFINITIONS

Each of the following words and expressions has the following meanings unless expressly stated otherwise:

2025 AGM the Annual General Meeting of the Company required to be held in respect of the period following its accounting reference date of 31 December 2024;

2026 AGM the Annual General Meeting of the Company required to be held in respect of the period following its accounting reference date of 31 December 2025;

Affiliate means in relation to any person:

(a)its subsidiaries, any holding company and any subsidiary of that holding company;

(b)any person who directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by, or is under common control with, the person;

(c)any investment manager or investment advisor of the person and such investment managers subsidiaries and holding companies, any entity managed or advised by that investment manager or investment advisor and any other person that is managed or advised by the person in its capacity as investment manager or investment advisor; and

(d)its managed investment funds,

(e)provided, further, that Affiliates of a person shall not include any entity, solely by reason of the fact that one or more of such persons employees, directors or principals serves as a member of its board of directors or similar governing body; provided, further, that with respect to Oaktree, Affiliates shall not include any portfolio operating company (as such term is understood in the private equity industry) of any member of the Oaktree Group;

Announcement has the meaning given to it in Clause 2.1; 

Annual General Meeting means any annual general meeting of the Company required to be held in accordance with section 336 of the Companies Act;

Applicable Law means all laws, regulations, directives, statutes, subordinate legislation, common law and civil codes of any jurisdiction 

(including the City Code on Takeovers and Mergers), all judgments, orders, notices, instructions, decisions and awards of any court or competent authority (including the Takeover Panel) or tribunal exercising statutory or delegated powers and all codes of practice having force of law, statutory guidance and policy notes, in each case to the extent applicable to the Parties or any of them;

Articles means the articles of association of the Company;

Board means the board of Directors from time to time;

Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are open for general business in New York and London;

Companies Act means the Companies Act 2006;

Continuing Nominees has the meaning given to it in Clause 3.1.1;

control means in relation to a body corporate (company A), the power of a person (P) to secure:

(a)by means of the holding of shares or the possession of voting power in relation to that or any other body corporate; or

(b)as a result of any powers conferred by the articles of association or other document regulating that or any other body corporate,

that the affairs of company A are conducted in accordance with Ps wishes; 

and controlled and controlling shall be construed accordingly;

Current Voting Rights has the meaning given to it in Clause 5.1; 

Director means a director of the Company;

DTRs means the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules of the FCA;

FCA means the Financial Conduct Authority of the United Kingdom;

FSMA means the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000;

Group means the Company and its subsidiary undertakings from time to time and a member of the Group means any one of them;

Interest means, in relation to Shares, any interest in Shares including by way of ownership, the right to exercise or direct the exercise of the Voting Rights attaching to Shares, any agreement to purchase, option or derivative giving the right to acquire or call for delivery of Shares or which obliges the holder to take delivery of Shares, and any derivative whose value is determined by reference to the price of Shares and which results or may result in the holder having a long position in Shares;

Nasdaq Listing Rules means the rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market;

18#NUM_PAGES#

Nomination Committee means the nomination committee of the Board;

Oaktree Group has the meaning given to it in Clause 3.5.1; 

Oaktree Individuals Knowledge means the actual knowledge of each of Steven Tesoriere and Andrew West, including the knowledge that each would obtain after due and careful inquiry;

Operational Committee means the operational committee of the Board;

Ordinary Course Resolution means a resolution of the Company proposed by the Board at an Annual General Meeting of the Company in relation to:

(c)receiving and adopting the Directors report;

(d)the annual retirement and re-election of any Director in accordance with article 78 of the Articles;

(e)appointing or re-appointing the Companys auditors and/or registered public accounting firm;

(f)authorising the audit committee of the Company to determine the remuneration of the Companys auditors;

(g)authorising the allotment of shares in the Company in accordance with section 551 of the Companies Act, subject to such authority being in accordance with market practice (including any Investment Association guidelines) as at the proposed date for such resolution for companies incorporated in England and Wales that are listed on the Official List and that are traded on the London Stock Exchanges main market for listed securities;

(h)authorising the Directors to allot equity securities for cash pursuant to section 570 of the Companies Act, subject to the maximum level of disapplication being over (i) 5% of the Companys issued share capital for use on an unrestricted basis; and (ii) an additional authority over a further 5% of the Companys issued share capital for use in connection with an acquisition or specified capital investment announced at the same time as the issue, or which has taken place in the six month period preceding the announcement of the issue;

(i)authorising the Company for the purposes of section 693 of the Companies Act to make market purchases of its Shares;

(j)payment of a final or interim cash dividend; or

(k)authorising the Company to call a general meeting of the Company other than an Annual General Meeting on not less than 14 clear days notice;

Regulation FD means Regulation Fair Disclosure rules of the SEC. 

19#NUM_PAGES#

Representation has the meaning given to it in Clause 8.2; 

Schedule 13D/A has the meaning given to it in Clause 2.2; 

SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission; 

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933 (as amended); 

Shareholder means a holder of Shares;

Shares means the ordinary shares of the Company;

UK Listing Rules means the Listing Rules of the FCA made under Part 6 of the FSMA as modified from time to time and UK Listing Rule or UKLR means any one of them;

UK MAR means assimilated Regulation EU No 596/2014 as it forms part of the law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018); and

Voting Rights means the rights attaching to Shares or any other securities issued by the Company to vote at general meetings of the Company on all, or substantially all, matters and any direct or indirect rights to control the exercise of such voting rights.

2.INTERPRETATION

2.1Statutory references

A reference to an enactment or statutory provision shall include a reference to any subordinate legislation made under the relevant enactment or statutory provision and is a reference to that enactment, statutory provision or subordinate legislation as from time to time amended, modified, incorporated or reproduced and to any enactment, statutory provision or subordinate legislation that from time to time (with or without modifications) re-enacts, replaces, consolidates, incorporates or reproduces it.

2.2References to the singular etc.

Save where the context otherwise requires, the singular includes the plural and vice versa and reference to any gender includes a reference to all other genders.

2.3Headings

Save where the context otherwise requires, headings and the use of bold typeface shall be ignored.

2.4Defined terms

In this Agreement, words and expressions defined in the Acts shall bear the same meaning as in the Acts unless expressly provided otherwise.

20#NUM_PAGES#

2.5References to a person

Save where the context otherwise requires, a reference to a person includes a reference to a firm, a body corporate, an unincorporated association or to a persons executors or administrators.

2.6Writing

Save where the context otherwise requires, references to writing shall include any typewriting, printing, lithography, photography and any other modes of representing or reproducing words in a legible and non-transitory form and documents and information sent or supplied in electronic form are in writing for the purpose of this Agreement;

2.7References to agreements

Save where the context otherwise requires, references in this Agreement to any other agreement or other instrument (other than an enactment or statutory provision) shall be deemed to be references to such agreement or instrument as from time to time amended, varied, supplemented, substituted, novated or assigned.

2.8Meaning of includes and including includes and including shall be construed without limitation.

21#NUM_PAGES#

This Agreement has been executed as a deed and is delivered on the date shown above

EXECUTED as a DEED by )

INDIVIOR PLC acting by )

) Signature: 

) Director 

In the presence of:

Signature of witness: 

Name of witness: 

Address: 

Occupation: 

22#NUM_PAGES#

EXECUTED as a DEED by OAKTREE VALUEOPPORTUNITIESFUND, L.P.

By: Oaktree Value Opportunities Fund GP, L.P.

Its: General Partner

By: Oaktree Value Opportunities Fund GP Ltd.

Its: General Partner

By: Oaktree Capital Management, L.P.

Its: Director

By: __________________________

Name: Andrew West

Title: Managing Director

By: __________________________

Name: Steve Tesoriere

Title: Managing Director and Co-Portfolio Manager

23#NUM_PAGES#

EXECUTED as a DEED by OAKTREE LONDON LIQUID VALUE OPPORTUNITIES FUND (VOF), L.P.

By: Oaktree London Liquid Value Opportunities Fund (VOF) GP, L.P.

Its: General Partner

By: Oaktree London Liquid Value Opportunities GP Ltd.

Its: General Partner

By: Oaktree Capital Management, L.P.

Its: Director

By: __________________________

Name: Andrew West

Title: Managing Director

By: __________________________

Name: Steve Tesoriere

Title: Managing Director and Co-Portfolio Manager

24#NUM_PAGES#

EXECUTED as a DEED by OAKTREE PHOENIX INVESTMENT FUND, L.P. 

By: Oaktree Phoenix Investment Fund GP, L.P.

Its: General Partner

By: Oaktree Phoenix Investment Fund GP Ltd.

Its: General Partner

By: Oaktree Capital Management, L.P.

Its: Director

By: __________________________

Name: Andrew West

Title: Managing Director

By: __________________________

Name: Steve Tesoriere

Title: Managing Director and Co-Portfolio Manager

25#NUM_PAGES#

EXECUTED as a DEED by BOSTON PATRIOT ARLINGTON ST LLC 

By: Oaktree Capital Management, L.P.

Its: Investment Manager

By: __________________________

Name: Andrew West

Title: Managing Director

By: __________________________

Name: Steve Tesoriere

Title: Managing Director and Co-Portfolio Manager

26#NUM_PAGES#
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex102-jciaffoniemploymenta.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
Document

Execution Copy

Without Prejudice & Subject to Contract

Exhibit 10.2

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This Employment Agreement (this Agreement), dated as of March 3, 2025, is made and entered into by Indivior Inc. (the Company) and Joseph Ciaffoni (Executive).

In consideration of the mutual promises set forth below and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which the parties acknowledge, the Company and Executive agree as follows:

1.Employment and Term. The Company hereby employs Executive and Executive hereby accepts employment on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. Executives employment hereunder shall begin on a date to be agreed between the parties that is no later than August 1, 2025 conditional upon the shareholders of Indivior (as defined in Section 2.1) approving a revised Remuneration Policy (as defined in Section 3.9) that is consistent with the terms of this Agreement prior to that date (the Effective Date) and shall continue until terminated earlier in accordance with Section 5 (Termination of Employment) (such period of employment, the Term). Executives employment shall be at-will at all times, subject to the terms and conditions hereunder.

2.Position, Duties, and Performance.

2.1Position. Executive shall serve as the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Indivior plc, the parent of the Company (Indivior), and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Group Companies) and have such responsibilities and authority customary for such position. Executive shall report directly to the Board of Directors of Indivior (the Board of Directors).

2.2Place of Work. Executives primary workplace shall be a hybrid location arrangement with on average three days per week at the Companys offices in Richmond, Virginia and the balance at a remote office of his choosing. Executive understands that Executives duties will require periodic travel, which may be substantial at times.

2.3Performance. Executive shall devote substantially all of Executives working time and use Executives best efforts, knowledge and experience to perform successfully Executives duties and advance the interests of the Company and its affiliates. Executive shall perform Executives duties in compliance with this Agreement and all applicable laws and Company policies and practices, including completing and/or signing all required Company certifications and/or training.

1

US-LEGAL-13322490/30 168111-0003

Execution Copy

Without Prejudice & Subject to Contract

2.4Other Activities. During the Term, without the prior written consent of the Company, the Executive shall not (i) render services of a business, professional, or commercial nature to any other person or entity, or (ii) engage, directly or indirectly, in any other business activity (whether or not for compensation) that might interfere with Executives duties hereunder, create a conflict with the Company or any of its affiliates, or violate the Non-Competition Agreement (as defined below). Executive shall be permitted to engage in civic, charitable, or community services, and subject to prior approval of the Board of Directors, may be permitted to take on one outside board role, in each case subject to Executives obligations hereunder, including under the Non-Competition Agreement. To the extent that this Section 2.4 conflicts with Company policy, this Agreement shall control.

2.5Directorship. Executive will, subject to any necessary shareholder approvals, serve on the Board of Directors as a director of Indivior without additional compensation and, if requested by Indivior or the Board of Directors, will hold office as a director of any affiliates of Indivior without additional compensation. Executive must resign immediately from any such office without a claim for compensation upon the request of the Company or its Board of Directors, upon the commencement of a period of garden leave, or upon termination of employment for any reason.

2.6No Conflicts. Executive represents and warrants that Executives execution of this Agreement, employment with the Company, and performance of Executives duties hereunder will not violate any obligations Executive may have to any other person, entity, or prior employer, including any obligations with respect to proprietary or confidential information of any other person or entity.

3.Compensation and Benefits.

3.1Base Salary. Executives annual base salary for all services rendered hereunder shall be $1,050,000 (the Base Salary), payable in accordance with the Companys policies, procedures and practices as in effect from time to time. The Base Salary may be increased at the sole and absolute discretion of the Board of Directors of the Company (or a duly authorized committee) during the Term.

3.2Bonus. Executive shall be eligible for an annual cash bonus targeted at 100% of the Base Salary, up to a maximum of 200% of the Base Salary (an Annual Bonus). The actual amount of any Annual Bonus will be determined by the Company based on the 

2

US-LEGAL-13322490/30 168111-0003

Execution Copy

Without Prejudice & Subject to Contract

achievement of individual and Company goals established by the Company at the beginning of each calendar year. Any Annual Bonus will be paid by March 15 of the following calendar year. Except as set forth in Section 6.2 (Severance Upon Termination without Cause or for Good Reason) or Section 6.3 (Bonus Upon Death or Disability), Executive must be employed with the Company on the date the bonus is paid in order to be eligible to receive an Annual Bonus. Eligibility for and payment of an Annual Bonus shall be subject to all terms and conditions as the Company may set forth from time to time in any written policy or plan, including any policy or plan governing bonuses or incentive compensation of any type, which shall be made available to Executive.

3.3Vacation. Executive shall be entitled to 25 days of paid vacation per calendar year (pro-rated for the first year of employment) subject to the terms and conditions of the Company vacation policy. In the event of a conflict between the Company vacation policy and this Agreement the terms of this Agreement shall apply. Unused vacation days for a year may be rolled over and used by Executive before March 30th of the following year. Any accrued but unused vacation days at the time of Executives termination of employment shall be paid to Executive. Any vacation shall be taken at the reasonable and mutual convenience of the Company and Executive.

3.4Business Expenses. Executive shall be reimbursed for all reasonable and necessary business expenses actually incurred by Executive in performing services under this Agreement in accordance with the applicable Company policies and practices as in effect from time to time. Any taxable reimbursement due under the terms of this Agreement shall be paid no later than December 31 of the year after the year in which the expense is incurred and shall comply with Treas. Reg. 1.409A-3(i)(1)(iv). The Company may provide Executive use of a corporate credit card for business expenses. Executive may not use any Company-issued corporate credit cards for personal expenses. Any personal expenses charged to a Company-issued corporate credit card must be paid by Executive prior to the date of Executives employment termination. Executive shall pay the Companys reasonable costs and expenses, including attorneys fees, that the Company incurs to enforce Executives obligations under this Section 3.4. The Company will reimburse Executive up to $15,000 for the attorneys fees incurred by him in connection with his review and negotiation of this Agreement and documents referenced herein, with payment directed to the law firm engaged by Executive following the Companys receipt of an invoice reflecting the amount due.

3

US-LEGAL-13322490/30 168111-0003

Execution Copy

Without Prejudice & Subject to Contract

3.5Long Term Incentive Plan. 

(a)The Company will offer Executive a Long Term Incentive Plan (LTIP) opportunity to become a shareholder in Indivior and share in its financial success. The regular LTIP awards shall be granted with respect to shares of Indivior (Shares) in the amounts as follows:

(i)2025 LTIP Award: Executive shall not receive a regular LTIP award for 2025. The On-Hire Award (as described in Section 3.7) shall be in lieu of such annual award.

(ii)2026 LTIP Award: Executives annual award for 2026 shall have an on-target grant-date value of 400% of the Base Salary as in effect on the date of grant. 

(iii)2027 LTIP Award: Executives annual award shall have an on-target grant-date value of 700% of the Base Salary as in effect on the date of grant.

(iv)2028 LTIP Award and all subsequent years: Executive will be eligible to participate in the LTIP program and the amount of the LTIP Award will be determined by the Board of Directors. The Company agrees that the on-target grant-date value of the 2028 LTIP Award and all subsequent years shall not be less than 700% of the Base Salary as in effect on the date of grant.

The terms and conditions of the 2026 LTIP, 2027 LTIP and subsequent year awards, including the Shares issuable thereunder, shall be approved by the Board of Directors or a duly authorized committee in its sole and absolute discretion. The 2026 LTIP and 2027 LTIP awards will each consist of 70% Performance Stock Units (PSUs) that will vest over a three year period subject to Company and Share price performance targets and competitive benchmarking established by the Board of Directors or a duly authorized committee, subject to Executives continued employment with the Company through the vesting date (except as provided in Section 6), and 30% Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) vesting ratably over three years from the grant date subject to Executives continued employment with the Company through the respective vesting dates (except as provided in Section 6). 

3.6Other Benefits. The Executive will be eligible to participate in all employee benefit plans, practices, and programs maintained or participated in by the Company and made available to similarly situated employees generally, which may include retirement, profit sharing, savings, health, hospitalization, disability, dental, life or travel accident insurance benefit plans, and sick leave, in accordance with the terms of such plans, practices, and programs as in effect from time to 

4

US-LEGAL-13322490/30 168111-0003

Execution Copy

Without Prejudice & Subject to Contract

time. The Executive will not be eligible to participate in a benefit plan, practice or program where a similar benefit is provided in this Agreement.

3.7On-Hire Award. 

(a)Within 30 days following the Effective Date (or if the Company is not in an open period in that window, at the next open period), the Company will grant Executive an equity award in the form of PSUs with a grant-date value of 12 times the initial Base Salary, subject to a cap of 1.575 million Shares, and RSUs with a grant-date value of four times the initial Base Salary subject to a cap of 525,000 shares (On-Hire Award). The grant-date values shall be calculated using the volume-weighted average price (VWAP) for the 30-day period prior to the Effective Date. The RSUs granted as part of the On-Hire Award shall cliff-vest on the third anniversary of the Effective Date subject to Executives continued employment with the Company through the vesting date (except as provided in Section 6). The PSUs granted as part of the On-Hire Award shall not be capable of vesting in the period of 12 months from the Effective Date (except in connection with a Change of Control) and thereafter shall vest in accordance with achievement of the VWAP Condition, subject to Executives continued employment with the Company on the date(s) that the VWAP Condition is met (except as provided in Section 6). Subject to the sale or withholding of any vested Shares to satisfy applicable tax obligations, Executive may not sell, transfer, assign, pledge, charge or otherwise dispose of any vested Shares received with respect to the PSUs for a period of 12 months following the respective vesting date. 

(i)SharePrice means the closing trading price per Share as reported by the Nasdaq Stock Market (or other market on which the shares are primarily traded). 

(ii)VWAP Condition means the achievement of the applicable VWAP during any period of thirty (30) consecutive trading days following the one year anniversary of the Effective Date (or on the date of a Change of Control (as defined in Section 6.2(f))) and prior to the fifth anniversary of the Effective Date as set forth in the table below; provided that, in the event of a Change of Control, the per-Share price consideration received by the Companys shareholders in such Change in Control shall be used in lieu of the VWAP to determine the achievement of the VWAP Condition as of the date of the Change in Control and any Shares that do not vest upon such Change in Control shall lapse and be forfeited: 

VWAP Percentage of PSUs to Vest

$15.00 30%

5

US-LEGAL-13322490/30 168111-0003

Execution Copy

Without Prejudice & Subject to Contract

$20.00 20%

$25.00 20%

$30.00 15%

$35.00 15%

If a VWAP is achieved on a vesting date, there shall be no further vesting in respect of that VWAP on any subsequent vesting date. In the event of a Change of Control (as defined in Section 6.2(f)) including (without limitation) any Change of Control that occurs during the twelve-month period immediately following the Effective Date, where the Share Price is between the values set forth in the table, the percentages of PSUs eligible to vest will be determined by linear interpolation (rounded down to the nearest whole share) between such two VWAP targets. 

3.8Accommodation, Travel and Car. The Company will provide, pay for or reimburse Executive for suitable accommodation near the Companys headquarters in Virginia when he is required for business purposes to be in such location, a company car and reasonably incurred travel expenses between Executives remote office and the Companys headquarters for the Term. Where the Company provides accommodation or a company car, Company shall have sole responsibility for the maintenance, operation, insurance and costs associated with such accommodation and car. The Company shall be responsible for any federal, state, and local income or employment taxes, if any, arising in connection with the accommodation, car and travel and any consequential taxable reimbursement shall be paid no later than December 31 of the calendar year after the calendar year in which Executive remits the taxes. The provision of accommodation, car and travel support and any tax thereon shall be subject to a maximum annual cost to the Company to be determined by the Board of Directors (or a duly authorized committee) from time to time based on actual anticipated expenses.

3.9Remuneration Policy. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, Executive acknowledges and agrees that the payment of any amount or provision of any benefit to him is conditional upon such payment or provision being consistent with the directors remuneration policy of the Company most recently approved by shareholders in accordance with section 439A of the Companies Act 2006 (Remuneration Policy). Any provision of this Agreement that is not consistent with the Remuneration Policy shall be void and the Executive 

6

US-LEGAL-13322490/30 168111-0003

Execution Copy

Without Prejudice & Subject to Contract

shall have no entitlement to compensation or damages in respect of any loss suffered in consequence thereof. 

4.Confidentiality, Proprietary Rights and Non-Competition Agreement. As part of the consideration for the compensation and benefits to be paid to Executive hereunder, and as additional incentive for the Company to enter into this Agreement, Executive agrees to execute and to abide by the Confidentiality, Proprietary Rights and Non-Competition Agreement (the Non-Competition Agreement) attached hereto as Exhibit A, which Non-Competition Agreement shall also commence on the Effective Date.

5.Termination of Employment. Executives employment may be terminated in accordance with the provisions of this Section 5.

5.1Termination by the Company. The Company may terminate Executives employment immediately at any time, with or without Cause, by written notice to Executive. Cause means a reasonable and good faith determination by the Company that:

(a)the Executives gross negligence or willful insubordination or a material breach of the Companys policies and procedures (other than such policies set for in Section 5.1(b) below), which failure is not cured, if capable of being cured, within thirty (30) days after a written demand for cure is received by the Executive from the Company which specifically identifies the manner in which the Company believes the Executive has violated the provisions of this subsection;

(b)the Executive has materially breached the Companys Code of Conduct, its Equal Opportunity and Anti-Harassment policies, or compliance policies (including the Code of Business Conduct, the Anti-Bribery Policy, the Competition Law Compliance Manual and the Global Policy on Healthcare Business Ethics);

(c)the Executive has been indicted for, convicted of, or entered a plea of guilty or nolo contendere to, a felony or any other crime involving fraud, dishonesty, theft, breach of trust or moral turpitude;

(d)the Executive has willfully engaged in conduct which results in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, material injury to the Companys financial condition, reputation, or ability to do business;

(e)the Executive has materially breached this Agreement, the Non-Competition Agreement, or any other agreement with the Company, which breach is not cured, if capable of being cured, within thirty (30) days after a written demand for cure is received by the Executive from the Company which specifically identifies the manner in which the Company believes the Executive has breached the agreement at issue;

7

US-LEGAL-13322490/30 168111-0003

Execution Copy

Without Prejudice & Subject to Contract

(f)the Executive has violated state, United States federal or United Kingdom securities laws or regulations; or

(g)the Executive has willfully failed to cooperate with a bona fide internal investigation or an investigation by regulatory or law enforcement authorities, after being instructed by the Company to cooperate, willfully destroyed or failed to preserve documents or other materials relevant to such investigation, or willfully induced others to fail to cooperate or to produce documents or other materials in connection with such investigation.

5.2Termination by Executive without Good Reason. Executive may terminate Executives employment with the Company at any time without Good Reason upon at least sixty (60) days advance written notice to the Company. During such notice period, Executive shall continue to perform all of Executives duties in accordance with the provisions hereunder. The Company shall have the option, at its sole discretion, to require Executive to work remotely during the notice period or make Executives termination effective at any time prior to the end of such notice period.

5.3Termination by Executive for Good Reason. Executive may terminate Executives employment for Good Reason in accordance with this Section 5.3. Good Reason means (a) a material diminution in the Executives authority, duties, or responsibilities without Executives consent; provided, however, that if there is Change in Control (as defined below) or other corporate restructuring, Executive shall not have Good Reason solely on account of Executive holding materially the same position in the surviving legal entity or business unit as Executive held before such Change in Control or other restructuring, even if now part of a larger company or conglomerate; (b) a reduction in the Executives Base Salary or a material reduction in the Executives on-target Annual Bonus opportunity; (c) a change by the Company in the hybrid work location arrangement, without Executives consent; (d) a change by the Company in the location at which the Executive is required to perform Executives principal duties for the Company to a new location that is more than two hundred and seventy five (275) miles from the location at which the Executive performed Executives principal duties for the Company immediately prior to such change and that is not in the Eastern time zone, without Executives consent; (e) a change by the Company in the location at which the Executive is required to perform Executives principal duties for the Company to a new location that is more than two hundred and seventy five (275) miles from the location at which the Executive performed Executives principal duties for the Company immediately prior to such change and that is in the Eastern time zone, without Executives consent (not to be unreasonably 

8

US-LEGAL-13322490/30 168111-0003

Execution Copy

Without Prejudice & Subject to Contract

withheld); or (f) a material breach by the Company of this Agreement; provided, however, that in the case of clauses (a), (b), (c), (d), (e) or (f), (i) Executive provides written notice to the Company objecting to the existence of a condition for Good Reason within forty-five (45) days of the initial existence thereof, (ii) the Company has thirty (30) days after receipt of such notice to cure the condition for Good Reason and fails to do so, and (iii) Executive terminates Executives employment within thirty (30) days of the expiration of such cure period. For the avoidance of doubt, failure of the shareholders to approve the Remuneration Policy as described in Section 3.8 shall not constitute Good Reason.

5.4Termination on Account of Death or Disability. Executives employment will terminate automatically upon the death of Executive and the Company may terminate the Executives employment upon the Executives Disability. Disability shall mean a physical or mental illness, impairment, or infirmity (other than an absence from work on an approved paternity leave) which renders the Executive unable to perform the essential functions of Executives position, including Executives duties under this Agreement, with reasonable accommodation, for at least one hundred and twenty (120) consecutive days or for shorter periods aggregating one hundred and eighty (180) days during any three hundred and sixty-five (365) day period.

6.Compensation and Benefits Upon Termination.

6.1In General. Upon termination of Executives employment for any reason, Executive shall be entitled to receive payment of Executives accrued but unpaid Base Salary, vacation and any other amounts or benefits, including expenses incurred before termination and eligible for reimbursement under Section 3.4 (Business Expenses), in which Executive is entitled through the date of termination in accordance with the provisions hereunder and the employee benefit plans in which Executive participates.

6.2Severance Upon Termination without Cause or for Good Reason.

(a)If Executives employment is terminated by the Company without Cause or Executive terminates Executives employment for Good Reason, subject to the provisions of Section 6.4 (Release) and Section 6.5 (Forfeiture/Conditions), Executive shall be entitled to receive (i) Base Salary continuation for the Severance Period (as defined below), payable in accordance with the Companys regular payroll schedule during the Severance Period and (ii) an amount equal to Executives target Annual Bonus for the Severance Period (using the target from 

9

US-LEGAL-13322490/30 168111-0003

Execution Copy

Without Prejudice & Subject to Contract

the year of termination), payable in substantially equal installments over the Severance Period (clauses (i) and (ii) collectively, the Severance Payments).

(b)If Executives employment is terminated by the Company without Cause or Executive terminates Executives employment for Good Reason, subject to the provisions of Section 6.4 (Release) and Section 6.5 (Forfeiture/Conditions), Executive shall be entitled to continue participating in the Companys health benefits for the Severance Period (the Severance Benefits), as follows: (i) such continued benefits shall be subject to Executives timely election of continuation coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended; (ii) the Company will pay the company contribution and administrative charge and Executive shall be required to pay the active employee contribution; (iii) Executives right to receive further Severance Benefits shall terminate if and when Executive secures alternative health benefits from a new employer, of which Executive shall promptly notify the Company; and (iv) the Company shall be required to provide the Severance Benefits only to the extent that the Company continues offering an employee health benefits plan and the Company is not required to provide post-termination coverage to other employees to avoid a violation of applicable nondiscrimination requirements.

(c)If Executives employment is terminated by the Company without Cause or Executive terminates Executives employment for Good Reason in each case other than during the period beginning three months prior to the date of a Change in Control (as defined below) and ending 12 months following the date of a Change in Control, subject to the provisions of Section 6.4 (Release) and Section 6.5 (Forfeiture/Conditions), (i) Executives outstanding RSUs shall be reduced pro rata for the period from the end of the Severance Period until the originally scheduled vesting date (i.e. there will be an additional 18 months of vesting as of the date of termination), shall lapse as to the balance, and vested RSUs shall be settled within 30 days following the termination date; (ii) Executives outstanding PSUs that are not granted as part of the On-Hire Award shall remain subject to performance achievement targets and any other vesting conditions to be measured over the originally scheduled performance period or, if earlier, to the date 18 months following the termination date, with the number of PSUs that vest reduced pro rata at such time for the period from the end of the Severance Period until the originally scheduled vesting date (i.e. there will be an additional 18 months of vesting opportunity as of the termination date) and settled within 30 days following the date the performance achievement targets are measured, and any unvested PSUs shall lapse and be forfeited at the end of the Severance Period; and (iii) Executives outstanding PSUs granted as part of the On-Hire Award shall remain outstanding and shall be capable of vesting to the extent that the VWAP Condition and any other vesting conditions are achieved in the period of 18 months following the termination date (i.e. there will be an additional 18 months of vesting opportunity following the termination date). Any vested PSUs shall be settled within 30 days following the date(s) that the applicable VWAP Condition is met. Any unvested PSUs at the end of the 18-month Severance Period shall lapse and be forfeited at the end of such period. 

10

US-LEGAL-13322490/30 168111-0003

Execution Copy

Without Prejudice & Subject to Contract

(d)If Executives employment is terminated by the Company without Cause or Executive terminates Executives employment for Good Reason in each case during the period beginning three months prior to the date of a Change in Control (as defined below) and ending 12 months following the date of a Change in Control, (i) Executives outstanding RSUs shall vest in full (i.e. without any pro rata reduction as of the termination date), and shall be settled within 30 days following the termination date; and (ii) (a) Executives outstanding PSUs that are not granted as part of the On-Hire Award that are subject to operational or financial metrics of the Company shall be vested as of the termination date at on-target vesting, and (b) Executives outstanding PSUs that are not granted as part of the On-Hire Award that are subject to conditions relating to share price or shareholder return will vest by reference to the per Share price consideration payable upon the Change of Control. All such outstanding PSUs that vest pursuant (ii) (a) and (b) shall be settled within 30 days following the termination date and any unvested PSUs shall lapse and be forfeited; provided further, however, if following a Change of Control, the Shares remain listed on a United States national securities exchange, the remaining PSUs subject to conditions relating to share price or shareholder return that have not vested as of the termination date shall remain outstanding and shall be capable of vesting to the extent the applicable share price or shareholder return condition and any other vesting conditions are achieved in the period of 24 months following the termination date (i.e. there will be an additional 24 months of vesting opportunity following the termination date). Any vested PSUs from the preceding sentence shall be settled within 30 days following the date(s) that the applicable share price or shareholder return condition or other vesting condition is met and any unvested PSUs at the end of the 24-month Severance Period shall lapse and be forfeited at the end of such period.

(e)The Severance Period shall be eighteen (18) months following the termination of Executives employment, provided however that, in the case of a termination of Executives employment during the period beginning three months prior to the date of a Change in Control and ending twelve (12) months following the date of a Change in Control by the Company without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason, the Severance Period shall be twenty-four (24) months following the termination of Executives employment.

(f)A Change in Control means, and shall occur if:

(i)the Company consummates, in a single or any series of related transactions, a merger, consolidation, share exchange or other reorganization or similar transaction with any other corporation, person, or group of affiliated persons, other than a transaction:

(1)that results in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity) a majority of the combined voting power of the Companys, 

11

US-LEGAL-13322490/30 168111-0003

Execution Copy

Without Prejudice & Subject to Contract

or the surviving entitys, as applicable, outstanding securities;

(2)whereby the persons controlling (directly or indirectly) the casting of the majority of the voting rights attaching to the Companys voting securities immediately prior thereto continue to control the casting of the majority of the voting rights attaching to the Companys, or the surviving entitys, as applicable, outstanding securities after the applicable transaction; or

(3)whereby the persons exercising the direct or indirect right or power to remove directors of the Company holding a majority of the voting rights at meetings of the relevant board immediately prior thereto continue to exercise such direct or indirect right or power to remove directors of the Company (or of the surviving entity, as applicable) holding a majority of the voting rights at meetings of the relevant board after the applicable transaction;

(ii)the Company sells all or substantially all of the Companys assets; or

(iii)Indivior consummates a transaction of the type described in clause (i) or (ii).

Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction shall not constitute a Change in Control if: (x) its primary purpose is to change the jurisdiction of the Companys or Indiviors, as applicable, jurisdiction of incorporation; or (y) its primary purpose is to create a holding company that will be owned in substantially the same proportions by the persons who held the Companys or Indiviors, as applicable, voting securities immediately before such transaction.

6.3Bonus Upon Death or Disability. If Executives employment is terminated on account of Executives death or Disability, Executive shall receive a pro-rata portion of the Annual Bonus Executive would have received for the year of termination based on the number of days Executive was employed from the start of the applicable calendar year until the date of termination, payable at the same time bonuses are paid to other employees.

6.4Release. Executives rights to the Severance Payments and the Severance Benefits are conditioned upon Executive executing and not revoking a valid release agreement in substantially the 

12

US-LEGAL-13322490/30 168111-0003

Execution Copy

Without Prejudice & Subject to Contract

form attached hereto as Exhibit B (the Release), within the time periods set forth therein, releasing the Company and its affiliates, employees, officers and directors from any and all liability in connection with Executives employment or termination of employment. Any Severance Payments due for the period after termination and before the Release becomes effective shall be paid with the first payment after the Release becomes effective. If the period during which Executive has discretion to execute or revoke the Release straddles two calendar years, the Company shall make payments conditioned on the Release no earlier than January 1st of the second calendar year, regardless of which year the Release becomes effective.

6.5Forfeiture/Conditions. Executives rights to the Severance Payments and the Severance Benefits are conditioned on (i) Executive completing and/or signing all Company certifications as required by the Company, including the I&C Compliance Certification and (ii) Executives compliance with Section 9.2 and the Non-Competition Agreement, including Executives non-competition and non-solicitation obligations under Section 5 of the Non-Competition Agreement. In the event the Company discovers such facts or Executive fails to comply with such obligations, the Companys obligation to pay Executive any additional Severance Payments or provide any additional Severance Benefits shall cease immediately and Executive shall promptly refund any Severance Payments and Severance Benefits previously paid by the Company. The Companys rights under this Section 6.5 shall be full recourse and shall be in addition to its rights under Section 9.3 (Recoupment). The Company shall have the right to offset Executives obligations under this Section 6.5 against any amounts otherwise owed to Executive from the Company or its subsidiaries.

6.6No Additional Compensation or Benefits. Executive is not entitled to receive any compensation or benefits from the Company upon Executives termination except as set forth in this Agreement. Moreover, the terms and conditions afforded Executive under this Agreement are in lieu of any severance payments or benefits to which Executive otherwise might be entitled pursuant to any severance plan, policy and practice of the Company.

7.Insurance and Indemnification. The Company shall indemnify Executive as provided under the Companys Deed Poll of Indemnity (as if Executive were an indemnifiable person under such Deed Poll) to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain directors and officers liability insurance during the Term in amounts and on terms reasonable and customary for similarly situated 

13

US-LEGAL-13322490/30 168111-0003

Execution Copy

Without Prejudice & Subject to Contract

companies, and Executive shall be covered by such insurance on the same basis as other executive officers of the Company.

8.Notices. All notices, requests, demands and other communications required or permitted to be given in writing pursuant to this Agreement shall be deemed given and received: (a) upon delivery if delivered personally; (b) on the next day after being deposited with a reliable overnight delivery service; or (c) upon receipt of an answer back confirmation, if transmitted by facsimile, addressed to the below indicated facsimile number (if any). Notice given in another manner shall be effective only if and when received by the addressee. For purposes of notice, the addresses and facsimile number (if any) of the parties shall be as follows:

If to the Company, to: Chief of Human Resources Officer

10710 Midlothian Turnpike, Suite #125

Richmond, VA 23235

With a copy to: Chief Legal Officer

10710 Midlothian Turnpike, Suite #125

Richmond, VA 23235

If to Executive, to the address set forth on the signature page hereto or such other address on the personnel records of the Company.

provided that: (i) each party shall have the right to change its address for notice, and the person who is to receive notice, by the giving of fifteen (15) days prior written notice to the other party in the manner set forth above; and (ii) notices shall be effective if given to the other party in the manner set forth above regardless of whether a copy was received by the additional addressee specified above.

9.Rights and Obligations Upon Termination.

9.1Survival. This Agreement, and all obligations of the Company and Executive hereunder, will terminate upon the termination of Executives employment, with the following exceptions: (a) Executives continuing obligations under Section 4 (Confidentiality, Proprietary Rights and Non-Competition Agreement) and the Non-Competition Agreement; (b) any amounts payable and benefits to be provided by the Company as set forth in Section 6; (c) Executives rights to indemnification under Section 7 (Insurance and Indemnification); and (d) the relevant provisions of Section 8 (Notices), this Section 9 (Rights and Obligations Upon Termination), Section 10 (Governing Law and Dispute Resolution), Section 11 (Withholding and Section 409A), and Section 12 (Miscellaneous Provisions).

9.2Transition. In the event of termination of Executives employment other than in connection with Executives death, 

14

US-LEGAL-13322490/30 168111-0003

Execution Copy

Without Prejudice & Subject to Contract

Executive agrees to cooperate with the Company in order to ensure an orderly transfer of Executives duties and responsibilities.

9.3Recoupment. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, any payments or benefits paid or due to Executive by the Company or any Group Company under this or any other agreement shall be subject to any recoupment or clawback policy adopted by the Company or any Group Company from time to time, and to any requirement of applicable law, obligation of the Company or any of its affiliates to any government entity, agency or regulator, or listing standard that requires the Company to recoup or clawback any such payments or benefits. The Companys rights under this Section 9.3 shall be full recourse and shall be in addition to its rights under Section 6.5 (Forfeiture/Conditions). The Company shall have the right to offset Executives obligations under this Section 9.3 against any amounts otherwise owed to Executive from the Company or its affiliates (including any amounts held in escrow for Executive). The Executive further agrees to execute any such additional documents as the Company deems reasonably necessary to give effect to the foregoing.

10.Governing Law and Dispute Resolution.

10.1Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to or application of choice-of-law rules or principles, and without regard to the place of execution or the place of performance thereof.

10.2Venue. The parties agree that any legal proceeding, commenced by one party against the other, shall be brought in any state or federal court having proper jurisdiction within the State of Delaware. Both parties submit to such jurisdiction, and waive any objection to venue and/or claim of inconvenient forum.

10.3Equitable Relief; Rights and Remedies. Nothing in this Agreement shall limit the rights of the Company to seek equitable relief in the event of a breach or threatened breach of the Non-Competition Agreement. No right, power or remedy conferred upon a party in this Agreement shall be exclusive, and each such right, power and remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to every other right, power, or remedy, whether conferred in this Agreement, the Non-Competition Agreement, or any other agreement, or now or hereafter available at law or in equity or by statute or otherwise.

15

US-LEGAL-13322490/30 168111-0003

Execution Copy

Without Prejudice & Subject to Contract

11.Withholding and Section 409A.

11.1Withholding. All amounts paid under this Agreement shall be paid less all applicable tax withholdings and any other withholdings required by law or authorized by Executive.

11.2Section 409A. The parties intend that the provisions of this Agreement comply with or be exempt from Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations thereunder (collectively, Section 409A) and all provisions of this Agreement shall be construed in a manner consistent with the requirements for avoiding taxes or penalties under Section 409A. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement shall be interpreted or construed to transfer any liability for any tax (including a tax or penalty due as a result of a failure to comply with Section 409A) from Executive to the Company or to any other individual or entity. A termination of employment shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any provision of this Agreement providing for the payment of any amounts or benefits upon or following a termination of employment unless such termination also constitutes a Separation from Service within the meaning of Section 409A and, for purposes of any such provision of this Agreement, references to a termination, termination of employment, separation from service or like terms shall mean Separation from Service. Each installment payment required under this Agreement shall be considered a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A. If, upon separation from service, the Executive is a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A, any payment under this Agreement that is subject to Section 409A and would otherwise be paid within six months after the Executives separation from service will instead be paid in the seventh month following the Executives separation from service (to the extent required by Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i)). Any taxable reimbursement due under the terms of this Agreement shall be paid no later than December 31 of the year after the year in which the expense is incurred and shall comply with Treas. Reg. 1.409A-3(i)(1)(iv).

12.Miscellaneous Provisions.

12.1Severability. In the event that any provision of this Agreement is found by a court, arbitrator or other tribunal having competent jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, then such provision shall not be voided, but shall be recast so as to be enforced to the maximum extent permissible under applicable law while taking into account the original intent and effect of the provision, and the remainder 

16

US-LEGAL-13322490/30 168111-0003

Execution Copy

Without Prejudice & Subject to Contract

of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. Any prohibition or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provisions in any other jurisdiction.

12.2Parties Bound. The terms, provisions, covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement shall apply to, be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective heirs, legal representatives, successors and assigns. The Company may assign this Agreement to its successors or affiliates, as in existence from time to time. Executive may not assign this Agreement. If this Agreement is assigned to another Group Company, or any other assignee, in connection with the transfer of the Executives employment to such member or other assignee, to the extent appropriate and on a going forward basis, references to Company shall be deemed replaced with references to such new employer. Executive understands and agrees that the terms of this Agreement will continue to apply to and bind Executive even if Executive is transferred at some time from Company or any of its affiliates or subsidiaries to another of Company or any of its affiliates or subsidiaries. The Executive acknowledges further that Companys affiliates, including the other Group Companies and any other permitted assignees, are intended beneficiaries of this Agreement.

12.3Entire Agreement. This Agreement, together with the Non-Competition Agreement, supersede all prior understandings and agreements, oral or written, between the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement and constitute the sole agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. Each party acknowledges that no representations, inducements, promises or agreements, oral or written, have been made by any party or by anyone acting on behalf of any party, which are not embodied in this Agreement or the Non-Competition Agreement. 

12.4Amendments; Waiver. This Agreement may not be modified, amended, or terminated except by an instrument in writing, signed by Executive and the Company. By an instrument in writing similarly executed, Executive or the Company may waive compliance by the other party with any specifically identified provision of this Agreement that such other party was or is obligated to comply with or perform; provided, however, that such waiver shall not operate as a waiver of, or estoppel with respect to, any other or subsequent failure. No failure to exercise and no delay in exercising any right, remedy, or power hereunder preclude any other or further exercise of any other right, remedy, or power provided herein or by law or in equity.

17

US-LEGAL-13322490/30 168111-0003

Execution Copy

Without Prejudice & Subject to Contract

12.5Construction. This Agreement shall be deemed drafted equally by both the Company and Executive. The headings in this Agreement are only for convenience and are not intended to affect construction or interpretation. Any references to paragraphs, subparagraphs, sections or subsections are to those parts of this Agreement, unless the context clearly indicates to the contrary. Unless the context clearly indicates to the contrary, (i) the plural includes the singular and the singular includes the plural; (ii) includes and including are each without limitation; (iii) herein, hereof, hereunder and other similar compounds of the word here refer to the entire Agreement and not to any particular paragraph, subparagraph, section or subsection; and (vi) all pronouns and any variations thereof shall be deemed to refer to the masculine, feminine, neuter, singular or plural as the identity of the entities or persons referred to may require.

12.6Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same Agreement. Signatures delivered by facsimile or electronically shall be deemed effective for all purposes.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have entered into this Employment Agreement on the date first written above.

EXECUTIVE

/s/ Joseph Ciaffoni 

Joseph Ciaffoni

Indivior Inc.

/s/ Jo LeCouilliard 

By: Jo LeCouilliard

Title: Director

18

US-LEGAL-13322490/30 168111-0003

Execution Copy

Without Prejudice & Subject to Contract

EXHIBIT A

Confidentiality, Proprietary Rights and Non-Competition Agreement

19

US-LEGAL-13322490/30 168111-0003

Execution Copy

Without Prejudice & Subject to Contract

EXHIBIT B

Form of Release

20

US-LEGAL-13322490/30 168111-0003
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>a991-pressrelease.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 99.1

Indivior Announces Further Changes to Board of Directors

Richmond, VA, March 4, 2025 - Indivior PLC (NASDAQ / LSE: INDV) ("Indivior" or the "Company") today announced that, further to the announcement on December 17, 2024 of certain Director arrangements agreed with Oaktree Capital Management L.P. ("Oaktree"), which advises certain funds that own ordinary shares of Indivior, the announcement on January 28, 2025 of the appointment of Dr. David Wheadon as Chair of the Company, the announcement on February 3, 2025 of the appointment of Daniel Ninivaggi as an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company, and the announcement on February 27, 2025 of the appointment of Joe Ciaffoni as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and following further discussions with Oaktree, the Company has agreed to make certain further changes to its Board of Directors (the "Board"):

The Company will reduce the size of its Board to seven directors as of the 2025 Annual General Meeting (AGM), each of whom will stand for re-election at the upcoming AGM;

Consistent with the Companys switch to a US primary listing in 2024, Peter Bains and Jo LeCouilliard have decided not to stand for re-election at the AGM;

Robert Schriesheim has stepped down as an Independent Non-Executive Director effective from March 2, 2025;

The Company will commence a search for one new Independent Non-Executive Director, the identity of whom shall be subject to Oaktrees approval, and whose appointment shall be confirmed by July 1, 2025, failing which Oaktree will have the ability to nominate a further Non-Executive Director to the Board. This will bring the number of directors to eight after the AGM;

Daniel Ninivaggi will be appointed Chair of the Nomination Committee, effective March 10, 2025;

Barbara Ryan will succeed Jo LeCouilliard as Chair of the Compensation Committee, effective from the end of the AGM; and

The Companys Operational Committee will be discontinued.

Dr David Wheadon, Chair said, Peter Bains, Jo LeCouilliard and Rob Schriesheim have been unswerving in their support of bringing needed therapeutic interventions to patients suffering from Opioid Use Disorder. I sincerely thank them for the service they have given to Indivior. 

In connection with these changes, Indivior and Oaktree have entered into an amended and restated Relationship Agreement, which contains, among other items, customary obligations and undertakings of mutual support.

About Indivior 

Indivior is a global pharmaceutical company working to help change patients' lives by developing medicines to treat substance use disorders (SUD). Our vision is that all patients around the world will have access to evidence-based treatment for the chronic conditions and co-occurring disorders of SUD. Indivior is dedicated to transforming SUD from a global human crisis to a recognized and treated chronic disease. Building on its global portfolio of OUD treatments, Indivior has a pipeline of product candidates designed to expand on its heritage in this category. Headquartered in the United States in Richmond, VA, Indivior employs over 1,000 individuals globally and its portfolio of products is available in over 30 countries worldwide. Visit www.indivior.com to learn more. Connect with Indivior on LinkedIn by visiting www.linkedin.com/company/indivior.

Investor Enquiries:

Jason Thompson

VP, Investor Relations

Indivior PLC

+1 804 402 7123

jason.thompson@indivior.com

Tim Owens

Director, Investor Relations Indivior PLC

+1 804 263 3978

timothy.owens@indivior.com

Media Enquiries:

For Indivior:

Jonathan Sibun

Teneo

+44 (0)20 7353 4200

Indivior@teneo.com

U.S. Media Inquiries

+1 804 594 0836

Indiviormediacontacts@indivior.com

For Oaktree:

John Christiansen / Monique Sidhom / Suzanne Byowitz

FGS Global

Oaktree@fgsglobal.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>indv-20250302.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>indv-20250302_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Cover [Abstract] 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 
Title of 12(b) Security 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>indv-20250302_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>image_0.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Mar. 02, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 02, 2025

Registrant Name INDIVIOR PLC

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code X0

Entity File Number 001-37835

Entity Tax Identification Number 98-1204773

Entity Address, Address Line One 10710 Midlothian Turnpike Suite 125

Entity Address, City or Town North Chesterfield

Entity Address, State or Province VA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 23235

City Area Code 804

Local Phone Number 379-1040

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Ordinary shares, $0.50 nominal value per share

Trading Symbol INDV

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Central Index Key 0001625297

Amendment Flag false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
0000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://indivior.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

indv-20250302.htm 
indv-20250302.xsd 
indv-20250302_lab.xml 
indv-20250302_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001625297-25-000021-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>indv-20250302_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001625297 

2025-03-02 
2025-03-02 

0001625297 
false 
8-K 
2025-03-02 
INDIVIOR PLC 
X0 
001-37835 
98-1204773 
10710 Midlothian Turnpike Suite 125 
North Chesterfield 
VA 
23235 
804 
379-1040 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Ordinary shares, $0.50 nominal value per share 
INDV 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>