<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001462418-25-000006.txt : 20250218
<SEC-HEADER>0001462418-25-000006.hdr.sgml : 20250218
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250218160122
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001462418-25-000006
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250218
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250218
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250218

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ALTISOURCE PORTFOLIO SOLUTIONS S.A.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001462418
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MISCELLANEOUS BUSINESS SERVICES [7380]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			N4

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34354
		FILM NUMBER:		25634749

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		33, BOULEVARD PRINCE HENRI
		STREET 2:		L-1724 LUXEMBOURG CITY
		CITY:			GRAND DUCHY OF LUXEMBOURG
		STATE:			N4
		ZIP:			50
		BUSINESS PHONE:		352 24 69 79 00

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		33, BOULEVARD PRINCE HENRI
		STREET 2:		L-1724 LUXEMBOURG CITY
		CITY:			GRAND DUCHY OF LUXEMBOURG
		STATE:			N4
		ZIP:			50

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Altisource Portfolio Solutions S.A.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090625

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Altisource Portfolio Solutions S.a.r.l.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090422
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>asps-20250218.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?asps-20250218

0001462418false00014624182025-02-182025-02-18

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):February 18, 2025

ALTISOURCE PORTFOLIO SOLUTIONS S.A.

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter)

Luxembourg 001-34354 98-0554932 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

33, Boulevard Prince Henri

L-1724Luxembourg

Grand Duchy of Luxembourg

(Address of principal executive offices including zip code)

+3522060 2055

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

NOT APPLICABLE

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $1.00 par value ASPS NASDAQ Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying 

with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

On February 18, 2025, Altisource Portfolio Solutions S.A. (the Company) held an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders (the Extraordinary Meeting) followed by a special general meeting of shareholders (the Special Meeting). At the Special Meeting, the Companys shareholders approved an amendment (the Amendment) to the Companys Amended and Restated 2009 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2009 Equity Incentive Plan) to increase the number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the 2009 Equity Incentive Plan by 4,645,875 shares from 11,666,667 shares to 16,312,542 shares. The Amendment was previously approved by the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board), subject to shareholder approval. 

The Amendment became effective immediately upon shareholder approval at the Special Meeting. A more complete summary of the terms of the Amendment is set forth in Proposal 2: Plan Amendment Proposal in the Companys definitive proxy statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 3, 2025 (the Proxy Statement), which description and text are incorporated herein by reference. 

The foregoing description of the terms of the Amendment and the description thereof incorporated by reference from the Proxy Statement do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the 2009 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended by the Amendment, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 5.07 Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders. 

On February 18, 2025, the Company held the Extraordinary Meeting followed by the Special Meeting. A quorum was present for each of the meetings. 

The final results for each matter submitted to a vote of shareholders at the Extraordinary Meeting were as follows: 

(i)The amendment to Article 5 of the Companys Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (the Articles) to (i) cancel the nominal value of all existing shares of the Companys common stock, and (ii) decrease the par value of the Companys common stock from US$1.00 per share to US$0.01 per share through a decrease of the share capital of the Company by an amount of thirty million four hundred and seventy-seven thousand fifty-seven and ninety-three cents United States Dollars (US$30,477,057.93) without cancellation of shares of the Companys common stock, in order to bring the share capital of the Company from its current amount of thirty million seven hundred eighty-four thousand nine hundred seven United States Dollars (US$30,784,907) to an amount of three hundred and seven thousand eight hundred forty-nine and seven cents United States Dollars (US$307,849.07) represented by thirty million seven hundred and eighty-four thousand nine hundred seven (30,784,907) shares of the Companys common stock without designation of nominal value, and by allocating thirty million four hundred and seventy-seven thousand fifty-seven and ninety-three cents United States Dollars (US$30,477,057.93) derived from the share capital decrease to the share premium account of the Company was approved by the following vote: 

For 

Against 

Abstentions 

Broker Non-Votes

18,900,844 145,150 13,047 

n/a

(ii)The increase in the number of shares the Board of Directors of the Company is authorized to issue from 100,000,000 to 250,000,000 and the renewal of the authority of the Board of Directors to issue shares by (i) approving an amendment to Article 6 of the Articles to renew and amend the authorization of the Board of Directors of the Company to (a) issue shares of the Companys common stock, within the limits of the Companys authorized share capital of up to two million and five hundred thousand United States Dollars (US$2,500,000) divided into two hundred fifty million (250,000,000) shares of the Companys common stock without nominal value and, (b) issue any warrants, options, or other similar instruments exercisable into shares and rights to subscribe for shares and set the terms and conditions of these instruments, each for a term of five (5) years and, in connection with any such issuance, to limit or cancel the preferential subscription rights of shareholders, and (ii) acknowledging receipt of the report issued by the 

Board of Directors of the Company pursuant to article 420-26 (5) of the Luxembourg Law of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies, as amended, were approved by the following vote: 

For 

Against 

Abstentions 

Broker Non-Votes

18,026,165 1,012,728 20,148 

n/a

The final results for each matter submitted to a vote of shareholders at the Special Meeting were as follows:

(i)The proposal to approve, as required by applicable Nasdaq Stock Market listing rules, the issuance by the Board of Directors of shares of the Companys common stock in exchange for the contribution to the Company from lenders under the Companys current debt facility of a portion of the Companys outstanding debt was approved by the following vote: 

For 

Against 

Abstentions 

Broker Non-Votes

18,973,847 129,383 4,278 

n/a

(ii)The amendment of the Companys Amended and Restated 2009 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2009 Equity Incentive Plan) to increase the number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the 2009 Equity Incentive Plan by 4,645,875 shares from 11,666,667 shares to 16,312,542 shares was approved by the following vote: 

For 

Against 

Abstentions 

Broker Non-Votes

17,419,822 1,681,339 6,347 n/a

Each of the foregoing resolutions for the Extraordinary Meeting and the Special Meeting is more fully described in the definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 3, 2025.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

10.1 

Altisource Portfolio Solutions S.A. Amended and Restated 2009 Equity Incentive Plan. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: February 18, 2025

Altisource Portfolio Solutions S.A. 

By: /s/ Michelle D. Esterman 

Name: Michelle D. Esterman 

Title: Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>a2009equityincentiveplanam.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
Document

ALTISOURCE PORTFOLIO SOLUTIONS S.A.

AMENDED AND RESTATED 2009 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

(as of February 18, 2025)

SECTION 1. PURPOSE

1.01 The purpose of the 2009 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan) is to assist Altisource Portfolio Solutions S.A. (the Company) in attracting, retaining and motivating directors and employees of outstanding ability and to align their interests with those of the shareholders of the Company.

SECTION 2. DEFINITIONS; CONSTRUCTION

2.01 Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in the Plan, the following terms as used in the Plan shall have the following meanings when used with initial capital letters:

2.01.1 Award means any Option, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Unit, Performance Award or Other Stock-Based Award, or any other right or interest relating to Shares granted under the Plan.

2.01.2 Award Agreement means any written agreement, contract or other instrument or document evidencing an Award.

2.01.3 Board means the Companys Board of Directors.

2.01.4 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, together with rules, regulations and interpretations promulgated thereunder. References to particular sections of the Code shall include any successor provisions.

2.01.5 Change of Control shall mean a change in control of a nature that would be required to be reported in response to Item 6(e) of Schedule 14A of Regulation 14A promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), whether or not the Company is then subject to such reporting requirement.

2.01.6 Committee means, the Compensation Committee or such other committee of the Board as may be designated by the Board to administer the Plan, as referred to in Section 3.01 hereof, consisting of at least two members of the Board; provided however, that any member of the Committee participating in the taking of any action under the Plan shall qualify as (i) an outside director as then defined under Section 162(m) of the Code or any successor provision, (ii) a non-employee director as then 

2009 Equity Incentive Plan (Amended and Restated) Page 1 of 19

as of February 18, 2025

defined under Rule 16b-3 or any successor rule, and (iii) an independent director under the rules of the Nasdaq Global Market. 

2.01.7 Common Stock means shares of the common stock, par value $0.01 per share, and such other securities of the Company or other company or entity as may be substituted for Shares pursuant to Section 8.01 hereof.

2.01.8 Covered Employee shall have the meaning provided in Section 162(m)(3) of the Code.

2.01.9 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

2.01.10 Fair Market Value of shares of any stock, including but not limited to Common Stock, or units of any other securities (herein shares), shall be the mean between the highest and lowest sales prices per share for the date(s) as established by the Board as of which Fair Market Value is to be determined in the principal market in which such shares are traded, as quoted at www.nasdaq.com/symbol/ASPS(or in such other reliable website or publication as the Committee, in its discretion, may determine to rely upon). If the Fair Market Value of shares on any date(s) cannot be determined on the basis set forth in the preceding sentence, or if a determination is required as to the Fair Market Value on any date of property other than shares, the Committee shall in good faith determine the Fair Market Value of such shares or other property on such date(s). Fair Market Value shall be determined without regard to any restriction other than a restriction which, by its terms, will never lapse.

2.01.11 Option means a right, granted under Section 6.02 hereof, to purchase Shares at a specified price during specified time periods.

2.01.12 Other Stock-Based Award means an Award, granted under Section 6.05 hereof, that is denominated or payable in, valued in whole or in part by reference to, or otherwise based on, or related to, Shares.

2.01.13 Participant means (a) an employee of the Company or any Subsidiary or affiliate, including, but not limited to, a Covered Employee, or (b) a member of the Board, who, in the case of either clause (a) or (b), is granted an Award under the Plan.

2.01.14 Performance Award, Performance Goal and Performance Period shall have the meanings provided in Section 6.04.

2.01.15 Person means person as such term is used for purposes of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Exchange Act, including any individual, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, trust, unincorporated organization, 

2009 Equity Incentive Plan (Amended and Restated) Page 2 of 19

as of February 18, 2025

government or any agency or political subdivision thereof, or any other entity or any group of persons. 

2.01.16 Retirement means, unless otherwise specified in an Award Agreement, termination (other than by reason of death or disability) by the Participant of the Participants employment with the Company or any Subsidiary or affiliate pursuant to and in accordance with a plan or program of the Company or any Subsidiary or affiliate applicable to the Participant, provided, however that the Participant must have attained the age of fifty-five (55) and been an employee of the Company or any Subsidiary or affiliate for not less than three (3) years as of the date of termination of employment by reason of Retirement. 

2.01.17 Restricted Stock means Shares, granted under Section 6.03 hereof, that are subject to certain restrictions. 

2.01.18 Restricted Stock Units means units, granted under Section 6.03 hereof, representing the notional right to receive a specified number of Shares upon the satisfaction of certain conditions set forth therein.

2.01.19 Rule 16b-3 means Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act, as amended from time to time, or any successor to such Rule promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission under Section 16 of the Exchange Act.

2.01.20 Shares means the common stock of the Company, par value $1.00 per share, and such other securities of the Company as may be substituted for Shares pursuant to Section 8.01 hereof.

2.01.21 Subsidiary means any company in an unbroken chain of companies beginning with the Company, if each of the companies other than the last company in the chain owns stock possessing at least 50% of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other companies in the chain.

2.02 Construction. For purposes of the Plan, the following rules of construction shall apply:

2.02.1 The word or is disjunctive but not necessarily exclusive.

2.02.2 Words in the singular include the plural; words in the plural include the singular; words in the neuter gender include the masculine and feminine genders, and words in the masculine or feminine gender include the other and neuter genders.

2009 Equity Incentive Plan (Amended and Restated) Page 3 of 19

as of February 18, 2025

SECTION 3. ADMINISTRATION

3.01 The Committee shall administer the Plan. References hereinafter to the Committee shall mean the Compensation Committee of the Board (or other appointed committee). The Committee shall have complete, full and final authority to take the following actions, in each case subject to and consistent with the provisions of the Plan:

(i) to designate Participants;

(ii) to determine the type or types of Awards to be granted to each Participant;

(iii) to determine the number of Awards to be granted, the number of Shares or amount of cash or other property to which an Award will relate, the terms and conditions of any Award (including, but not limited to, any exercise price, grant price or purchase price, any limitation or restriction, any schedule for lapse of limitations, forfeiture restrictions or restrictions on exercisability or transferability, and accelerations or waivers thereof, including in the case of a Change of Control based in each case on such considerations as the Committee shall determine), and all other matters to be determined in connection with an Award;

(iv) to determine whether, to what extent and under what circumstances an Award may be settled in, or the exercise price of an Award may be paid in, cash, Shares, other Awards or other property, or an Award may be accelerated, vested, canceled, forfeited, exchanged or surrendered;

(v) to interpret and administer the Plan and any instrument or agreement relating to, or Award made under, the Plan;

(vi) to prescribe the form of each Award Agreement, which need not be identical for each Participant;

(vii) to adopt, amend, suspend, waive and rescind such rules and regulations as the Committee may deem necessary or advisable to administer the Plan;

(viii) to correct any defect, supply any omission, or reconcile any inconsistency and to construe and interpret the Plan, the rules and regulations, any Award Agreement or other instrument entered into, or Award made under the Plan;

2009 Equity Incentive Plan (Amended and Restated) Page 4 of 19

as of February 18, 2025

(ix) to make all other decisions and determinations as may be required under the terms of the Plan or as the Committee may deem necessary or advisable for the administration of the Plan; and

(x) to make such filings and take such actions as may be required from time to time by appropriate state, regulatory and governmental agencies. Any action of the Committee with respect to the Plan shall be final, conclusive and binding on all Persons, including the Company, Subsidiaries, Participants and any Person claiming any rights under the Plan from or through any Participants. The express grant of any specific power to the Committee, and the taking of any action by the Committee, shall not be construed as limiting any power or authority of the Committee. The Committee may delegate to officers, managers and/or agents of the Company or any Subsidiary the authority, subject to such terms as the Committee shall determine, to perform administrative and other functions under the Plan. Each member of the Committee shall be entitled to, in good faith, rely or act upon any report or other information furnished to him by an officer, manager or other employee of the Company or a Subsidiary, the Companys independent certified public accountants, or any executive compensation consultant or other professional retained by the Company and/or Committee to assist in the administration of the Plan.

SECTION 4. SHARES SUBJECT TO THE PLAN

4.01 The maximum net number of Shares which may be issued and in respect of which Awards may be granted under the Plan shall be limited to 16,312,542 shares of Common Stock, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 8.01, which may be used for all forms of Awards. Each Share issued under the Plan pursuant to an Award other than an Option or other purchase right in which the Participant pays the Fair Market Value for such Share measured as of the grant date, or appreciation right which is based upon the Fair Market Value of a Share as of the grant date, shall reduce the number of available Shares by 1.00.

For purposes of this Section 4.01, the number of Shares to which an Award relates shall be counted against the number of Shares available under the Plan on a one-for-one basis at the time of grant of the Award, unless such number of Shares cannot be determined at that time, in which case the number of Shares actually issued pursuant to the Award shall be counted against the number of Shares available under the Plan at the time of issuance; provided, however, that Awards related to or retroactively added to, or granted in tandem with, substituted for or converted into, other Awards shall be counted or not counted against the number of Shares reserved and available under the Plan in accordance with procedures adopted by the Committee so as to ensure appropriate counting but avoid double counting. 

2009 Equity Incentive Plan (Amended and Restated) Page 5 of 19

as of February 18, 2025

If any Shares to which an Award relates are forfeited or the Award otherwise terminates without payment being made to the Participant in the form of Shares or if payment is made to the Participant in the form of cash, cash equivalents or other property other than Shares, any Shares counted against the number of Shares available under the Plan with respect to such Award shall, to the extent of any such forfeiture or termination or alternative payment, again be available for Awards under the Plan. Any Shares distributed pursuant to an Award may consist, in whole or part, of authorized and unissued Shares, including Shares repurchased by the Company for purposes of the Plan.

SECTION 5. ELIGIBILITY

5.01 Awards may be granted only to individuals who are employees of the Company or any Subsidiary or affiliate or to members of the Board.

SECTION 6. SPECIFIC TERMS OF AWARDS

6.01 General. Subject to the terms of the Plan and any applicable Award Agreement, Awards may be granted as set forth in this Section 6. In addition, the Committee may impose on any Award or the exercise thereof, at the date of grant or thereafter (subject to the terms of Section 9.01), such additional terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan, as the Committee shall determine, including separate escrow provisions and terms requiring forfeiture of Awards in the event of termination of employment or service by the Participant. Except as required by applicable law, Awards may be granted for no consideration other than prior and/or future services.

6.02 Options. The Committee is authorized to grant Options to Participants on the following terms and conditions:

(i) Exercise Price. The criteria for determining the exercise price per Share of an Option shall be determined and such price shall be established by the Committee prior to each grant.

(ii) Option Term. The term of each Option shall be determined by the Committee, except that no Option shall be exercisable after the expiration of ten years from the date of grant. The Option shall be evidenced by a form of Award Agreement, and subject to the terms thereof.

(iii) Times and Methods of Exercise. The Committee shall determine the time or times at which an Option may be exercised in whole or in part, the methods by which the exercise price may be paid or deemed to be paid, and the form of such payment, including, without limitation, cash, Shares, or other 

2009 Equity Incentive Plan (Amended and Restated) Page 6 of 19

as of February 18, 2025

property or any combination thereof, having a Fair Market Value on the date of exercise equal to the exercise price, provided, however, that in the case of a Participant who is at the time of exercise subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, any portion of the exercise price representing a fraction of a Share shall in any event be paid in cash or in property other than any equity security (as defined by the Exchange Act) of the Company. Delivery of Shares in payment of the exercise price of an Option, if authorized by the Committee, may be accomplished through the effective transfer to the Company of Shares held by a broker or other agent.

Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, the Company will also cooperate with any Person exercising an Option who participates in a cashless exercise program of a broker or other agent under which all or part of the Shares received upon exercise of the Option are sold through the broker or other agent, for the purpose of paying the exercise price of an Option. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, unless the Committee, in its discretion, shall otherwise determine, the exercise of the Option shall not be deemed to occur, and no Shares will be issued by the Company upon exercise of an Option, until the Company has received payment in full of the exercise price.

(iv) Termination of Employment. In the case of Participants, unless otherwise determined by the Committee and/or reflected in the Award Agreement or award program:

(A) if a Participant shall die while employed or engaged by the Company or a Subsidiary or affiliate or during a period following termination of employment or engagement during which an Option otherwise remains exercisable under this Section 6.02(iv), Options granted to the Participant, to the extent exercisable at the time of the Participants death, may be exercised within two years after the date of the Participants death, but not later than the expiration date of the Options, by the executor or administrator of the Participants estate or by the Person or Persons to whom the Participant shall have transferred such right by will or by the laws of descent and distribution.

(B) if the Participant must terminate employment or engagement due to disability, the Options may be exercised within three years after the date of termination, but not later than the expiration date of the Options.

2009 Equity Incentive Plan (Amended and Restated) Page 7 of 19

as of February 18, 2025

(C) if the Participants employment or engagement is terminated by reason of Retirement the Options shall vest and shall become immediately exercisable in full on the date of termination and may be exercised within three years after the date of Retirement, but not later than the expiration date of the Options.

(D) if the employment or engagement of a Participant with the Company or its Subsidiaries or affiliates shall be involuntarily terminated under circumstances which would qualify the Participant for benefits under a severance plan of the Company or shall terminate his or her employment or engagement with the written consent of the Company or a Subsidiary, the Committee may elect to vest the Options immediately. Options granted to the Participant, to the extent exercisable at the date of the Participants termination of employment or engagement, may be exercised within six months after the date of termination of employment or engagement, but not later than the expiration date of the Options.

(E) except to the extent an Option remains exercisable under paragraphs (A) through (D) above, any Option granted to a Participant shall terminate six months after the date of termination of employment or engagement of the Participant with the Company or a Subsidiary or affiliate.

(v) Individual Option Limit. The aggregate number of Shares for which Options may be granted under the Plan to any single Participant in any calendar year shall not exceed 666,667 Shares. The limitation in the preceding sentence shall be interpreted and applied in a manner consistent with Section 162(m) of the Code. 

6.03 Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units. The Committee is authorized to grant Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units to Participants on the following terms and conditions:

(i) Issuance and Restrictions. Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to such restrictions on transferability and other restrictions as the Committee may impose (including, without limitation, limitations on the right to vote Restricted Stock or the right to receive dividends or dividend equivalents thereon), which restrictions may lapse separately or in combination at such times, under such circumstances, in such installments or otherwise, as the Committee shall determine at the time of grant or thereafter. The restriction period applicable to Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units shall, in the case of a time-based restriction, be not less than two 

2009 Equity Incentive Plan (Amended and Restated) Page 8 of 19

as of February 18, 2025

years, with ratable vesting over such period or, in the case of a performance-based restriction period, be not less than one year.

(ii) Forfeiture. Except as otherwise determined by the Committee at the time of grant or thereafter, upon termination of employment, engagement or other service (as determined under criteria established by the Committee) during the applicable restriction period, Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units that are at that time subject to restrictions shall be forfeited and reacquired by the Company; provided, however, that the Committee may provide, by rule or regulation or in any Award Agreement, that restrictions on Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units shall be waived in whole or in part in the event of terminations resulting from specified causes, and the Committee may in other cases waive in whole or in part restrictions on Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units.

(iii) Certificates for Shares. Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units granted under the Plan may be evidenced in such manner as the Committee shall determine, including, without limitation, with respect to Restricted Stock, issuance of certificates representing Shares, which may be held in escrow. Certificates representing Restricted Stock shall be registered in the name of the Participant and shall bear an appropriate legend referring to the terms, conditions and restrictions applicable to such Restricted Stock.

6.04 Performance Awards. The Committee is authorized to grant Performance Awards to Participants on the following terms and conditions:

(i) Right to Payment. A Performance Award shall represent a right to receive Shares based on the achievement, or the level of achievement, during a specified Performance Period of one or more Performance Goals established by the Committee at the time of the Award.

(ii) Terms of Performance Awards. At or prior to the time a Performance Award is granted, the Committee shall cause to be set forth in the Award Agreement or otherwise in writing (1) the Performance Goals applicable to the Award and the Performance Period during which the achievement of the Performance Goals shall be measured, (2) the amount which may be earned by the Participant based on the achievement, or the level of achievement, of the Performance Goals or the formula by which such amount shall be determined and (3) such other terms and conditions applicable to the Award as the Committee may, in its discretion, determine to include therein. The terms so established by the Committee shall be objective such that a third party having knowledge of the relevant facts could determine whether or not any Performance Goal has been achieved, or the extent of such achievement, and the amount, if any, which has been earned by the Participant based on such performance. The Committee may retain the discretion to reduce (but 

2009 Equity Incentive Plan (Amended and Restated) Page 9 of 19

as of February 18, 2025

not to increase) the amount of a Performance Award which will be earned based on the achievement of Performance Goals. When the Performance Goals are established, the Committee shall also specify the manner in which the level of achievement of such Performance Goals shall be calculated and the weighting assigned to such Performance Goals. The Committee may determine that unusual items or certain specified events or occurrences, including changes in accounting standards or tax laws and the effects of non-operational items or extraordinary items as defined by generally accepted accounting principles, shall be excluded from the calculation to the extent permitted in Section 162(m).

(iii) Performance Goals. Performance Goals shall mean one or more pre-established, objective measures of performance during a specified Performance Period, selected by the Committee in its discretion.

Performance Goals may be based upon one or more of the following objective performance measures and expressed in either, or a combination of, absolute or relative values: earnings per share, earnings per share growth, return on capital employed, costs, net income, net income growth, operating margin, revenues, revenue growth, revenue from operations, expenses, income from operations as a percent of capital employed, income from operations, cash flow, market share, return on equity, return on assets, earnings (including EBITDA and EBIT), operating cash flow, operating cash flow as a percent of capital employed, economic value added, gross margin, total shareholder return, workforce diversity, number of accounts, workers compensation claims, budgeted amounts, cost per hire, turnover rate, and/or training costs and expenses. Performance Goals based on such performance measures may be based either on the performance of the Company, a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries, affiliate, any branch, department, business unit or other portion thereof under such measure for the Performance Period and/or upon a comparison of such performance with the performance of a peer group of companies, prior Performance Periods or other measure selected or defined by the Committee at the time of making a Performance Award. The Committee may in its discretion also determine to use other objective performance measures as Performance Goals.

(iv) Committee Certification. Following completion of the applicable Performance Period, and prior to any payment of a Performance Award to the Participant, the Committee shall determine in accordance with the terms of the Performance Award and shall certify in writing whether the applicable Performance Goal or Goals were achieved, or the level of such achievement, and the amount, if any, earned by the Participant based upon such performance. For this purpose, approved minutes of the meeting of the Committee at which certification is made shall be sufficient to satisfy the requirement of a written certification.

2009 Equity Incentive Plan (Amended and Restated) Page 10 of 19

as of February 18, 2025

Performance Awards are not intended to provide for the deferral of compensation, such that payment of Performance Awards shall be paid within two and one-half months following the end of the calendar year in which the Performance Period ends or such other time period if and to the extent as may be required to avoid characterization of such Awards as deferred compensation.

(v) Maximum Individual Performance Award Payments. In any one calendar year, the maximum amount which may be earned by any single Participant under Performance Awards granted under the Plan shall be limited to 666,667 Shares. In the case of multi-year Performance Periods, the amount which is earned in any one calendar year is the amount paid for the Performance Period divided by the number of calendar years in the period. In applying this limit, the number of Shares earned by a Participant shall be measured as of the close of the applicable calendar year which ends the Performance Period, regardless of the fact that certification by the Committee and actual payment to the Participant may occur in a subsequent calendar year or years. 

(vi) Termination of Employment. Except as may be set forth in the Participants Award Agreement or as otherwise determined by the Committee, vesting shall cease on the date of the Participants termination of employment or engagement.

6.05 Other Stock-Based Awards. The Committee is authorized, subject to limitations under applicable law, to grant to Participants, in lieu of salary, cash bonus, fees or other payments, such other Awards that are denominated or payable in, valued in whole or in part by reference to, or otherwise based on, or related to, Shares, as deemed by the Committee to be consistent with the purposes of the Plan, including, without limitation, purchase rights, appreciation rights, Shares awarded which are not subject to any restrictions or conditions, convertible securities, exchangeable securities or other rights convertible or exchangeable into Shares, as the Committee in its discretion may determine. In the discretion of the Committee, such Other Stock-Based Awards, including Shares, or other types of Awards authorized under the Plan, may be used in connection with, or to satisfy obligations of the Company or a Subsidiary under, other compensation or incentive plans, programs or arrangements of the Company or any Subsidiary for eligible Participants.

The Committee shall determine the terms and conditions of Other Stock-Based Awards. Shares or securities delivered pursuant to a purchase right granted under this Section 6.05 shall be purchased for such consideration, paid for by such methods and in such forms, including, without limitation, cash, Shares, or other property or any combination thereof, as the Committee shall determine, but the value of such consideration shall not be less than the Fair Market Value of such Shares or other securities on the date of grant of such purchase right.

2009 Equity Incentive Plan (Amended and Restated) Page 11 of 19

as of February 18, 2025

Appreciation rights may not be granted at a price less than the fair market value of the underlying Shares on the date of grant. Delivery of Shares or other securities in payment of a purchase right or appreciation right, if authorized by the Committee, may be accomplished through the effective transfer to the Company of Shares or other securities held by a broker or other agent. Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, the Company will also cooperate with any Person exercising a purchase right who participates in a cashless exercise program of a broker or other agent under which all or part of the Shares or securities received upon exercise of a purchase right are sold through the broker or other agent, or under which the broker or other agent makes a loan to such Person, for the purpose of paying the exercise price of a purchase right.

Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, unless the Committee, in its discretion, shall otherwise determine, the exercise of the purchase right shall not be deemed to occur, and no Shares or other securities will be issued by the Company upon exercise of a purchase right, until the Company has received payment in full of the exercise price.

2009 Equity Incentive Plan (Amended and Restated) Page 12 of 19

as of February 18, 2025

SECTION 7. GENERAL TERMS OF AWARDS

7.01 Stand-Alone, Tandem and Substitute Awards. Awards granted under the Plan may, in the discretion of the Committee, be granted either alone or in addition to, or in tandem with, any other Award granted under the Plan or any award granted under any other plan, program or arrangement of the Company or any Subsidiary (subject to the terms of Section 9.01) or any business entity acquired or to be acquired by the Company or a Subsidiary.

Awards granted in addition to or in tandem with other Awards or awards may be granted either at the same time as or at a different time from the grant of such other Awards or awards.

7.02 Certain Restrictions Under Rule 16b-3. Upon the effectiveness of any amendment to Rule 16b-3, this Plan and any Award Agreement for an outstanding Award held by a Participant then subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act shall be deemed to be amended, without further action on the part of the Committee, the Board or the Participant, to the extent necessary for Awards under the Plan or such Award Agreement to qualify for the exemption provided by Rule 16b-3, as so amended, except to the extent any such amendment requires shareholder approval.

7.03 Decisions Required to be Made by the Committee. Other provisions of the Plan and any Award Agreement notwithstanding, if any decision regarding an Award or the exercise of any right by a Participant, at any time such Participant is subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, is required to be made or approved by the Committee or the Board in order that a transaction by such Participant will be exempt under Rule 16b-3, then the Committee or the Board shall retain full and exclusive power and authority to make such decision or to approve or disapprove any such decision by the Participant.

7.04 Term of Awards. The term of each Award shall be for such period as may be determined by the Committee; provided, however, that in no event shall the term of any Option exceed a period of ten years from the date of its grant.

7.05 Form of Payment of Awards. Subject to the terms of the Plan and any applicable Award Agreement, payments or substitutions to be made by the Company upon the grant, exercise or other payment or distribution of an Award may be made in such forms as the Committee shall determine at the time of grant or thereafter (subject to the terms of Section 9.01), including, without limitation, cash, Shares, or other property or any combination thereof, in each case in accordance with rules and procedures established, or as otherwise determined, by the Committee.

7.06 Limits on Transfer of Awards; Beneficiaries. No right or interest of a Participant in any Award shall be pledged, encumbered or hypothecated to or in favor of any Person other than the Company, or shall be subject to any lien, obligation or liability 

2009 Equity Incentive Plan (Amended and Restated) Page 13 of 19

as of February 18, 2025

of such Participant to any Person other than the Company or a Subsidiary except as otherwise established by the Committee at the time of grant or thereafter. No Award and no rights or interests therein shall be assignable or transferable by a Participant otherwise than by will or the laws of descent and distribution, and any Option or other right to purchase or acquire Shares granted to a Participant under the Plan shall be exercisable during the Participants lifetime only by such Participant. A beneficiary, guardian, legal representative or other Person claiming any rights under the Plan from or through any Participant shall be subject to all the terms and conditions of the Plan and any Award Agreement applicable to such Participant as well as any additional restrictions or limitations deemed necessary or appropriate by the Committee.

7.07 Registration and Listing Compliance. No Award shall be paid and no Shares or other securities shall be distributed with respect to any Award in a transaction subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or any state securities law or subject to a listing requirement under any listing agreement between the Company and any national securities exchange, and no Award shall confer upon any Participant rights to such payment or distribution until such laws and contractual obligations of the Company have been complied with in all material respects. Except to the extent required by the terms of an Award Agreement or another contract between the Company and the Participant, neither the grant of any Award nor anything else contained herein shall obligate the Company to take any action to comply with any requirements of any such securities laws or contractual obligations relating to the registration (or exemption therefrom) or listing of any Shares or other securities, whether or not necessary in order to permit any such payment or distribution.

7.08 Stock Certificates. Awards representing Shares under the Plan may be recorded in book entry form until the lapse of restrictions or limitations thereon or issued in the form of certificates. All certificates for Shares delivered under the terms of the Plan shall be subject to such stop-transfer orders and other restrictions as the Committee may deem advisable under federal or state securities laws, rules and regulations thereunder, and the rules of any national securities exchange or automated quotation system on which Shares are listed or quoted. The Committee may cause a legend or legends to be placed on any such certificates to make appropriate reference to such restrictions or any other restrictions or limitations that may be applicable to Shares. In addition, during any period in which Awards or Shares are subject to restrictions or limitations under the terms of the Plan or any Award Agreement, the Committee may require any Participant to enter into an agreement providing that certificates representing Shares issuable or issued pursuant to an Award shall remain in the physical custody of the Company or such other Person as the Committee may designate.

SECTION 8. ADJUSTMENT PROVISIONS

2009 Equity Incentive Plan (Amended and Restated) Page 14 of 19

as of February 18, 2025

8.01 If a dividend, dividend equivalent or other distribution shall be declared upon the Common Stock payable in shares of the Common Stock, the number of shares of Common Stock then subject to any outstanding Options, Performance Awards or Other Stock Based Awards, the number of shares of Common Stock which may be issued under the Plan but are not then subject to outstanding Options, Performance Awards or Other Stock Based Awards and the maximum number of shares as to which Options or Performance Awards may be granted and as to which shares may be awarded under Sections 6.02(v) and 6.04(v), shall be adjusted by adding thereto the number of shares of Common Stock which would have been distributable thereon if such shares had been outstanding on the date fixed for determining the shareholders entitled to receive such stock dividend or distribution. Shares of Common Stock so distributed with respect to any Restricted Stock held in escrow shall also be held by the Company in escrow and shall be subject to the same restrictions as are applicable to the Restricted Stock on which they were distributed.

If the outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be changed into or exchangeable for a different number or kind of shares of stock or other securities of the Company or another company, or cash or other property, whether through reorganization, reclassification, recapitalization, stock split-up, combination of shares, merger or consolidation, then the Committee is authorized and has sole discretion, as to any Award of Options, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Award or Other Stock-Based Awards, to take any one or more of the following actions (which need not be uniform for Awards): (i) provide for the purchase of any such Award for an amount of cash equal to the net value of such Award to the holder thereof (taking into account any exercise price with respect to such Award and the Fair Market Value of the Shares as of that time) that could have been attained upon the exercise of such Award or realization of the Participants rights had such Award been currently exercisable or payable; (ii) make such adjustment to any such Award then outstanding as the Committee deems appropriate to reflect such change or exchange of Shares for a different number or kind of shares of stock or other securities; and (iii) cause any such Award then outstanding to be assumed, or new rights substituted therefor, by the Company or such other company then a party to such transaction, including without limitation, by the substitution for the shares of Common Stock then subject to outstanding Awards the number and kind of shares of stock or other securities (and the cash or other property) into which each outstanding share of Common Stock shall be so changed or for which each such share shall be exchangeable. In such case, the Committee shall also have the discretion to cause there to be substituted for each share of Common Stock which may in the future be issued under the Plan but which is not then subject to any outstanding Award the number and kind of shares of stock or other securities into which each outstanding share of Common Stock shall be so changed or for which each such share shall be exchangeable. Unless otherwise determined by the Committee in its discretion, any such stock or securities, as well as any cash or other property, into or for which any Restricted Stock held in escrow may be changed or exchangeable in any such transaction in the Committees discretion shall also be held 

2009 Equity Incentive Plan (Amended and Restated) Page 15 of 19

as of February 18, 2025

by the Company in escrow and shall be subject to the same restrictions as are applicable to the Restricted Stock in respect of which such stock, securities, cash or other property was issued or distributed.

In case of any adjustment or substitution as provided for in this Section 8.01, the aggregate option price for all Shares subject to each then outstanding Option, Performance Award or Other Stock Based Award prior to such adjustment or substitution shall be the aggregate option price for all shares of stock or other securities (including any fraction), cash or other property to which such Shares shall have been adjusted or which shall have been substituted for such Shares. Any new option price per share or other unit shall be carried to at least three decimal places, with the last decimal place rounded upwards to the nearest whole number.

If the outstanding shares of the Common Stock shall be changed in value by reason of any spin-off, split-off, split-up, dividend in partial liquidation, dividend in property other than cash, or extraordinary distribution to shareholders of the Common Stock, then (a) the Committee shall make any adjustments to any then outstanding Option, Performance Award or Other Stock Based Award, which it determines are equitably required to prevent dilution or enlargement of the rights of optionees and awardees which would otherwise result from any such transaction, and (b) unless otherwise determined by the Committee in its discretion, any stock, securities, cash or other property distributed with respect to any Restricted Stock held in escrow or for which any Restricted Stock held in escrow shall be exchanged in any such transaction shall also be held by the Company in escrow and shall be subject to the same restrictions as are applicable to the Restricted Stock in respect of which such stock, securities, cash or other property was distributed or exchanged.

No adjustment or substitution provided for in this Section 8.01 shall require the Company to issue or sell a fraction of a Share or other security. Accordingly, all fractional Shares or other securities which result from any such adjustment or substitution shall be eliminated and not carried forward to any subsequent adjustment or substitution. Owners of Restricted Stock held in escrow shall be treated in the same manner as owners of Common Stock not held in escrow with respect to fractional Shares created by an adjustment or substitution of Shares, except that, unless otherwise determined by the Committee in its discretion, any cash or other property paid in lieu of a fractional Share shall be subject to restrictions similar to those applicable to the Restricted Stock exchanged therefor.

In the event of any other change in or conversion of the Common Stock, the Committee may in its discretion adjust the outstanding Awards and other amounts provided in the Plan in order to prevent the dilution or enlargement of rights of Participants.

SECTION 9. AMENDMENTS TO AND TERMINATION OF THE PLAN

2009 Equity Incentive Plan (Amended and Restated) Page 16 of 19

as of February 18, 2025

9.01 The Board may amend, alter, suspend, discontinue or terminate the Plan without the consent of shareholders or Participants, except that, without the approval of the shareholders of the Company, no amendment, alteration, suspension, discontinuation or termination shall be made if shareholder approval is required by any federal or state law or regulation or by the rules of any stock exchange on which the Shares may then be listed, or if the amendment, alteration or other change materially increases the benefits accruing to Participants, increases the number of Shares available under the Plan or modifies the requirements for participation under the Plan, or if the Board in its discretion determines that obtaining such shareholder approval is for any reason advisable; provided, however, that except as provided in Section 7.02, without the written consent of the Participant, no amendment, alteration, suspension, discontinuation or termination of the Plan may materially and adversely affect the rights of such Participant under any Award theretofore granted to him. The Committee may, consistent with the terms of the Plan, waive any conditions or rights under, amend any terms of, or amend, alter, suspend, discontinue or terminate, any Award theretofore granted, prospectively or retrospectively; provided, however, that except as provided in Section 7.02, without the consent of a Participant, no amendment, alteration, suspension, discontinuation or termination of any Award may materially and adversely affect the rights of such Participant under any Award theretofore granted to him; and provided further that, except as provided in Section 8.01 of the Plan, the exercise price of any outstanding Option may not be reduced, whether through amendment, cancellation or replacement, unless such reduction is approved by the shareholders of the Company.

2009 Equity Incentive Plan (Amended and Restated) Page 17 of 19

as of February 18, 2025

SECTION 10. GENERAL PROVISIONS

10.01 No Right to Awards; No Shareholder Rights. No Participant shall have any claim to be granted any Award under the Plan, and there is no obligation for uniformity of treatment of Participants, except as provided in any other compensation, fee or other arrangement. No Award shall confer on any Participant any of the rights of a shareholder of the Company unless and until Shares are in fact issued to such Participant in connection with such Award.

10.02 Withholding. To the extent required by applicable Federal, state, local or foreign law, the Participant or his successor shall make arrangements satisfactory to the Company, in its discretion, for the satisfaction of any withholding tax obligations that arise in connection with an Award. The Company shall not be required to issue any Shares or make any other payment under the Plan until such obligations are satisfied. The Company is authorized to withhold from any Award granted or any payment due under the Plan, including from a distribution of Shares, amounts of withholding taxes due with respect to an Award, its exercise or any payment thereunder, and to take such other action as the Committee may deem necessary or advisable to enable the Company and Participants to satisfy obligations for the payment of such taxes. This authority shall include authority to withhold or receive Shares, Awards or other property and to make cash payments in respect thereof in satisfaction of such tax obligations.

10.03 No Right to Employment or Continuation of Service. Nothing contained in the Plan or any Award Agreement shall confer, and no grant of an Award shall be construed as conferring, upon any Participant any right to continue in the employ or service of the Company or to interfere in any way with the right of the Company or shareholders to terminate his employment or service at any time or increase or decrease his compensation, fees, or other payments from the rate in existence at the time of granting of an Award, except as provided in any Award Agreement or other compensation, fee or other arrangement.

10.04 Unfunded Status of Awards; Creation of Trusts. The Plan is intended to constitute an unfunded plan for incentive compensation. With respect to any payments not yet made to a Participant pursuant to an Award, nothing contained in the Plan or any Award Agreement shall give any such Participant any rights that are greater than those of a general unsecured creditor of the Company; provided, however, that the Committee may authorize the creation of trusts or make other arrangements to meet the Companys obligations under the Plan to deliver Shares or other property pursuant to any Award, which trusts or other arrangements shall be consistent with the unfunded status of the Plan unless the Committee otherwise determines.

10.05 No Limit on Other Compensatory Arrangements. Nothing contained in the Plan shall prevent the Company from adopting other or additional compensation, fee or other arrangements (which may include, without limitation, employment agreements with 

2009 Equity Incentive Plan (Amended and Restated) Page 18 of 19

as of February 18, 2025

executives and arrangements which relate to Awards under the Plan), and such arrangements may be either generally applicable or applicable only in specific cases. Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary, the terms of each Award shall be construed so as to be consistent with such other arrangements in effect at the time of the Award.

10.06 No Fractional Shares. No fractional Shares shall be issued or delivered pursuant to the Plan or any Award. The Committee shall determine whether cash, other Awards or other property shall be issued or paid in lieu of fractional Shares or whether such fractional Shares or any rights thereto shall be forfeited or otherwise eliminated.

10.07 Governing Law. The validity, interpretation, construction and effect of the Plan and any rules and regulations relating to the Plan shall be governed by the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (without regard to the conflicts of laws thereof).

10.08 Severability. If any provision of the Plan or any Award is or becomes or is deemed invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, or would disqualify the Plan or any Award under any law deemed applicable by the Committee, such provision shall be construed or deemed amended to conform to applicable laws or if it cannot be construed or deemed amended without, in the determination of the Committee, materially altering the intent of the Plan or Award, it shall be deleted and the remainder of the Plan or Award shall remain in full force and effect; provided, however, that, unless otherwise determined by the Committee, the provision shall not be construed or deemed amended or deleted with respect to any Participant whose rights and obligations under the Plan are not subject to the law of such jurisdiction or the law deemed applicable by the Committee.

SECTION 11. EFFECTIVE DATE AND TERM OF THE PLAN

11.01 The effective date and date of adoption of the Plan shall be August 7, 2009, the date of adoption of the Plan by the Board, provided that such adoption of the Plan is approved by a majority of the votes cast at a duly held meeting of shareholders at which a quorum representing a majority of the outstanding voting stock of the Company is, either in person or by proxy, present and voting. Notwithstanding anything else contained in the Plan or in any Award Agreement, no Option or other purchase right granted under the Plan may be exercised, and no Shares may be distributed pursuant to any Award granted under the Plan, prior to such shareholder approval. In the event such shareholder approval is not obtained, all Awards granted under the Plan shall automatically be deemed void and of no effect.

2009 Equity Incentive Plan (Amended and Restated) Page 19 of 19

as of February 18, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>asps-20250218.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000001 - Document - Cover Page Document 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>asps-20250218_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Country 
Entity Address, Country 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 
Title of 12(b) Security 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>asps-20250218_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>image_0.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover Page Document

Feb. 18, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Feb. 18, 2025

Entity Registrant Name ALTISOURCE PORTFOLIO SOLUTIONS S.A.

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code N4

Entity File Number 001-34354

Entity Tax Identification Number 98-0554932

Entity Address, Address Line One 33, Boulevard Prince Henri

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code L-1724

Entity Address, City or Town Luxembourg

Entity Address, Country LU

City Area Code 352

Local Phone Number 2060 2055

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $1.00 par value

Trading Symbol ASPS

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Entity Central Index Key 0001462418

Amendment Flag false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCountry

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:countryCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
0000001 - Document - Cover Page Document 
Sheet 
http://www.altisource.com/role/CoverPageDocument 
Cover Page Document 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

asps-20250218.htm 
asps-20250218.xsd 
asps-20250218_lab.xml 
asps-20250218_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001462418-25-000006-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>asps-20250218_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001462418 

2025-02-18 
2025-02-18 

0001462418 
false 
8-K 
2025-02-18 
ALTISOURCE PORTFOLIO SOLUTIONS S.A. 
N4 
001-34354 
98-0554932 
33, Boulevard Prince Henri 
L-1724 
Luxembourg 
LU 
352 
2060 2055 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $1.00 par value 
ASPS 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>