<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-019374.txt : 20250203
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-019374.hdr.sgml : 20250203
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250203171600
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-019374
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250130
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250203
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250203

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Apollo Debt Solutions BDC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001837532
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-01424
		FILM NUMBER:		25583759

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9 WEST 57TH STREET
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-515-3200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9 WEST 57TH STREET
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d842110d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

NYfalse000183753200018375322025-01-302025-01-30

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 30, 2025

Apollo Debt Solutions BDC

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 814-01424 86-1950548

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

9 West 57th Street 

New York, New York 10019

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(Registrants telephone number, including area code): (212)515-3200

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

On January 30, 2025 (the First Amendment Date), Grouse Funding LLC (Grouse Funding), a wholly owned subsidiary of Apollo Debt Solutions BDC, a Delaware statutory trust (the Company) entered into the First Amendment (the First Credit Facility Amendment) to its Credit Agreement (the Secured Credit Facility), dated as of July 7, 2022, by and among Grouse Funding, as borrower, the Company, as investment manager and as guarantor, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as syndication agent and administrative agent, State Street Bank and Trust Company, as collateral custodian and collateral agent, and Virtus Group, LP, as collateral administrator. 

The First Credit Facility Amendment amends the Secured Credit Facility to, among other things, (i) reduce the interest charges on the loans, (ii) increase the maximum commitment amount to $500,000,000, (iii) extend the reinvestment period to three years after the First Amendment Date and (iv) extend the scheduled maturity date to five years after the First Amendment Date. 

The description above is only a summary of the material provisions of the First Credit Facility Amendment and is qualified in its entirety by reference to a copy of the form of First Credit Facility Amendment, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this current report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibit 

Exhibit No. 

Description

10.1 First Credit Facility Amendment to the Secured Credit Facility, dated as of January 30, 2025, by and between Grouse Funding LLC, a subsidiary of Apollo Debt Solutions BDC, with Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as syndication agent and administrative agent, State Street Bank and Trust Company, as collateral custodian and collateral agent, and Virtus Group, LP, as collateral administrator. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

APOLLO DEBT SOLUTIONS BDC

Date: February 3, 2025 By: 

/s/ Kristin Hester

Name: Kristin Hester

Title: Chief Legal Officer and Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d842110dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

FIRST AMENDMENT TO 

CREDIT AGREEMENT 

THIS
FIRST AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of January 30, 2025 (this Amendment), is entered into by and among GROUSE FUNDING, LLC, a Delaware Limited Liability Company, as Borrower (the Borrower), the LENDERS
from time to time party hereto, GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA (GS), as syndication agent (in such capacity, the Syndication Agent) and administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative
Agent), APOLLO DEBT SOLUTIONS BDC, a Delaware Statutory Trust (Guarantor), and STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMPANY (State Street) as collateral custodian (in such capacity, the Collateral
Custodian) and collateral agent (in such capacity, the Collateral Agent) and VIRTUS GROUP, LP (Virtus) as collateral administrator (in such capacity, the Collateral Administrator).

R E C I T A L S 

WHEREAS, the Borrower, the Administrator, GS, State Street and Virtus have entered into that certain credit agreement, dated as of
July 7, 2022 (the Credit Agreement, and the Credit Agreement as amended by this Amendment and as may be further amended, supplemented or otherwise modified and in effect from time to time, the Amended Credit
Agreement); 

WHEREAS, pursuant to and in accordance with Section 11.5 of the Credit Agreement, the parties hereto desire to
amend the Credit Agreement and Transaction Documents in certain respects as provided herein; 

NOW, THEREFORE, based upon the above
Recitals, the mutual premises and agreements contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the undersigned, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows: 

SECTION 1. Definitions.

Except as otherwise defined in this Amendment, terms defined in the Amended Credit Agreement are used herein as defined therein. 

SECTION 2. Amendments to the Credit Agreement.

(a) From and after the Amendment Effective Date (as defined below), the Credit Agreement shall be amended to delete the bold, stricken
text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: stricken text) and to add the bold, underlined text (indicated textually in the same
manner as the following example: underlined text) as set forth in the pages of the Amended Credit Agreement attached
as Exhibit A hereto. 

SECTION 3. Credit Agreement and Limited Guaranty in Full Force and Effect as Amended.

Except as specifically amended hereby, all provisions of the Credit Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. This Amendment shall not
be deemed to expressly or impliedly waive, amend or supplement any provision of the Credit Agreement other than as expressly set forth herein and shall not constitute a novation of the Credit Agreement or evidence payment of any portion of the
obligations and liabilities arising thereunder. 

The Borrower, the Administrator and the Guarantor hereby confirm, acknowledge and agree
that the existing security shall continue in full force and effect as a continuing security for all indebtedness, Obligations and liabilities the payment, observance, performance and/or discharge of which is thereby and hereby expressed to be
guaranteed and/or secured. 

The Administrator hereby acknowledges and consents to the Amended Credit Agreement and this
Amendment to the Transaction Documents as set forth herein. The Administrator acknowledges that the Administrative Agent and the Lenders are relying on the assurances provided herein in entering into this Amendment. 

The Guarantor hereby acknowledges and consents to the Amended Credit Agreement and this Amendment to the Transaction Documents as set forth
herein, and confirms that its Limited Guaranty, and all obligations of the undersigned thereunder, remains in full force and effect. The Guarantor acknowledges that the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders are relying on the
assurances provided herein in entering into this Amendment. 

SECTION 4. Representations and Warranties.

Each of the Borrower and Guarantor hereby represents and warrants as of the Amendment Effective Date as follows: 

(a) this Amendment and each other Transaction Document or other documentation entered into on the date hereof by such party has been
duly executed and delivered by it; 

(b) this Amendment, the Amended Credit Agreement and each other Transaction Document (as amended
hereby) constitutes its legal, valid and binding obligation, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the
enforcement of creditors rights generally or by general principles of equity; and 

(c) there is no Event of Default or Default
that is continuing or would result from entering into this Amendment. 

SECTION 5. Conditions to Effectiveness. The amendments set
forth above shall become effective as of the date (the Amendment Effective Date) upon which each of the following conditions precedent shall be satisfied or waived: 

(a) Execution. The Administrative Agent shall have received executed counterparts of this Amendment, the Amended and Restated GS
Fee Letter, the Administrative Agent Fee Letter and the other documents refenced in this Section 5. 

(b) Costs and
Expenses. The Borrower shall have paid, on or prior to the Amendment Effective Date, all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses of the Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent incurred in connection with this Amendment
payable pursuant to Section 11.2 of the Amended Credit Agreement, including without limitation all reasonable and documented fees and out-of-pocket expenses of counsel to the Administrative Agent incurred in connection with the closing of the
transactions contemplated by this Amendment. 

(c) Certain Documents. The Administrative Agent shall have received each of the
following, unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent: 

(i) a certificate of an Officer of each of the
Borrower and the Guarantor certifying (i) as to its organizational or constitutional documents, (ii) as to its resolutions or other action of its 

general partner, board of directors, manager or members approving this Amendment and the other Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, (iii) that its
representations and warranties set forth in this Amendment and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party are true and correct in all material respects as of the Amendment Effective Date (except to the extent such representations and
warranties expressly relate to any earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date), (iv) to its knowledge, that no Default or Event of Default has
occurred and is continuing, and (v) as to the incumbency and specimen signature of each of its Officers authorized to execute this Amendment and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party; 

(ii) legal opinions (addressed to each of the Secured Parties) of counsel to the Borrower and the Guarantor covering
customary corporate matters under New York and Delaware law, as the Administrative Agent and its counsel shall reasonably request, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent; and 

(iii) such other instruments, certificates and documents from the Credit Parties as the Administrative Agent, the
Collateral Agent and the Lenders shall have reasonably requested. 

SECTION 6. Miscellaneous.

(a) This Amendment is a Transaction Document for all purposes of the Amended Credit Agreement. This Amendment may be executed in any
number of counterparts (including by facsimile or electronic mail), and by the different parties hereto on the same or separate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original instrument but all of which together shall constitute one
and the same agreement. 

(b) The descriptive headings of the various sections of this Amendment are inserted for convenience of
reference only and shall not be deemed to affect the meaning or construction of any of the provisions hereof. 

(c) This Amendment
may not be amended or otherwise modified except as provided in the Amended Credit Agreement. 

(d) The failure or unenforceability of
any provision hereof shall not affect the other provisions of this Amendment. 

(e) Whenever the context and construction so require,
all words used in the singular number herein shall be deemed to have been used in the plural, and vice versa, and the masculine gender shall include the feminine and neuter and the neuter shall include the masculine and feminine. 

(f) This Amendment, together with the Amended Credit Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, represents the final agreement
between the parties only with respect to the subject matter expressly covered hereby and may not be contradicted by evidence of prior, contemporaneous or subsequent oral agreements between the parties. There are no unwritten oral agreements between
the parties. 

(g) THIS AMENDMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND
CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

(h) Each of the Collateral Administrator, the
Collateral Custodian and the Collateral Agent are hereby authorized and directed to execute and deliver this Amendment. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Amendment to be executed by
their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first written above. 

GROUSE FUNDING LLC, as Borrower

By: Apollo Debt Solutions BDC, its sole member

By: 

/s/ Kristin Hester

Name: Kristin Hester

Title: Chief Legal Officer

GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, as Syndication Agent and Administrative Agent

By: 

/s/ Ted Moscoso

Name: Ted Moscoso

Title: Managing Director

GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, as Lender

By: 

/s/ Ted Moscoso

Name: Ted Moscoso

Title: Managing Director

STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMPANY, as Collateral Custodian and Collateral Agent

By: 

/s/ Paul Fitzgibbon

Name: Paul Fitzgibbon

Title: Vice President

VIRTUS GROUP, LP, as Collateral Administrator

By: 

/s/ Paul Plank

Name: Paul Plank

Title: Authorized Signatory

Acknowledged and Agreed:

APOLLO DEBT SOLUTIONS BDC, as Guarantor and Investment
Manager

By: 

/s/ Kristin Hester

Name: Kristin Hester

Title: Chief Legal Officer

Exhibit A 

[Attached] 

Conformed through First
Amendment dated January 30, 2025

CREDIT AGREEMENT 

dated as
of July 7, 2022 

by and among 

GROUSE FUNDING LLC, 

as
Borrower, 

VARIOUS LENDERS, 

GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, 

as
Syndication Agent 

GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, 

as Administrative Agent 

STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMPANY, 

as Collateral Agent and Collateral Custodian 

VIRTUS GROUP, LP, as Collateral Administrator

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

SECTION 1. DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 1 

1.1. Definitions 1 

1.2. Accounting Terms 53 

1.3. Interpretation, Etc. 53 

1.4. Assumptions as to Collateral Obligations, Etc. 54 

SECTION 2. LOANS AND COMMITMENTS 55 

2.1. Loans and Commitments 55 

2.2. Pro Rata Shares; Availability of Funds 57 

2.3. Use of Proceeds 58 

2.4. Evidence of Debt; Register; Lenders Books and Records; Notes 58 

2.5. Interest on Loans; Minimum Interest Amount 59 

2.6. Default Interest 60 

2.7. Ancillary Amounts; Etc. 60 

2.8. Prepayments; Voluntary Commitment Reductions 61 

2.9. Required Principal Payments 62 

2.10. [Reserved] 63 

2.11. General Provisions Regarding Payments 63 

2.12. Ratable Sharing 63 

2.13. Making or Maintaining Loans 64 

2.14. Increased Costs; Capital Adequacy 65 

2.15. Taxes; Withholding, Etc. 66 

2.16. Obligation to Mitigate 69 

2.17. Defaulting Lenders 69 

2.18. Removal or Replacement of a Lender 70 

2.19. Obligations Absolute 71 

2.20. Benchmark Replacement 71 

2.21. Valuation Disputes 72 

SECTION 3. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 74 

3.1. Initial Credit Date 74 

3.2. Conditions to Each Credit Extension 76 

SECTION 4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 77 

4.1. Organization; Requisite Power and Authority; Qualification 77 

4.2. Equity Interests; Ownership; Collateral Obligations 77 

4.3. Due Authorization 78 

4.4. No Conflict 78 

4.5. Governmental Consents 78 

4.6. Binding Obligation 78 

i 

4.7. Adverse Proceedings, Etc. 78 

4.8. Payment of Taxes 79 

4.9. Properties 79 

4.10. No Defaults 79 

4.11. Material Contracts 79 

4.12. Governmental Regulation 79 

4.13. Federal Reserve Regulations; Exchange Act 79 

4.14. Employee Benefit Plans 79 

4.15. Solvency 80 

4.16. Compliance with Statutes, Etc. 80 

4.17. Disclosure 80 

4.18. Sanctioned Persons; Anti-Corruption Laws; PATRIOT Act 80 

SECTION 5. COVENANTS 81 

5.1. Compliance with Laws, Etc. 81 

5.2. Maintenance of Books and Records 81 

5.3. Existence of Borrower, Etc. 81 

5.4. Protection of Collateral 82 

5.5. Opinions as to Collateral 83 

5.6. Performance of Obligations 84 

5.7. Negative Covenants 84 

5.8. No Consolidation 86 

5.9. No Other Business; Etc. 86 

5.10. Compliance with Investment Management Agreement 87 

5.11. Certain Tax Matters 87 

5.12. Certain Regulations 87 

5.13. Transaction Data Room 88 

5.14. Financial and Other Information; Notices 88 

5.15. Inspections, Etc. 88 

SECTION 6. ACCOUNTS; ACCOUNTINGS AND RELEASES 89 

6.1. Collection of Money 89 

6.2. Collection Accounts 91 

6.3. Other Transaction Accounts 92 

6.4. Reports by Collateral Agent 94 

6.5. Accountings 95 

6.6. Additional Reports 99 

6.7. Delivery of Pledged Obligations; Custody Documents; Etc. 99 

6.8. Custodianship and Release of Collateral 101 

6.9. Procedures Relating to the Establishment of Transaction Accounts Controlled by the Collateral Agent 102 

ii 

SECTION 7. APPLICATION OF MONIES 103 

SECTION 8. SALE OF COLLATERAL OBLIGATIONS; SUBSTITUTION; AMENDMENTS 107 

8.1. Sales of Collateral Obligations 107 

8.2. Trading Restrictions 108 

8.3. Affiliate Transactions 110 

8.4. Purchase and Delivery of Collateral Obligations and Other Actions 111 

8.5. Amendments to Underlying Instruments 111 

SECTION 9. EVENTS OF DEFAULT 112 

SECTION 10. THE AGENTS 115 

10.1. Appointment of Agents 115 

10.2. Powers and Duties 116 

10.3. General Immunity 117 

10.4. Agents Entitled to Act as Lender 121 

10.5. Lenders Representations, Warranties and Acknowledgment 121 

10.6. Right to Indemnity 122 

10.7. Successor Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent 122 

10.8. Collateral Documents 123 

10.9. Withholding Taxes 125 

10.10. Administrative Agent May File Bankruptcy Disclosure and Proofs of Claim 125 

SECTION 11. MISCELLANEOUS 126 

11.1. Notices 126 

11.2. Expenses 127 

11.3. Indemnity 128 

11.4. Set-Off 128 

11.5. Amendments and Waivers 129 

11.6. Successors and Assigns; Participations 130 

11.7. Independence of Covenants 134 

11.8. Survival of Representations, Warranties and Agreements 134 

11.9. No Waiver; Remedies Cumulative 134 

11.10. Marshalling; Payments Set Aside 134 

11.11. Severability 134 

11.12. Obligations Several; Independent Nature of Lenders Rights 135 

11.13. Headings 135 

11.14. APPLICABLE LAW 135 

11.15. CONSENT TO JURISDICTION 135 

11.16. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 136 

11.17. Usury Savings Clause 136 

11.18. Effectiveness; Counterparts 136 

11.19. PATRIOT Act 137 

iii 

11.20. Electronic Execution of Assignments 137 

11.21. No Fiduciary Duty 137 

11.22. Judgment Currency 138 

11.23. Confidentiality 138 

SECTION 12. SUBORDINATION 140 

SECTION 13. ASSIGNMENT OF INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT 141 

SECTION 14. COLLATERAL CUSTODIAN 143 

APPENDICES: A Commitments

B Notice Addresses

C-1 Borrower Subsidiaries

C-2 Collateral Obligations

SCHEDULES: A Financial and Other Information

B GICS Industry Classifications

EXHIBITS: A Form of Funding Notice

B-1 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate

(For Foreign Lenders that are not Partnerships)

B-2 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate

(For Foreign Participants that are not Partnerships)

B-3 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate

(For Foreign Participants that are Partnerships)

B-4 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate

(For Foreign Lenders that are Partnerships)

C Form of Assignment Agreement

D Form of Request for Release of Custody Documents

iv 

CREDIT AGREEMENT 

This CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of July 7, 2022 is entered into by and among: 

(a) GROUSE FUNDING LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Borrower); 

(b) the Lenders party hereto from time to time; 

(c) GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA (Goldman Sachs), as syndication agent (in such capacity, the
Syndication Agent); 

(d) GOLDMAN SACHS, in its capacity as Administrative Agent (in such capacity,
the Administrative Agent); 

(e) STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMPANY, a trust company with trust
powers organized and existing under the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, in its capacity as Collateral Agent (State Street and, in such capacity, the Collateral Agent); 

(f) State Street, in its capacity as Collateral Custodian (in such capacity, the Collateral
Custodian); and 

(g) VIRTUS GROUP, LP, in its capacity as Collateral Administrator (in such capacity, the
Collateral Administrator). 

RECITALS 

Capitalized terms used in these recitals and in the preamble shall have the respective meanings given to such terms in Section 1.1
hereof. 

The Borrower has requested the Lenders to make available to it a revolving credit facility hereunder in an aggregate principal
amount not to exceed the Adjusted Maximum Facility Amount as in effect from time to time, the proceeds of which will be used by the Borrower to Acquire certain Collateral Obligations, to pay certain fees and expenses and for the other limited
purposes set forth in Section 2.3 hereof. 

The Borrower has agreed to secure all of the Obligations by granting to the Collateral
Agent, for the benefit of Secured Parties, a Lien on all of its assets, all on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein and in the other Transaction Documents. 

The Borrower and the other Credit Parties form an affiliated group of Persons, and each Credit Party will derive substantial direct and
indirect benefits from the making of the Loans to the Borrower hereunder (which benefits are hereby acknowledged by each Credit Party hereto). 

Accordingly, in consideration of the premises and the agreements, provisions and covenants herein contained, the parties hereto agree as
follows: 

SECTION 1. DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 

1.1. Definitions. 

The following terms used herein, including in the preamble, recitals, exhibits and schedules hereto, shall have the following meanings: 

1 

Accounts Securities Intermediary means the person acting as Securities
Intermediary under the Securities Account Control Agreement. 

Acquire means to purchase, enter into, originate, receive
by contribution or otherwise acquire. The terms Acquired, Acquiring and Acquisition have correlative meanings. 

Additional Documentation means, for each Collateral Obligation, all Underlying Instruments for such Collateral Obligation
required to be delivered to the Collateral Custodian in accordance with the Transaction Documents that do not constitute part of the Preliminary Documentation Package for such Collateral Obligation. 

Additional Information Request is defined in Section 3.2(a). 

Additional Reports is defined in Section 6.6. 

Additional Value Adjustment Events means, with respect to any Collateral Obligation, such events or circumstances (if any)
as may be agreed in writing between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent as Additional Value Adjustment Events with respect to such Collateral Obligation at the time a Borrower Entity first Acquires such Collateral Obligation. 

Adjusted Balance means, for any Collateral Obligation at any time, the product of: 

(a) the Collateral Obligation Notional Amount of such Collateral Obligation at such time; and 

(b) (i) for purposes of calculating the Collateral Portfolio Calculation Base, Collateral Portfolio Requirements,
and Excess Concentration Amount, the Assigned Price of such Collateral Obligation and (ii) for all other purposes, the Revalued Price of such Collateral Obligation, 

provided that: 

(1) unless otherwise waived by the Administrative Agent, the Adjusted Balance of any Collateral Obligation that does not
satisfy the Collateral Obligation Criteria at such time (or did not satisfy any such criteria at the time of the Acquisition of the Collateral Obligation, in the case of those evaluated as of the time of Acquisition, as set forth in the definition
of Collateral Obligation Criteria) shall be zero; 

(2) the Adjusted Balance of each Collateral Obligation for which
the Unapproved Originated Collateral Obligation Condition applies shall be zero, or such other amount determined by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion; and 

(3) the Adjusted Balance of any Collateral Obligation may be changed from time to time pursuant to Section 8.5. 

Adjusted Maximum Facility Amount means, at any time, the Maximum Facility Amount at such time minus the aggregate
amount of Voluntary Commitment Reductions effected prior to such time. 

Administrative Agent is defined in the
preamble. 

Administrative Agent Cooperation Agreement means the Administrative Agent Cooperation Agreement dated on or
around the Closing Date between Apollo Debt Solutions BDC and Grouse Funding LLC, as consenting parties, the Borrower and the Collateral Agent. 

2 

Administrative
Agent Fee Letter means the Administrative Agent Fee Letter dated on or around the First Amendment Date between the Administrative Agent and the Borrower with respect to certain fees to be paid from time to time to the Administrative Agent
(as amended, supplemented or modified from time to time).

Administrative Expense Cap means, for any Payment Date, an amount in the Specified Currencies having a Dollar Equivalent as
of such Payment Date equal to $250,000. 

Administrative Expenses means amounts (other than any Reserved Expenses) due
or accrued with respect to any Payment Date (including all fees, expenses and indemnities) and payable in the following order to: 

(a) the Bank Parties and the Collateral Administrator under the Bank Party Fee Letter and the other Transaction
Documents; 

(b) [reserved]the Administrative Agent under the Administrative Agent Fee Letter;

(c) the Investment Manager (other than any Investment Management Fee or Successor Management Fees) under the
Investment Management Agreement, including legal fees and expenses of counsel to the Investment Manager; 

(d) the
Special Member pursuant to the Constitutive Documents in respect of services provided to the Borrower thereunder; 

(e) the agents and counsel of the Borrower Entities for fees, including retainers, and expenses (including the expenses
associated with complying with FATCA and any other tax compliance regulations); and 

(f) without duplication, any
Person in respect of any other reasonable fees or expenses of the Borrower Entities (including in respect of any indemnity obligations, if applicable) not prohibited under this Agreement and any reports and documents delivered pursuant to or in
connection with this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. 

Advance Rate means, for each Collateral
Obligation, the advance rate determined by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion in connection with its approval of such Collateral Obligation and review of the relevant Diligence Information, but with the Administrative Agent to refer to
the following indicative advance rates (the Indicative Advance Rates) (and unless in each case otherwise agreed between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent): 

(a) if such Collateral Obligation is both a First Lien Collateral Obligation and a Syndicated Collateral Obligation, 75%;

(b) if such Collateral Obligation is both a Second Lien Collateral Obligation and a Syndicated Collateral
Obligation, 45% 

(c) if such Collateral Obligation is a First Lien Collateral Obligation but not a Syndicated
Collateral Obligation: 

With respect to the portion of such 67.5 % 

Collateral Obligation with a Senior 

Net Leverage Ratio below 5.5 to 1.0 

With respect to the portion of such 45 % 

Collateral Obligation with a Senior 

Net Leverage Ratio above 5.5 to 1.0 

3 

With respect to the portion of such 0 % 

Collateral Obligation with a Senior 

Net Leverage Ratio above 7.0 to 1.0 

(d) if such Collateral Obligation is a Senior Unitranche Loan: 

With respect to the portion of such 65 % 

Collateral Obligation with a Senior 

Net Leverage Ratio below 5.5 to 1.0 

With respect to the portion of such 45 % 

Collateral Obligation with a Senior 

Net Leverage Ratio above 5.5 to 1.0 

With respect to the portion of such 0 % 

Collateral Obligation with a Senior 

Net Leverage Ratio above 7.0 to 1.0 

(e) if such Collateral Obligation is a Recurring Revenue Loan, 60%; 

(f) if such Collateral Obligation is a Second Lien Collateral Obligation, a Unitranche with Subordinating First-in-First
Out Obligation or an Unsecured Bond, 40%; 

provided that: 

(1) the Advance Rate for any Collateral Obligation in respect of which a Bankruptcy Event has occurred with respect the
related obligor shall be zero; 

(2) the Advance Rate for each Collateral Obligation that is a Participation that has
not been elevated to an outright assignment shall be reduced by 15% of par on the 60th day after the date on which such Participation was Acquired (for example, if the Advance Rate determined for
such Collateral Obligation would initially be equal to 50%, then the Advance Rate after giving effect to this clause (2) would be equal to 35%); and 

(3) the Advance Rate for each Collateral Obligation that is a Participation that has not been elevated to an outright
assignment shall be reduced to zero on the 90th day after the date on which such Participation was Acquired. 

Adverse Proceeding means any action, suit, proceeding, hearing (in each case, whether administrative, judicial or
otherwise), governmental investigation or arbitration (whether or not purportedly on behalf of any Credit Party) at law or in equity, or before or by any Governmental Authority, domestic or foreign (including any environmental claims), whether
pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened against or affecting any Credit Party or any property of any Credit Party. 

Affected Lender and Affected Loans are defined in Section 2.13(b). 

Affiliate or Affiliated means, with respect to a Person, (a) any other Person who, directly
or indirectly, is in control of, or controlled by, or is under common control with, such Person or (b) any other Person who is a director, officer or employee (1) of such Person, (2) of any Subsidiary or parent company of such Person
or (3) of any Person described in subclause (a) above. For purposes of this definition, control of a Person shall mean the power, direct or indirect, (x) to vote more than 50% of the securities having ordinary voting power for the
election of directors of any such Person or (y) to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person whether by contract or otherwise; provided that the term Affiliate shall not include any Affiliate
relationship that may exist solely as a result of the direct or indirect ownership of, or control by, a common financial sponsor. With respect to the Borrower, this definition shall exclude the Special Member, its Affiliates and any other special
purpose vehicle to which the Special Member is or will be providing administrative services, as a result solely of the Special Member acting in such capacity or capacities. 

4 

Agent means each of (a) the Administrative Agent (including as
Calculation Agent), (b) the Syndication Agent, (c) the Collateral Agent, (d) the Collateral Custodian, (e) the Collateral Administrator, (f) the Accounts Securities Intermediary, (g) the other Bank Parties and
(h) any other Person appointed under and in accordance with the Transaction Documents to serve in an agent or similar capacity (including, in each of the foregoing cases (a) through (h), any of their respective receivers or delegates
permitted under the Transaction Documents). For the purposes hereof and the other Transaction Documents, the Investment Manager shall not constitute an Agent. 

Agent Affiliates is defined in Section 11.1(b)(3). 

Agent Fee Letter means the Bank Party Fee
Letter and the Administrative Agent Fee Letter. 

Agent Fees is defined in Section 2.7(a). 

Aggregate Amounts Due is defined in Section 2.12. 

Aggregate Principal Amount means, when used with respect to any or all of the Collateral Obligations, Eligible Investments
or Cash, the aggregate of the Principal Balances of such Collateral Obligations, Eligible Investments or Cash on the date of determination. 

Agreement means this Credit Agreement. 

Amendment is defined in Section 8.5. 

Amortization Period means the period commencing on the last day of the Reinvestment Period and ending on the earlier of the
Maturity Date and the date as of which the Commitments have been terminated and all Obligations have been paid in full. 

Ancillary Amounts means all Non-Utilization Fees and Make-Whole Amounts payable hereunder. 

Anti-Corruption Laws is defined in Section 4.18. 

Applicable Integral Multiples means, for each borrowing and Voluntary Prepayment, $1. 

Applicable Minimum Amounts means, for each borrowing and Voluntary Prepayment, $1,000,000 (or, if such borrowing is in
connection with the funding of a Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation, $1). 

Approval Period is defined in
Section 8.5. 

Approved Broker Dealer means any of Banco Santander; Bank of America/Merrill Lynch; The Bank of
Montreal; Barclays Bank plc; BMO Capital Markets Corp, BNP Paribas; CIT Bank, N.A.; Citibank, N.A.; Citizens Bank N.A.; Credit Suisse; Deutsche Bank AG; Fifth Third Bank; Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC; HSBC; Jefferies LLC; JPMorgan Chase Bank,
N.A.; KeyBank Capital Markets; Macquarie Group Limited; Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC; Nomura Securities Co., Ltd.; PNC Bank; Raymond James Financial; RBC Capital Markets LLC; Royal Bank of Canada; The Royal Bank of Scotland; Scotiabank;
Socit Gnrale; TD Bank; Truist Bank; UBS AG; and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association; and any other nationally recognized broker-dealer or nationally recognized quotation service approved by the Investment Manager
and the Administrative Agent from time to time in their reasonable 

5 

discretion; provided that each of CIT Bank, N.A.; Citizens Bank N.A., KeyBank Capital Markets and Raymond James Financial shall be approved Broker Dealers solely for purposes of the definition of
Firm Bid and Section 2.21(c)(2). 

Approved Electronic Communications means any notice, demand,
communication, information, document or other material that is distributed by means of electronic communications pursuant to Section 11.1(b). 

Approved Valuation Firm means each of Duff & Phelps Corp., FTI Consulting, Inc., Houlihan Lokey, Lincoln
International LLC, Alvarez & Marsal, and any other nationally recognized accounting firm or valuation firm approved by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in their reasonable discretion. 

Asset Amortized Amount means, in respect of a Collateral Obligation on any day, an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of
the Collateral Obligation Notional Amount for such Collateral Obligation on such day (after giving effect on a pro-rata basis to any repurchase, repayment or tender offer in respect of that Collateral Obligation). 

Asset Current Price means, on any date of determination, in (a) in respect of a Syndicated Collateral Obligation, the
bid side market value of that Collateral Obligation quoted by Loan Pricing Corporation, Mark-it Partners or Interactive Data Corporation or quoted by another nationally recognized broker-dealer or nationally recognized quotation service chosen by
the Investment Manager (expressed as a percentage of par of the related Collateral Obligation Notional Amount but excluding any accrued interest), as determined by the Calculation Agent and (b) in respect of all other Collateral Obligations,
the market value of that Collateral Obligation (expressed as a percentage of par of the related Collateral Obligation Notional Amount but excluding any accrued interest), as determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith, in each case subject to
the provisions for a Dispute of such price set forth in Section 2.21; provided that, if such Collateral Obligation is an Unsettled Sale Asset on such date, then the Asset Current Price for such Collateral Obligation shall be
the Expected Settlement Price (expressed as a percentage of par of the related Collateral Obligation Notional Amount but excluding any accrued interest) thereof at such time. 

Assignable Loan means a Loan Obligation that is capable of being assigned or novated to, at a minimum, commercial banks or
financial institutions (irrespective of their jurisdiction of organization) that are not then a lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate, without the consent of the borrower or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan Obligation or any agent.

Assigned Price means, in respect of a Collateral Obligation on any date, the value of such Collateral Obligation
(expressed as a percentage of par but excluding any accrued interest) at the time such Collateral Obligation is Acquired by a Borrower Entity, as agreed between the Borrower and the Calculation Agent at such time; provided that, if the
Borrower and the Calculation Agent shall for any reason fail to agree on an Assigned Price for such Collateral Obligation: 

(a) if such Collateral Obligation is originated by a Borrower Entity in an arms-length transaction, then such Assigned
Price shall be determined by the Calculation Agent (and expressed as a percentage of par but excluding any accrued interest) as the lower of (1) the aggregate principal amount advanced by the Borrower Entities in such origination and
(2) the par amount of such Collateral Obligation net of original issue discount thereon (determined taking into account all fees, deductions and other offsets received by the Borrower Entities, and all other property received by the Borrower
Entities, in connection with such Collateral Obligation); and 

(b) if clause (a) above does not apply, then such
Assigned Price shall be determined by the Calculation Agent (and expressed as a percentage of par but excluding any accrued interest), in its sole and absolute discretion. 

6 

If a Borrower Entity has Committed to Acquire a Collateral Obligation in more than one lot
and/or a Collateral Obligation has been added to the Underlying Portfolio in more than one lot (for example, by Commitments or Acquisitions on separate days), then each lot of such a Collateral Obligation shall be treated as separate Collateral
Obligations for purposes of determining the Assigned Prices therefor. 

Assignment Agreement means: 

(a) with respect to the Loans and the Commitments, an Assignment and Assumption Agreement substantially in the form of
Exhibit C, with such amendments or modifications as may be approved by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower; and 

(b) with respect to any Collateral Obligation, an assignment and assumption agreement in the form required, pursuant to
the related Underlying Instruments, for the transfer by the applicable Borrower Entity of all or a portion of the legal and beneficial interest in such Collateral Obligation. If no form of assignment and assumption agreement is required, pursuant to
the related Underlying Instruments, for the transfer of all or a portion of the for the transfer by such Borrower Entity of all or a portion of the legal and beneficial interest in such Collateral Obligation, then the Assignment
Agreement for such Collateral Obligation shall be a reference to the form of assignment and assumption agreement, and any related documents, that are customary in the relevant market for the transfer of the legal and beneficial interest in
such Collateral Obligation. 

Assignment Effective Date is defined in Section 11.6(b). 

Authorized Officer means: 

(a) With respect to each Borrower Entity, any Officer of such Person or any other Person who is authorized to act for
such Person in matters relating to, and binding upon, such Person (which, in the case of the Investment Manager, shall be an Authorized Officer of the Investment Manager). 

(b) With respect to the Investment Manager, any officer, employee or agent of the Investment Manager who is authorized to
act for the Investment Manager in matters relating to, and binding upon, the Investment Manager with respect to the subject matter of the request, certificate or order in question. 

(c) With respect to the Collateral Administrator or the Collateral Custodian, any officer, employee or agent of the
Collateral Administrator who is authorized to act for the Collateral Administrator in matters relating to, and binding upon, the Collateral Administrator with respect to the subject matter of the request, certificate or order in question. 

(d) With respect to the Collateral Custodian, any officer, employee or agent of such Person who is authorized to act for
such Person in matters relating to, and binding upon, such Person respect to the subject matter of the request, certificate or order in question. 

(e) With respect to the Collateral Agent or any other bank or trust company acting as trustee of an express trust or as
custodian, a Trust Officer. 

(f) With respect to the Administrative Agent, any officer thereof who has responsibility
with respect to the administration of this Agreement. 

Each party may receive and accept a certification (which shall include contact
information and email addresses) of the authority of any other party as conclusive evidence of the authority of any Person to act, and such certification may be considered as in full force and effect until receipt by such other party of written
notice to the contrary. 

7 

Availability Period means the period from and including the Closing Date
to but excluding the earlier of (a) the last day of the Reinvestment Period and (b) the date of the termination of the Commitments in full pursuant to Section 2.8(b) or Section 9. 

Balance means on any date, with respect to Cash or Eligible Investments in any account, the aggregate of (1) the
current balance of Cash, demand deposits, time deposits, certificates of deposit and federal funds; (2) the principal amount of interest-bearing corporate and government securities, money market accounts and repurchase obligations; and
(3) the purchase price or the accreted value, as applicable, (but not greater than the face amount) of non-interest-bearing government and corporate securities and commercial paper. 

Bank means State Street, a Massachusetts trust company, in its individual capacity and not as Agent, and any successor
thereto. 

Bank Parties means the Bank, in its capacities as Collateral Agent, Collateral Custodian, Account Securities
Intermediary and in its other capacities hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents. 

Bank Party Fee Letter
means the Fee Letter dated on or around the Closing Date, as amended from time to
time, among the Bank Parties and the Borrower with
respect to certain fees to be paid from time to time to the Bank Parties and its Affiliates in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. 

Bankruptcy Event means, with respect to a specified Person, (a) the filing of a decree or order for relief by a court
having jurisdiction in the premises in respect of such Person or any substantial part of its property in an involuntary case under the Bankruptcy Code or any other applicable insolvency Law now or hereafter in effect, or appointing a receiver,
liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator or similar official for such Person or for any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding-up or liquidation of such Persons affairs, and such decree or order shall remain
unstayed and in effect for a period of sixty (60) consecutive days; or (b) the commencement by such Person of a voluntary case under the Bankruptcy Code or any other applicable insolvency Law now or hereafter in effect, or the consent by
such Person to the entry of an order for relief in an involuntary case under any such Law, or the consent by such Person to the appointment of or taking possession by a receiver, an administrator, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee,
sequestrator or similar official for such Person or for any substantial part of its property, or the making by such Person of any general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the failure by such Person generally to pay its debts as such debts
become due, or the taking of action by such Person in furtherance of any of the foregoing. 

Bankruptcy Code means Title
11 of the United States Code entitled Bankruptcy. 

Base Rate means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to
the greatest of (i) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (ii) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day plus 12 of 1% and (iii) the sum of
(a) the applicable interest rate (after giving effect to any floor) that would be payable on such day for a Loan bearing interest based on such interest rate with a one-month interest period plus (b) 1.0%. Any change in the
Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate or the Federal Funds Effective Rate shall be effective on the effective day of such change in the Prime Rate or the Federal Funds Effective Rate, respectively. The Agents or Lenders may make commercial
loans or other loans at rates of interest at, above or below the Base Rate or any rate referred to in the definition thereof. 

Basel III means, collectively, those certain agreements on capital and liquidity standards contained in Basel III: A
Global Regulatory Framework for More Resilient Banks and Banking Systems, Basel III: International Framework for Liquidity Risk Measurement, Standards and Monitoring, and 

8 

Guidance for National Authorities Operating the Countercyclical Capital Buffer, each as published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision in December 2010 (as revised from time
to time), and Basel III: The Liquidity Coverage Ratio and Liquidity Risk Monitoring Tools, as published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision in January 2013 (as revised from time to time), and, in each case, as implemented by
such Lenders primary U.S. bank regulatory authority. 

Benchmark means, Term SOFR; provided that if a
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to SOFR or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable alternate benchmark rate. 

Benchmark Administrator means (a) in the case of Term SOFR, CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a
successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) and (b) in the case of any successor Benchmark, the body identified by the Administrative Agent as the administrator of
such Benchmark. 

Benchmark Replacement means the sum of (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by
the Administrative Agent and the Borrower giving due consideration to (1) any selection or recommendation of a replacement rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (2) any evolving or
then-prevailing market convention for determining a rate of interest as a replacement to the existing Benchmark for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the relevant Specified Currency and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement
Adjustment. If the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to the definition hereof would be less than 0.0%, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be 0.0% for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. 

Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of a Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark
Replacement for each applicable Interest Period, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the
Borrower giving due consideration to (1) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of a Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark
Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body or (2) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of a Benchmark with
the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the relevant Specified Currency at such time. 

Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or
operational changes (including changes to the definition of Base Rate, the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and other administrative matters) that the
Administrative Agent decides, in consultation with the Borrower, may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner
substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the
administration of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement). 

Benchmark Replacement Date means the earlier to occur of the following events with respect to a Benchmark: 

(a) in the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event the later of
(1) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (2) the date on which the Benchmark Administrator permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide such Benchmark; or 

9 

(b) in the case of clause (c) of the definition of
Benchmark Transition Event the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 

Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to a Benchmark: 

(a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the Benchmark Administrator announcing that such
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide a Benchmark, permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide such Benchmark; 

(b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the Benchmark Administrator, the
United States Federal Reserve System, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the Benchmark Administrator, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the Benchmark Administrator or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution
authority over the Benchmark Administrator, which states that the Benchmark Administrator has ceased or will cease to provide a Benchmark permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no
successor administrator that will continue to provide such Benchmark; or 

(c) a public statement or publication of
information by the regulatory supervisor for the Benchmark Administrator announcing that a Benchmark is no longer representative. 

Benchmark Transition Start Date means the earlier of (1) the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and (2) if
such Benchmark Transition Event is a public statement or publication of information of a prospective event, the 90th day prior to the expected date of such event as of such public statement or publication of information (or if the expected date of
such prospective event is fewer than 90 days after such statement or publication, the date of such statement or publication). 

Benchmark Unavailability Period means, if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have
occurred with respect to a Benchmark and solely to the extent that such Benchmark has not been replaced with a Benchmark Replacement, the period (a) beginning at the time that such Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred if, at such time, no
Benchmark Replacement has replaced such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder in accordance with Section 2.20 and (b) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder pursuant to
Section 2.20. 

Bid Disqualification Condition means, with respect to any bid submitted by any third party on any
date, in the Calculation Agents commercially reasonable judgment: 

(a) either (x) such third party is
ineligible to accept assignment or transfer of the relevant Collateral Obligation or any portion thereof, as applicable, substantially in accordance with the then-current market practice in the principal market for such relevant Collateral
Obligation, as reasonably determined by the Calculation Agent, or (y) such third party would not, through the exercise of its commercially reasonable efforts, be able to obtain any consent required under any agreement or instrument governing or
otherwise relating to such Collateral Obligation to the assignment or transfer of such Collateral Obligation or such portion thereof, as applicable, to it; or 

(b) such bid is not bona fide, including due to (x) the insolvency of the bidder, (y) the inability, failure or
refusal of the bidder to settle the purchase of such Collateral Obligation or any portion thereof, as applicable, or otherwise settle transactions in the relevant market or perform its obligations generally or (z) such bid not accurately
reflecting the transfer of the credit risk of such Collateral Obligation through its maturity. 

10 

Board of Directors means, with respect to each Borrower Entity, the
directors or managers of such Borrower Entity duly appointed by the members of such Borrower Entity. 

Board of
Governors means the Board of Governors of the United States Federal Reserve System. 

Bond means any debt
security or other obligation that is not a loan. 

Borrower is defined in the preamble. 

Borrower Entity means each of the Borrower and each Permitted Additional Subsidiary. 

Borrower Order and Borrower Request mean a written order or request (which may be a standing order)
dated and signed in the name of the Borrower by an Authorized Officer of the Borrower or by an Authorized Officer of the Investment Manager, as the context may require or permit. An order or request provided in an email or other electronic
communication by an Authorized Officer of the Borrower or by an Authorized Officer of the Investment Manager shall constitute a Borrower Order, except in each case to the extent the Collateral Agent requests otherwise in writing. 

Borrower Sale and Contribution Agreement means the Sale and Contribution Agreement dated on or around the Closing Date
between the Seller and the Borrower. 

Borrowing Base Amount means, on any date, an amount in USD equal to: 

(a) the sum, for each Collateral Obligation, of the product of: 

(1) the Advance Rate for such Collateral Obligation as of such date; 

(2) the Adjusted Balance of such Collateral Obligation as of such date; and 

(3) the Current FX Rate for such Collateral Obligation as of such date; minus

(b) the sum for each Collateral Obligation having an Excess Concentration Amount of the product of 

(1) the Advance Rate for such Collateral Obligation as of such date; 

(2) such Excess Concentration Amount; and 

(3) the Current FX Rate for such Collateral Obligation as of such date; plus

(c) the Dollar Equivalent of the amount on deposit in the Principal Collection Account and in the Margin Account as of
such date; minus

(d) the Unfunded Exposure Amount (net of the Dollar Equivalent of the amount on deposit in
the Unfunded Reserve Account). 

11 

Borrowing Base Amount (Initial) means, for any Collateral Obligation at
any time, an amount (in USD) equal to the product of: 

(a) the Advance Rate for such Collateral Obligation as of the
date on which such Collateral Obligation was Acquired by a Borrower Entity; 

(b) the Adjusted Balance of such
Collateral Obligation at such time of determination; and 

(c) the Initial FX Rate for such Collateral Obligation.

Borrowing Base Deficiency means, at any time, the excess (if any) of: 

(a) the Loan Amount at such time; over

(b) the Borrowing Base Amount at such time. 

Breakage Event is defined in Section 2.13(c). 

BSL Calculation Period means each period from and including a Payment Date (or in the case of the first such period, the
initial Credit Date) to but excluding the immediately following Payment Date. 

BSL Concentration Percentage means a
percentage determined on each Payment Date, with respect to the BSL Calculation Period ending on but excluding such Payment Date, equal to the lesser of (a) 60% and (b) the weighted average Collateral Type 1 Percentage (based on the
respective outstanding amounts of each Loan on each day during such BSL Calculation Period). 

BSL Rebate Amount means,
on each Payment Date, an amount in USD determined in relation to each BSL Calculation Period ending on but excluding such Payment Date of the product of (a)
0.550.35% times (b) the BSL Concentration Percentage times (c) an amount equal to the greater of (i) the weighted average of the Loan Amount on each day during such BSL Calculation Period and (ii) the
product of (A) the Adjusted Maximum Facility Amount and (B) the Target Utilization Percentage times (d) the actual number of days in such BSL Calculation Period divided by 360. 

Business Day means any day except Saturday, Sunday and any day which shall be in New York, New York, a legal holiday or a
day on which banking institutions are authorized or required by law or other government action to close. 

Calculation
Agent means the Administrative Agent in its capacity as Calculation Agent under the Margining Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. Unless otherwise expressly stated herein, all determinations by the Calculation Agent
hereunder shall be made in its sole and absolute discretion. 

Cash means (a) such coin or currency of the United
States of America as at the time shall be legal tender for payment of all public and private debts and (b) funds denominated in any other Specified Currencies. 

Cause Event is defined in Section 13(g). 

Certificated Security is defined in Section 8-102(a)(4) of the UCC. 

Change in Law means the occurrence, after the Closing Date, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect
of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of
any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority; provided that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer
Protection Act and all 

12 

requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International
Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in
Law, regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued. 

Clean-Up Call Event means an event that will be deemed
to occur (at any time during the Amortization Period) if either: 

(a) the Loan Amount is less than U.S.$75,000,000;
or 

(b) with respect to the Collateral Obligations Acquired by the Borrower, the number of unique obligors (with
their respective affiliates) in the Collateral Portfolio is 5 or less. 

Clean-Up Call Prepayment is defined in
Section 2.9(b). 

Clearing Agency means an organization registered as a clearing agency pursuant to
Section 17A of the Exchange Act. 

Clearing Corporation is defined in Section 8-102(a)(5) of the UCC. 

Clearing Corporation Security means an obligation that is a Financial Asset that is registered in the name of a Clearing
Corporation or the nominee of such Clearing Corporation and, if a Certificated Security, is held in the custody of such Clearing Corporation. 

Closing Date means July 7, 2022. 

Code means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 

Collateral means, collectively, all of the real, personal and mixed property (including Equity Interests) in which Liens
are purported to be granted to the Collateral Agent pursuant to the Transaction Documents as security for the Obligations. 

Collateral Account means the segregated trust account or accounts maintained pursuant to Section 6.3(e). 

Collateral Administration Agreement means a collateral administration agreement dated on or around the Closing Date among
the Borrower Entities, the Investment Manager and the Collateral Administrator. 

Collateral Administrator means Virtus
Group, LP, solely in its capacity as Collateral Administrator under the Collateral Administration Agreement, until a successor Person shall have become the Collateral Administrator pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Collateral
Administration Agreement, and thereafter Collateral Administrator shall mean such successor Person. 

Collateral
Agent is defined in the preamble. 

Collateral Custodian is defined in the preamble. 

Collateral Custodian Termination Notice is defined in Section 14. 

Collateral Deficit, Collateral Excess and Collateral Threshold are defined in the
Margining Agreement. 

13 

Collateral Documents means the Pledge and Security Agreement, the Equity
Pledge and Security Agreement, the Securities Account Control Agreement, the Power of Attorney and all other instruments, documents and agreements delivered by or on behalf of any Credit Party pursuant to this Agreement or any of the other
Transaction Documents in order to grant to, or perfect in favor of, the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Secured Parties, a Lien on any real, personal or mixed property of that Credit Party as security for the Obligations. 

Collateral Obligation means any Loan Obligation or Bond owned by the Borrower or which the Borrower made a Commitment to
Acquire (including, without limitation, any Unsettled Sale Asset and any Unsettled Purchase Asset), that, at the time a Commitment is made to Acquire such obligation by a Borrower Entity, and at all times thereafter, satisfies each of the Collateral
Obligation Criteria (except in each case to the extent any one or more of such criteria are expressly waived in writing in the manner and to the extent expressly set forth in this Agreement), as determined from time to time by the Administrative
Agent. 

Collateral Obligation Criteria means, with respect to any obligation, each of the following (unless otherwise
waived in writing by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion): 

(a) such obligation is a First Lien
Collateral Obligation, Second Lien Collateral Obligation, Senior Unitranche Loan, Recurring Revenue Loan, Unsecured Bond or Unitranche With Subordinating First-in-First-Out Obligation; 

(b) such obligation has been approved by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the procedures set forth in
Section 8; 

(c) the required Documentation Package has been delivered to the Collateral Custodian; 

(d) at the time of its Acquisition, the Investment Manager has no knowledge of any Material Modification that has been
proposed or is likely to occur as to such obligation; 

(e) such obligation is one as to which the Borrower has good
and marketable title, free and clear of all Liens other than Permitted Liens; 

(f) such obligation is denominated in
a Specified Currency and is neither convertible by the issuer thereof into, nor payable in, any currency other than a Specified Currency; 

(g) as at its date of Acquisition, the related underlying obligor is not subject to a Bankruptcy Event; 

(h) as at its date of Acquisition, such obligation is not one as to which a Failure to Pay has occurred (giving effect to
any applicable cure periods under the Underlying Instruments); 

(i) no portion of such obligation has been
originated, documented, sold or contributed to a Borrower Entity or charged-off, in each case other than in accordance with all applicable policies and procedures of the Investment Manager; 

(j) such obligation is not subject to a proposal or offer by the obligor of such obligation for a Restructuring in which
all or a portion of the principal balance due would be reduced or forgiven; 

(k) such obligation does not mature more
than 8 years after the date on which it was Acquired by the Borrower; 

14 

(l) [Reserved]; 

(m) such obligation is governed by the law of the United States or of any state thereof or by the law of any other
jurisdiction approved by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion; 

(n) such obligation is issued by an
obligor that is Domiciled in the United States or any other jurisdiction approved by the Administrative Agent; 

(o) at the time of its Acquisition, such obligation has an Assigned Price of at least 85% of par; 

(p) its Acquisition will not result in the imposition of stamp duty or stamp duty reserve tax payable by any Borrower
Entity, unless such stamp duty or stamp duty reserve tax has been included in the purchase price of such obligation; 

(q) upon Acquisition, the obligation is capable of being, and will be, the subject of a first fixed charge, a First
Priority security interest or other arrangement having a similar commercial effect in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties (subject to Permitted Liens); 

(r) it is capable of being sold or assigned to or held by such Borrower Entity, together with any associated security,
without any breach of applicable selling restrictions or of any contractual provisions, in each case subject to consent restrictions that are customary to the asset type and the obligor type; 

(s) [Reserved]; 

(t) such obligation is a Transferable Bond, an Assignable Loan or a Consent Required Loan and, in each case, no rights of
first refusal, rights of first offer, last looks, drag along rights or tag along rights (in each case however designated or defined, and whether in the underlying instruments governing such obligation, in any intercreditor agreement or agreement
among lenders relating to such obligation or otherwise) exist in favor of any other holder of such obligation or any other Person; 

(u) if interest on such obligation is from U.S. sources for U.S. federal income tax purposes, such obligation is
Registered; 

(v) such obligation is an obligation with respect to which the relevant Borrower Entity will receive
payments due under the terms of such obligation and proceeds from disposing of such asset free and clear of withholding tax, other than (A) withholding tax as to which the obligor or issuer must make additional payments so that the net amount
received by such Borrower Entity after satisfaction of such tax is the amount due to such Borrower Entity before the imposition of any withholding tax and (B) withholding tax on (x) late payment fees, prepayment fees or other similar fees
and (y) amendment, waiver, consent and extension fees; 

(w) such obligation is not an obligation of Goldman
Sachs & Co. LLC or any of its Affiliates; 

(x) no Credit Party nor any of their respective Affiliates is, or
is an Affiliate of, any obligor on such obligation; 

(y) at the time of its Acquisition, such obligation is not a
Credit Risk Obligation; 

(z) such obligation is not a lease (including a finance lease); 

15 

(aa) such obligation is either an Originated Collateral Obligation or
is Acquired by a Borrower Entity by assignment, and, in either case, such obligation is not a Participation unless: 

(1) such Participation is elevated to an outright assignment no more than 90 days after its Acquisition; 

(2) the Assigned Price of such Participation, together with the Assigned Prices of all other Participations permitted
under this clause (aa), does not at any one time exceed 10% of the Maximum Facility Amount; 

(3) such Participation
provides the Borrower all of the economic benefit and risk of the whole or part of the loan or commitment that is the subject of the Participation and such Participation does not grant, in the aggregate, to the Borrower a greater interest than the
seller holds in the loan or commitment that is the subject of the Participation or not exceed the principal amount of such loan or commitment, 

(4) such Participation is documented under a Loan Syndications and Trading Association, Loan Market Association or
similar agreement standard for loan participation transactions among institutional market participants; and 

(5) such
Participation is not a sub-participation interest. 

(bb) such obligation (if acquired from the Seller) has been
Acquired by the related Borrower Entity pursuant to the terms of the Sale and Contribution Agreement (or other agreements between such Borrower Entity and the Seller satisfactory to the Agent in its sole and absolute discretion); 

(cc) such obligation is not an Interest Only Security; 

(dd) such obligation provides for a fixed amount of principal payable in Cash on scheduled payment dates and/or at
maturity and does not by its terms provide for earlier amortization or prepayment at a price of less than par; 

(ee) such obligation does not constitute Margin Stock, and the Borrower and the Administrative Agent determine that the
value of the Assigned Price would not depend on the value of any Margin Stock directly or indirectly securing such obligation; 

(ff) such obligation is not a revolving loan or other obligation pursuant to which any future advances or payments to the
borrower or the obligor thereof may be required to be made by any Borrower Entity (other than (x) a Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation or (y) to indemnify an agent or representative for lenders pursuant to the Underlying Instruments);

(gg) the Acquisition of such obligation will not require any Borrower Entity, the pool of Collateral to be
registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act; 

(hh) such obligation is not, by its terms,
convertible into or exchangeable for an Ineligible Asset at any time over its life; 

(ii) such obligation is not a
Structured Finance Obligation; 

(jj) such obligation is not a Synthetic Security; 

(kk) such obligation does not include or support a letter of credit; 

16 

(ll) such obligation is not an interest in a grantor trust; 

(mm) such obligation is not issued by an issuer (primary obligor) located in a country, which country on the date on
which the obligation is Acquired by the relevant Borrower Entity imposed foreign exchange controls that effectively limit the availability or use of the Specified Currency in which such obligation is denominated to make when due the scheduled
payments of principal thereof and interest thereon; 

(nn) at the time of its Acquisition, such obligation is not
subject to material non-credit related risk (such as the occurrence of a catastrophe), as reasonably determined by the Investment Manager; and 

(oo) at the time of its Acquisition, if such obligation is a Recurring Revenue Loan, it has (i) at least one
financial covenant, (ii) a maximum loan to value ratio for the Financial Ratio Test Period of 35% and (iii) EBITDA greater than $0. 

Collateral Obligation Notional Amount means, in respect of any Collateral Obligation, the full principal amount of the
Collateral Obligation owned by the Borrower Entities or Committed to be owned by the Borrower Entities, as the case may be. 

Collateral Portfolio means on any date of determination, all Collateral Obligations then owned by the Borrower Entities and
all Collateral Obligations then Committed to be Acquired by the Borrower Entities. 

Collateral Portfolio Calculation
Base means, (i) on any date during the Ramp-Up Period on which the Target Utilization Percentage is 25%, $150,000,000; (ii) on any date during the
Ramp-Up Period on which the Target Utilization Percentage is 50%, $250,000,000 and (iii) on any ,
the greater of $625,000,000 and an amount (in USD) equal to the sum, for all Collateral Obligations included
in the Collateral Portfolio on such date, of the Adjusted Balance for each such Collateral Obligation; and
(ii) on any date after (and excluding) the Ramp-Up Period End Date, an amount (in USD) equal to the sum, for all Collateral Obligations included in the Collateral Portfolio on such date, of
the Adjusted Balance for each such Collateral Obligation. 

Collateral Portfolio Requirements means, at any time,
requirements that are in compliance at such time if and only if (except in each case to the extent any one or more of such criteria are expressly waived in writing or are deemed to have been waived in the manner and to the extent expressly set forth
in Section 8), all as calculated by the Administrative Agent: 

(a) the sum of the Adjusted Balances of all
Syndicated Collateral Obligations is greater than or equal to 15% of the Collateral Portfolio Calculation Base at such time; 

(b) the sum of the Adjusted Balances of all Recurring Revenue Loans does not exceed 15% of the Collateral Portfolio
Calculation Base; 

(c) the sum of the Adjusted Balances of all First Lien Collateral Obligations and Senior
Unitranche Loans is greater than or equal to 85% of the Collateral Portfolio Calculation Base; 

(d) the sum of the
Adjusted Balances of all Second Lien Collateral Obligations, Unitranche with Subordinating First-in-First Out Obligation and Unsecured Bonds does not exceed 15% of the Collateral Portfolio Calculation Base; 

(e) the sum of the Adjusted Balances of all Collateral Obligations issued by any single issuer and its Affiliates does
not exceed 7% of the Collateral Portfolio Calculation Base; 

17 

(f) the sum of the Adjusted Balances of all Collateral Obligations in
any single GICS Sector
iIndustry classification in the Collateral Portfolio does not exceed 15% of the Collateral Portfolio Calculation Base;
provided that (i) the sum of the Adjusted Balances of all Collateral Obligations in one single GICS SectorIndustry may be up to 17.5% and in another single GICS SectorIndustry may be up to 20.0% and (ii) the sum of the Adjusted Balances of all Collateral Obligations in the Energy GICS
SectorIndustry in the Collateral Portfolio does not exceed 10% of the Collateral Portfolio Calculation Base; and 

(g) the sum of the Adjusted Balances of all Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligations does not exceed 10% of the Collateral
Portfolio Calculation Base. 

Collateral Type 1 means Syndicated Collateral Obligations. 

Collateral Type 1 Amount means for each day, the sum of the Borrowing Base Amounts (Initial) of the Collateral Obligations
included in the Collateral Portfolio on such day which are Syndicated Collateral Obligations. 

Collateral Type 1
Percentage means in relation to any Loan and Interest Period, a percentage determined by dividing (i) the sum of the values of the Collateral Type 1 Amounts determined during each day of such Interest Period by (ii) the sum of
the values of the Collateral Type 1 Amounts,and Collateral Type 2 Amounts and Collateral Type 3 Amounts determined during each day of such Interest Period. 

Collateral Type 1 Spread means
2.401.95%. For the avoidance of doubt, upon the application of the BSL Rebate Amount, the effective spread for the portion of Collateral Type 1 equal to the BSL Concentration Percentage shall be 1.851.60%. 

Collateral Type 2 means Collateral Obligations which are not Syndicated
Collateral Obligations and have an EBITDA, as initially determined by the Calculation Agent in connection with the approval of such Collateral Obligations under
Section 8.2, of $100 million or above. 

Collateral Type 2
Amount means for each day, the sum of the Borrowing Base Amounts (Initial) of the Collateral Obligations included in the Collateral Portfolio on such day which are Collateral Type 2 Collateral Obligations. 

Collateral Type 2 Percentage means in relation to any Loan and Interest Period, a percentage determined by dividing
(i) the sum of the values of the Collateral Type 2 Amounts determined during each day of such Interest Period by (ii) the sum of the values of the Collateral Type 1 Amounts,and Collateral Type 2 Amounts and Collateral Type 3 Amounts determined during each day of such Interest Period. 

Collateral Type 2 Spread means
2.151.95%.

Collateral Type 3 means Collateral
Obligations which are not Collateral Type 1 or Collateral Type 2.

Collateral Type 3 Amount means for each day, the sum of the Borrowing Base Amounts (Initial) of the Collateral Obligations included in the Collateral Portfolio on suchday which are Collateral Type 3 Collateral Obligations.

Collateral Type 3 Percentage means in
relation to any Loan and Interest Period, a percentage determined by dividing (i) the sum of the values of the Collateral Type 3 Amounts determined during each day of such Interest Period by (ii) the sum of the values of the Collateral
Type 1 Amounts, Collateral Type 2 Amounts and Collateral Type 3 Amounts determined during each day of such Interest Period.

18 

Collateral Type 3 Spread
means 2.40%.

Collection Account means each of the
Interest Collection Account and the Principal Collection Account. 

Commitment means: 

(a) With respect to the lending facility under this Agreement, the commitment of a Lender to make or otherwise fund a
Loan, and Commitments means such commitments of all Lenders in the aggregate. The amount of each Lenders Commitment is set forth on Appendix A or in the applicable Assignment Agreement, subject to any adjustment or reduction
pursuant to the terms and conditions hereof (including increases pursuant to Section 2.1(e)). For the avoidance of doubt, Commitments of the Lenders hereunder include New Commitments. 

(b) With respect to Collateral Obligations, means a binding commitment pursuant to the Investment Managers then
current policies and procedures to purchase or sell a loan or bond between the buyer and seller of such loan or bond entered into pursuant to customary documents in the relevant market. The terms Commit and
Committed have correlative meanings. With respect to Collateral Obligations contributed to a Borrower Entity, such Borrower Entity will be deemed to have Committed to Acquire such Collateral Obligation on the date on which such
contribution occurs. With respect to Collateral Obligations originated by a Borrower Entity, such Borrower Entity will be deemed to have Committed to Acquire such Collateral Obligation on the date on which such Borrower Entity becomes obligated to,
or if earlier in fact does, make or fund such Collateral Obligation. 

Competitor means any (a) fund who devotes a
significant portion of its business resources on credit lending, (b) hedge fund investing principally in distressed investments or an Affiliate thereof or (c) activist hedge fund or an Affiliate thereof; provided that, in no event
shall the term Competitor include any commercial bank, investment bank or insurance company (including any investment account or fund managed by such insurance companys adviser) or any Affiliate of a Lender. 

Compliance Certificate means, with respect to the last date of each fiscal quarter (the Compliance Certificate
Calculation Date), an Officers Certificate of the Borrower in the form of Exhibit E: 

(a) certifying
that with respect to each Collateral Obligation, except as identified in such certificate, as at such Compliance Certificate Calculation Date and the date of such certificate no Value Adjustment Events have occurred with respect to such Collateral
Obligation; and 

(b) setting forth, for each Collateral Obligation as to which any one or more Value Adjustment
Events have occurred, a description of each such Value Adjustment Event and the steps that the Borrower Entities and the Investment Manager have taken and expect to take with respect thereto, all in form and detail satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent. 

Confidential Information is defined in Section 11.23. 

Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or
that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 

19 

Consent Required Loan means a Loan Obligation that is capable of being
assigned or novated with the consent of the borrower or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan Obligation or any agent, but only if the related Underlying Instruments require such consent to not be unreasonably withheld (subject to customary and market
restrictions on assignment, including a prohibition on assignment to disqualified institutions and competitors of the related borrower or any direct or indirect equity owner of the borrower). 

Constitutive Documents means, with respect to: 

(a) the Borrower, its Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement dated July 7, 2022; 

(b) the Equity Holder, its Second Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust dated December 20, 2022; and 

(c) for each Permitted Additional Subsidiary, organizational documents in form and substance satisfactory to the Lenders
in their sole and absolute discretion. 

Corporate Trust Office means, with respect to the Collateral Agent, the
principal corporate trust office of the Collateral Agent at: 

1776 Heritage Drive 

Mail Stop: JAB0527 

North Quincy,
MA 02171 

Email: StateStreetSPV@statestreet.com

Attn: Structured Trust & Analytics 

Ref: Grouse Funding LLC 

or
such other address as the Collateral Agent may designate from time to time by notice to the Lenders, the other Agents, the Borrower and the Servicer, or the principal corporate trust office of any successor Collateral Agent. 

Covenant/Representation Breach means a breach of a covenant or representation or warranty under a contractual arrangement
(in each case after giving effect to any grace periods or any requirement that notice of such event has been given to the underlying obligor) relating to the financial performance (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any financial covenant or
other covenant the compliance with which is determined in whole or in part by reference to a numerical ratio or other numerical calculation) or a material operational covenant of the related obligor (in each case after giving effect to any grace
periods or any requirement that notice of such event has been given to the underlying obligor), as determined by the Administrative Agent. 

Credit Date means the date of a Credit Extension. 

Credit Extension means the making of a Loan. 

Credit Party means each Borrower Entity, the Equity Holder and the Limited Guarantor. 

Credit Risk Obligation means any Collateral Obligation that, in the Investment Managers judgment exercised in
accordance with the Investment Management Agreement, has a significant risk of declining in credit quality or price. 

Current FX
Rate means: 

(a) with respect to a Specified Currency as of any date, the spot rate of exchange between the
Specified Currency and USD as of such date, determined by the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner; provided that if the Specified Currency is USD, the Current FX Rate will be equal to 1. 

20 

(b) with respect to a Collateral Obligation at any time, the Current
FX Rate for the Specified Currency in which such Collateral Obligation is denominated and payable. 

Custodial Office is
defined in Section 14. 

Custody Documents means, for each Collateral Obligation, all Underlying Instruments in
relation to such Collateral Obligation and other Diligence Information delivered to the Collateral Custodian pursuant to Section 6.7(e) and (f) and Section 8.2(a) and (b) (in each case, except as otherwise provided in such
sections). 

Daily Non-Utilization Fee Calculation Amount is defined in Section 2.7(c). 

Daily Report means the daily report provided to the Collateral Agent pursuant to Section 6.5(a). 

Debt-to-Recurring Revenue Ratio means, with respect to any Collateral Obligation that is a Recurring Revenue Loan for any
Financial Ratio Test Period, either (a) the meaning of Debt-to-Recurring Revenue Ratio or any comparable definition in the Underlying Instruments for such Collateral Obligation, or (b) in any case that Debt-to-Recurring
Revenue Ratio or such comparable definition is not defined in such Underlying Instruments, the ratio of (i) indebtedness of the related obligor less Unrestricted Cash, to (ii) recurring revenue (as calculated pursuant to the
definition of Revenue herein), as calculated by the Calculation Agent using information from and calculations consistent with the relevant compliance statements and financial reporting packages provided by the relevant obligor as per the
requirements of the related Underlying Instruments; provided that, in the event of a lack of any such information necessary to calculate the Debt-to-Recurring Revenue Ratio, the Debt-to-Recurring Revenue Ratio shall be a ratio calculated by
the Calculation Agent. 

Debtor Relief Laws means, collectively: 

(a) the Bankruptcy Code; and 

(b) all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium,
rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief laws of the United States, any state thereof or any other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect. 

Deemed Rejection means, with respect to any Proposed Collateral Obligation, such Proposed Collateral Obligation satisfies
the definition of Collateral Obligation and the Borrower does not agree to (i) any Additional Value Adjustment Event(s) proposed by the Administrative Agent as a condition to the approval by the Administrative Agent to the Acquisition thereof
or (ii) the Advance Rate determined by the Administrative Agent in connection with its approval thereof; provided that such Advance Rate is not the Indicative Advance Rate for such Proposed Collateral Obligation. 

Default means a condition or event that, after notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute an Event of Default. 

Defaulted Asset Sale Failure means the failure by a Borrower Entity to Commit to sell any Defaulted Obligation within 60
days of such Collateral Obligation becoming
ana Defaulted Obligation (unless such Defaulted Obligation has ceased to be ana Defaulted Obligation as set forth in the definition thereof, in which
case no Defaulted Asset Sale Failure shall occur with respect to such Collateral Obligation), provided that: 

21 

(1) the failure to Commit to sell any Defaulted Obligation shall not
result in a Defaulted Asset Sale Failure for so long as the relevant Borrower Entity continues to use commercially reasonable efforts to continue to sell such Defaulted Obligation after such 60 day period; and 

(2) a Commitment to sell
ana Defaulted Obligation to an affiliate of a Borrower Entity shall not constitute a failure by a Borrower Entity to Commit to sell such Defaulted Obligation. 

Defaulted Obligation means any Collateral Obligation as to which either (x) a Bankruptcy Event shall have occurred
with respect to the related underlying obligor or (y) a Failure to Pay shall have occurred.

Defaulting Lender means, subject to Section 2.17(b), any Lender that:

(a) during the Availability Period, has failed to (1) fund all or any portion of its Loans within two Business
Days of the date such Loans were required to be funded hereunder, unless such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing that such failure is the result of such Lenders determination that one or more conditions
precedent to funding (which conditions precedent, together with the applicable default, if any, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied or waived, or (2) pay to the Administrative Agent or any other Lender any
other amount required to be paid by it hereunder within two Business Days of the date when due; or 

(b) the
Administrative Agent has received notification during the Availability Period that such Lender is (1) insolvent, or is generally unable to pay its debts as they become due, or admits in writing its inability to pay its debts as they become due,
or makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors or (2) the subject of a bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, liquidation or similar proceeding, or a receiver, trustee, conservator, intervenor or sequestrator or the like has
been appointed for such Lender, or such Lender has taken any action in furtherance of or indicating its consent to or acquiescence in any such proceeding or appointment; provided that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender under this
clause (b) solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any Equity Interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such
Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority or instrumentality) to reject, repudiate,
disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. 

Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation means a
Collateral Obligation that (a) requires the Borrower to make one or more future advances to the obligor under the Underlying Instruments (subject only to the satisfaction of customary conditions to borrowing for delayed draw term loan facilities
including accuracy of representations and warranties made by the related obligor and the absence of any default or event of default under the Underlying Instruments), (b) specifies a maximum amount that can be borrowed on one or more fixed
borrowing dates, and (c) does not permit the re-borrowing of any amount previously repaid by the obligor thereunder; provided that any such Collateral Obligation will be a Delayed Drawdown Collateral Loan only to the extent of unfunded
commitments and solely until all commitments by the Borrower to make advances on such Collateral Obligation to the obligor under the Underlying Instruments expire or are terminated or are reduced to zero. 

Deposit Account means a demand, time, savings, passbook or like account with a bank, savings and loan association, credit
union or like organization, other than an account evidenced by a negotiable certificate of deposit. 

22 

Designated Principal Proceeds is defined in the proviso to the definition
of Interest Proceeds herein. 

Determination Date means, with respect to a Payment Date, the last Business
Day of the immediately preceding Due Period. 

Diligence Information is defined in Section 8.2(a)(iii). 

Disposition means the sale, transfer, assignment or other disposition of an asset. 

Dispose has a corresponding meaning. 

Dispute and Disputed Collateral Obligation are defined in Section 2.21. 

Distribution means any payment of principal or interest or any dividend, premium or fee payment made on, or any other
distribution in respect of, a security or obligation. 

A Dispute-Related Prepayment Right shall arise if, at any time,
the cumulative aggregate Collateral Obligation Notional Amount of all Disputed Collateral Obligations since the Closing Date exceeds 20% of the aggregate Collateral Obligation Notional Amount of the Collateral Obligations. 

Document Checklist means, for any Collateral Obligation, an electronic or hard copy list delivered by the Investment
Manager to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Custodian that identifies such Collateral Obligation, the applicable obligor and each of the documents that shall be delivered to the Collateral Custodian by the Investment Manager hereunder
(including the identification of each item of Diligence Information and Financial and Other Information to be delivered), and whether each such document is an original or a copy and whether a hard copy or electronic copy will be delivered to the
Collateral Custodian. 

Documentation Package means, for each Collateral Obligation, the Document Checklist, the
Preliminary Documentation Package and the Additional Documentation for such Collateral Obligation, collectively. 

Dollar
Equivalent means, as to any amount in any Specified Currency at any time, such amount converted to USD at the Current FX Rate for such Specified Currency at such time. 

Dollars, USD and the sign $ mean the lawful money of the United States of America.

Domicile means, with respect to any issuer of, or obligor with respect to, a Collateral Obligation: 

(a) except as provided in clause (b) below, its country of organization; or 

(b) if it is organized in a Tax Jurisdiction, each of such jurisdiction and the country in which, in the Investment
Managers good faith estimate, a substantial portion of its operations are located or from which a substantial portion of its revenue or value is derived, in each case directly or through Subsidiaries (which shall be any jurisdiction and
country known at the time of designation by the Investment Manager to be the source of the majority of revenues, if any, of such issuer or obligor). 

The term Domiciled has a correlative meaning to the term Domicile. 

Draft Amendment Package is defined in Section 8.5. 

23 

Draft Instrument means, with respect to any Originated Collateral
Obligation, a substantially final draft of the related loan agreement (or other principal document under which such Originated Collateral Obligation will be made). 

Due Period means, with respect to any Payment Date, the period commencing on the day immediately following the fifth
Business Day prior to the preceding Payment Date (or in the case of the Due Period relating to the First Payment Date, beginning on the Closing Date) and ending on (and including) the fifth Business Day prior to such Payment Date (or, (a) in
the case of the Due Period relating to the First Payment Date, ending on the fifth Business Day prior to such First Payment Date and (b) in the case of a Due Period that is applicable to the Payment Date relating to the Maturity Date ending on
(and including) the Business Day immediately preceding such Payment Date). 

EBITDA means, with respect to any
Collateral Obligation and the related obligor for any Financial Ratio Test Period, either (a) the meaning of the term Adjusted EBITDA, the term EBITDA or any comparable term in the Underlying Instruments for such
Collateral Obligation (or, in the case of a Syndicated Collateral Obligation for which the Underlying Instruments have not been executed, as set forth in the relevant marketing materials or financial model in respect of such Syndicated Collateral
Obligation, until the first testing period after the Underlying Instruments have been executed), or (b) in the case of any Collateral Obligation with respect to which the Underlying Instruments or marketing materials or financial model (as
applicable) do not include a definition of Adjusted EBITDA, EBITDA or such comparable term, an amount, for the principal obligor thereunder and any of its parents that are obligated as guarantor or co-borrower pursuant to the
Underlying Instruments and any of their respective Subsidiaries for such Collateral Obligation (determined on a consolidated basis without duplication in accordance with GAAP (and also on a pro forma basis in case of any acquisitions)) equal to
earnings from continuing operations for such period plus, in each case to the extent deducted in determining earnings from continuing operations for such period, interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization for such period, other
non-cash charges and organization costs, extraordinary, one-time and/or non-recurring losses or charges, any other customary add-backs for similarly situated obligors the Calculation Agent deems to be appropriate and any other add-back or
subtraction item(s) the Calculation Agent deems to be appropriate and (in the case of a Syndicated Collateral Obligation) any other item the Investment Manager and the Administrative Agent mutually deem to be appropriate. 

Eligible Assignee means any Person other than a Natural Person or Competitor that is both a Qualified Purchaser and either (a) a Lender or an Affiliate
of such Lender, or (b) a commercial bank or insurance company (as defined in Regulation D under the Securities Act) and that extends credit or buys loans in the ordinary course of business; provided that no Defaulting Lender, Credit
Party or Affiliate of a Credit Party shall be an Eligible Assignee. 

Eligible Investment means any investment
that, at the time it, or evidence of it, is acquired by a Borrower Entity (directly or through an intermediary or bailee), is either cash or one or more of the following obligations or securities (in each case denominated in a Specified Currency):

(a) direct debt obligations of, and debt obligations the timely payment of principal and interest on which is fully
and expressly guaranteed by, the United States of America or any agency or instrumentality of the United States of America the obligations of which are expressly backed by the full faith and credit of the United States of America that satisfies the
Eligible Investment Required Ratings at the time of such investment or contractual commitment providing for such investment; 

(b) demand and time deposits in, certificates of deposit of, trust accounts with, bankers acceptances issued by, or
federal funds sold by any depository institution or trust company (x) incorporated under the laws of the United States of America (including the Bank) or any state thereof and subject to supervision and examination by federal and/or state
banking authorities, or (y) organized under the laws of a jurisdiction the legal currency of which is a Specified Currency (other than USD) or any province or state thereof and subject to supervision and examination by banking authorities of
such jurisdiction or such province or state, in each case 

24 

payable within 183 days of issuance, so long as the commercial paper and/or the debt obligations of such depository institution or trust company (or, in the case of the principal depository
institution in a holding company system, the commercial paper or debt obligations of such holding company) at the time of such investment or contractual commitment providing for such investment have the Eligible Investment Required Ratings; and 

(c) money market funds which funds have, at all times, credit ratings AAAm by S&P; subject, in each case,
to such obligations or securities having a maturity date not later than the earlier of (A) the date that is 60 days after the date of delivery thereof and (B) the Business Day immediately preceding the Payment Date immediately following the date of
delivery thereof; provided that Eligible Investments shall not include (1) any interest-only security, any security purchased at a price in excess of 100% of the par value thereof or any security whose repayment is subject to substantial
non-credit related risk as determined in the sole judgment of the Investment Manager, (2) any security whose rating assigned by S&P includes the subscript f, p, q, pi, r, sf
or t (3) any security that is subject to an Offer or (4) any security secured by real property. Eligible Investments may include those investments with respect to which the Bank or an Affiliate of the Bank is an obligor or provides
services. 

Eligible Investment Required Ratings means a long-term senior unsecured debt rating of at least
A and a short-term credit rating of at least A-1 by S&P (or, if such institution has no short-term credit rating, a long-term senior unsecured debt rating of at least A+ by S&P). 

EMU Legislation means the legislative measures of the European Council for the introduction of, changeover to or operation
of a single or unified European Currency. 

Enforcement Priority of Payments is defined in Section 7(c). 

Entitlement Order is defined in Section 8 102(a)(8) of the UCC. 

Equity Distribution means any dividend or other distribution, direct or indirect, on account of any Equity Interests of a
Borrower now or hereafter outstanding. 

Equity Distribution Test means, with respect to any Equity Distribution (other
than a Permitted RIC Distribution) at any time pursuant to the terms set forth herein, a test that is satisfied if, (A) on a pro forma basis immediately after giving effect thereto no Default, Event of Default or Borrowing Base Deficiency shall have
occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom, in each case as determined by the Administrative Agent and (B) the Borrower has sufficient funds available to make all payments due under Section 7 on the next Payment Date, as determined by the
Administrative Agent. 

Equity Holder means Apollo Debt Solutions BDC. 

Equity Holder Collateral Obligations means, each Collateral Obligation sold and/or contributed by the Equity Holder to the
Borrower pursuant to the Borrower Sale and Contribution Agreement. 

Equity Holder Purchased Loan Balance means, as of
any date of determination, an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of the Aggregate Principal Amount of all Equity Holder Collateral Obligations Acquired by the Borrower Entities prior to such date. 

Equity Interests means any and all shares, interests, participations or other equivalents (however designated) of capital
stock of a corporation, any and all equivalent ownership interests in a Person (other than a corporation), including partnership interests and membership interests, and any and all warrants, rights or options to purchase or other arrangements or
rights to acquire any of the foregoing. 

25 

Equity Pledge and Security Agreement means the Equity Pledge and Security
Agreement dated on or around the Initial Credit Date between the Borrower Entities, the Equity Holder, the other Grantors (if any) and the Collateral Agent. 

ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. 

ERISA Affiliate means, as applied to any Person, (a) any corporation which is a member of a controlled group of
corporations within the meaning of Section 414(b) of the Code of which that Person is a member; (b) any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) which is a member of a group of trades or businesses under common control within the
meaning of Section 414(c) of the Code of which that Person is a member; and (c) any member of an affiliated service group within the meaning of Section 414(m) or (o) of the Code of which that Person, any corporation described in
clause (a) above or any trade or business described in clause (b) above is a member. Any former ERISA Affiliate of any Person shall continue to be considered an ERISA Affiliate of such Person within the meaning of this definition with
respect to the period such entity was an ERISA Affiliate of such Person and with respect to liabilities arising after such period for which such Person could be liable under the Code or ERISA. 

ERISA Event means (a) a reportable event within the meaning of Section 4043 of ERISA and the
regulations issued thereunder with respect to any Pension Plan (excluding those for which the provision for 30 day notice to the PBGC has been waived by regulation); (b) the failure to meet the minimum funding standard of Section 412 of
the Code with respect to any Pension Plan (whether or not waived in accordance with Section 412(c) of the Code) or the failure to make by its due date a required installment under Section 430(j) of the Code with respect to any Pension Plan
or the failure to make any required contribution to a Multiemployer Plan; (c) the provision by the administrator of any Pension Plan pursuant to Section 4041(a)(2) of ERISA of a notice of intent to terminate such plan in a distress
termination described in Section 4041(c) of ERISA; (d) the withdrawal by the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates from any Pension Plan with two or more contributing sponsors or the termination of
any such Pension Plan resulting in liability to the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective Affiliates pursuant to Section 4063 or 4064 of ERISA; (e) the institution by the PBGC of proceedings to terminate any Pension
Plan or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan; (f) the imposition of liability on the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates pursuant to Section 4062(e) or 4069 of ERISA or by
reason of the application of Section 4212(c) of ERISA; (g) the withdrawal of the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates in a complete or partial withdrawal (within the meaning of Sections 4203 and
4205 of ERISA) from any Multiemployer Plan if there is any potential liability therefore, or the receipt by the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates of notice from any Multiemployer Plan that it is in
insolvency pursuant to Section 4245 of ERISA, or that it intends to terminate or has terminated under Section 4041A or 4042 of ERISA; (h) the imposition on the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA
Affiliates of fines, penalties, taxes or related charges under Chapter 43 of the Code or under Section 409, Section 502(c), (i) or (l), or Section 4071 of ERISA in respect of any Pension Plan; (i) the assertion of a material
claim (other than routine claims for benefits) against any Pension Plan other than a Multiemployer Plan or the assets thereof, or against the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates in connection with any
Pension Plan; (j) receipt from the IRS of notice of the failure of any Pension Plan to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Code, or the failure of any trust forming part of any Pension Plan to qualify for exemption from taxation under
Section 501(a) of the Code; or (k) with respect to any Pension Plan the imposition of a Lien pursuant to Section 430(k) of the Code or ERISA or a violation of Section 436 of the Code. 

Event of Default is defined in Section 9. 

Excess Concentration Amount shall mean, with respect to any Collateral Obligation, the portion of the Adjusted Balance by
which such Collateral Obligation causes any Collateral Portfolio Requirement to be out of compliance, as determined by the Administrative Agent; provided that any such portion expressly approved by the Administrative Agent for inclusion in
the Borrowing Base Amount shall not constitute part of the Excess Concentration Amount; provided further that the Borrower may, within two Business Days of application of any Excess Concentration Amount by the Administrative Agent,

26 

dispute the calculation of such Excess Concentration Amount in good faith and in writing by providing notice to the Administrative Agent. Upon receiving such notice, the Administrative Agent
shall adjust the calculation of Excess Concentration to reflect such dispute so long as the Administrative Agent does not in good faith disagree with such calculation (in which case the Administrative Agent shall demonstrate the basis of such
disagreement to the Borrower). During such a dispute, the Excess Concentration Amount as initially calculated by the Administrative Agent shall continue to be the Excess Concentration Amount until determined otherwise by the Administrative Agent.

Excess Interest Collections means, at any time of determination, the excess of (1) amounts then on deposit in the
Interest Collection Account over (2) the projected amount required to be paid pursuant to Section 7(a) and 7(c) on the next Payment Date or the Maturity Date, as applicable, in each case, as determined by the Borrower in good faith and in
a commercially reasonable manner. 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

Excluded Payments means all Administrative Expenses payable to a Bank Party or Collateral Administrator Party constituting
indemnities, but only to the extent such indemnities became payable to such Person as a result of or arising out of such Persons gross negligence or willful misconduct in the performance of its obligations under the Transaction Documents to
which it is a party. 

Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to any Recipient or
required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient: (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient
being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other
Connection Taxes; (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date of
which: (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrower under Section 2.18) or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent
that, pursuant to Section 2.15(b), amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lenders assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office;
(c) Taxes attributable to such Recipients failure to comply with Section 2.15(c); and (d) any U.S. withholding Taxes imposed pursuant to FATCA. 

Expected Repayment Date is defined in Section 2.1(c). 

Expected Settlement Price means, as of any date: 

(a) in respect of any Unsettled Sale Asset, the contractual sale price for such Unsettled Sale Asset to be received by the
Borrower Entities from the purchaser of such Collateral Obligation; provided that, if the sale of such Unsettled Sale Asset remains unsettled for more than 30 calendar days, then the Expected Settlement Price for such Unsettled
Sale Asset will be determined from time to time by the Calculation Agent; and 

(b) in respect of any Unsettled Purchase
Asset, the expected purchase price to be paid by a Borrower Entity (based on the applicable Commitment) for such Unsettled Purchase Asset. 

Expense Reserve Account means the trust account maintained pursuant to Section 6.3(b). 

Expense Reserve Amount means $100,000. 

27 

Extraordinary Event means an event that will occur if (for any reason due
to the structure and activities of the Credit Parties and the affiliates thereof involved in the transactions under the Transaction Documents): 

(a) any portion of any payment due from any obligor under any Collateral Obligation becoming properly subject to the imposition
of U.S., U.K. or other withholding tax, which withholding tax is not compensated for by a provision under the terms of such Collateral Obligation that would result in the net amount actually received by the Borrower Entities (free and clear of
taxes, whether assessed against the obligor thereof or a Borrower Entity) being equal to the full amount that the Borrower Entities would have received had no such deduction or withholding been required; or 

(b) any jurisdictions properly imposing a corporate income tax, municipal business tax, net income, profits, net worth or
similar tax on a Borrower Entity (including any such tax required to be withheld by such person); or 

(c) any
jurisdictions properly imposing a withholding tax on payments by a Subsidiary of the Borrower to the Borrower; or 

(d) any Borrower Entity incurs or pays any employee-related liabilities of any Person, provided that either: 

(x) (1) the Dollar Equivalent of an amount equal to (A) the sum of all Extraordinary Expense Amounts (and, for the
avoidance of doubt, whether withheld, paid, incurred or outstanding), minus (B) the sum of (x) all amounts applied to the payment thereof under the Specified Payment Waterfall Provisions and (y) the aggregate amount of all cash
contributions received by the Borrower after the Initial Credit Date that are applied to the payment of such amounts, exceeds (2) $5,000,000 (or such larger amount as the Requisite Lenders may consent to in their sole and absolute discretion);
or 

(y) the Dollar Equivalent of the sum of all Extraordinary Expense Amounts that are outstanding at any time exceeds
$5,000,000 (or such larger amount as the Requisite Lenders may consent to in their sole and absolute discretion) in the aggregate. 

Extraordinary Expense Amounts means each of the following: 

(a) amounts withheld (or required to be withheld) from payments to the Borrower Entities that is not compensated for by a
gross-up provision as described in clause (a) of the definition of Extraordinary Event; 

(b)
the amount of taxes imposed on a Borrower Entity as described in clause (b) of the definition of Extraordinary Event; 

(c) amounts withheld (or required to be withheld) from payments to the Borrower by a Subsidiary of the Borrower as described in
clause (c) of the definition of Extraordinary Event; and 

(d) the amounts payable in respect of employees
as described in clause (d) of the definition of Extraordinary Event. 

Failure to Pay with respect to a
Collateral Obligation shall mean, after the expiration of any applicable grace period (however defined under the terms of the Collateral Obligation), the occurrence of a non-payment of a payment of interest Scheduled to be Due or principal on the
Collateral Obligation when due, in accordance with the terms of the Collateral Obligation at the time of such failure. As used herein, Scheduled to be Due means, in the case of an interest payment, that such interest payment would
be due and payable during the related calculation period for the Collateral Obligation. 

28 

FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the Closing
Date (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and any agreement entered into pursuant to
Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code, any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Code, and any legislation, regulation or guidance giving effect to such intergovernmental agreements.

Federal Funds Effective Rate means for any day, the rate per annum equal to the weighted average of the rates on
overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by Federal funds brokers on such day, as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York on the Business Day next succeeding such day; provided that
(a) if such day is not a Business Day, the Federal Funds Effective Rate for such day shall be such rate on such transactions on the next preceding Business Day as so published on the next succeeding Business Day, and (b) if no such rate is
so published on such next succeeding Business Day, the Federal Funds Effective Rate for such day shall be the average rate charged to the Administrative Agent on such day on such transactions as determined by the Administrative Agent. 

Federal Reserve Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System as constituted from time to time. 

Fee Letter means each of (a) the Agent Fee Letters and (b) the GS Fee Letter. 

Financial and Other Information means, with respect to each Collateral Obligation, all reports, written financial
information, requests for amendments, waivers, supplements or other similar requests and other written information made available by or on behalf of the related obligors or any administrative agents or servicers (or analogous representatives) to
lenders under the related Underlying Instruments. 

Financial Asset is defined in Section 8-102(a)(9) of the UCC.

Financial Ratio Test Period means, with respect to any Collateral Obligation, (i) for purposes of the calculation
of Value Adjustment Events, the period in which such Collateral Obligation has been in the Underlying Portfolio and (ii) for all other purposes hereunder, the relevant test period for the calculation of the applicable financial ratio for such
Collateral Obligation in the applicable Underlying Instruments or, if no such period is provided for therein, for obligors delivering monthly financing statements, each period of the last twelve consecutive reported calendar months, and for obligors
delivering quarterly financing statements, each period of the last four consecutive reported fiscal quarters of the principal obligor on such Collateral Obligation (provided that, with respect to any Collateral Obligation for which the
relevant test period is not provided for in the applicable Underlying Instruments, if an obligor is a newly-formed entity as to which twelve consecutive calendar months have not yet elapsed (such date of formation a Start Date),
the Financial Ratio Test Period shall initially include the period from the Start Date to the date of Acquisition, determined on an annualized basis, and shall subsequently include each period of the last 12 consecutive reported calendar
months or four consecutive reported fiscal quarters (as the case may be) of such obligor. 

Financing Statements is
defined in Section 9-102(a)(39) of the UCC. 

29 

Firm Bid means, as to any Collateral Obligation, a good, irrevocable and
actionable bid for value given by a creditworthy purchaser to purchase the Collateral Obligation Notional Amount of such Collateral Obligation (on a cash basis or synthetically), expressed as a percentage of such Collateral Obligation Notional
Amount, and exclusive of accrued interest, for scheduled settlement substantially in accordance with the then-current market practice in the principal cash and synthetic markets for such Collateral Obligation, provided that: 

(a) such bid is accompanied by appropriate contact information for the provider of such bid, including the name of the
individual responsible for such bid together with his or her telephone number, email address or other analogous contact details; 

(b) such bid is not subject to any Bid Disqualification Condition (and, if any such bid is subject to any Bid Disqualification
Condition, the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to disregard such bid as invalid); 

(c) such bid is not submitted by an
Affiliate of the Borrower, the Sponsor, the Equity Holder or the Investment Manager; and 

(d) a bid from any Approved
Broker Dealer shall be presumed to be a Firm Bid unless the Borrower is notified by the Calculation Agent that such bid does not satisfy the conditions set forth in (a) through (c) above. 

All determinations of whether a bid constitutes a Firm Bid shall be made by the Calculation Agent. No Lender or Agent shall have any obligation to provide a
Firm Bid at any time. Neither the Borrower nor any of the Borrowers Affiliates may provide Firm Bids at any time, unless the Requisite Lenders shall otherwise expressly agree. 

First
Amendment Date means January 30, 2025.

First Lien
Collateral Obligation means a Collateral Obligation (including a unitranche obligation) that is a senior secured Loan Obligation or a secured Bond, in each case secured by a first lien (subject to permitted liens under the applicable
Underlying Instruments that are reasonable and customary for similar loans) on substantially all of the collateral of the underlying obligors, including unitranche loans, but excluding Unitranche With Subordinating First-in-First-Out Obligations, as
determined by the Administrative Agent. 

First Lien First Out Loan means one or more tranches of First Lien Collateral
Obligations issued by an obligor under the same Underlying Instruments as a First Lien Last Out Loan that at any time prior to and/or after an event of default under the Underlying Instruments, will be paid in full in accordance with a specified
waterfall or other priority of payments as specified in the Underlying Instruments, an agreement among lenders or other applicable agreement before such First Lien Last Out Loan is paid, as determined by the Administrative Agent. 

First Lien Last Out Loan means a Collateral Obligation that would be a First Lien Collateral Obligation but for the fact
that at any time prior to and/or after an event of default under the Underlying Instruments, such Collateral Obligation will be paid after one or more tranches of First Lien First Out Loans issued by the obligor have been paid in full in accordance
with a specified waterfall or other priority of payments as specified in the Underlying Instruments, an agreement among lenders or other applicable agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent. 

First Payment Date means September 16, 2022. 

First Priority means, with respect to any Lien purported to be created in any Collateral pursuant to any Collateral
Document, that such Collateral is subject to no equal or prior Lien and is not subject to any other Liens, except in each case for Permitted Liens. 

Foreign Lender is defined in Section 2.15(c). 

30 

FRBNY means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 

Fund Affiliates means any private funds managed by the Investment Manager or Apollo Credit Management, LLC that are not,
and are not subsidiaries of, the Equity Holder. 

Funding Notice means a notice substantially in the form of Exhibit A.

GAAP means, subject to the provisions of Section 1.2, United States generally accepted accounting principles in
effect as of the date of determination thereof. 

general intangibles is defined in the UCC. 

GICSSectorIndustry means the Level 3 industry sectorsclassifications set forth in Schedule B, as such industry sectors shallclassifications
may be updated at the mutual agreement ofby the Administrative Agent andwith the consent
of the Borrower
ifto give
effect to more recent industry classifications published by MSCI Inc. publishes revised industry
sectors.

Goldman Sachs is defined in the preamble.

Governmental Authority means any federal, state, municipal, national or other government, governmental department,
commission, board, bureau, court, agency or instrumentality or political subdivision thereof or any entity, officer or examiner exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to any government or
any court, in each case whether associated with a state of the United States, the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union or any other foreign entity or government (including any successor to any of the foregoing). 

Governmental Authorization means any permit, license, authorization, plan, directive, consent order or consent decree of or
from any Governmental Authority. 

Grant means to grant, bargain, sell, warrant, alienate, remise, demise, release,
convey, assign, transfer, mortgage, pledge, create and grant a security interest in and right of set-off against, deposit, set over or confirm. A Grant of the Collateral, or of any other instrument, shall include all rights, powers and options (but
none of the obligations) of the granting party thereunder, including the immediate continuing right to claim for, collect, receive and receipt for principal and interest payments in respect of the Collateral, and all other monies payable thereunder,
to give and receive notices and other communications, to make waivers or other agreements, to exercise all rights and options, to bring Proceedings in the name of the granting party or otherwise, and generally to do and receive anything that the
granting party is or may be entitled to do or receive thereunder or with respect thereto. The term Granted has a correlative meaning. 

Grantor is defined in the Pledge and Security Agreement or the Equity Pledge and Security Agreement, as applicable. 

GS Fee Letter means the Fee Letter dated on or around the Closing Date, as amended on the First Amendment Date and as further amended from time to time, between Goldman Sachs and the Borrower with respect to certain fees to be paid from time to time to Goldman Sachs. 

Highest Lawful Rate means the maximum lawful interest rate, if any, that at any time or from time to time may be contracted
for, charged, or received under the laws applicable to any Lender which are presently in effect or, to the extent allowed by law, under such applicable laws which may hereafter be in effect and which allow a higher maximum non-usurious interest rate
than applicable laws now allow. 

31 

IC Memorandum means, with respect to any Originated Collateral
Obligation, the investment committee memorandum (or similar document) prepared by or on behalf of the Investment Manager that supports the applicable Borrower Entitys investment decision to originate such Originated Collateral Obligation. 

Increased Amount Date is defined in Section 2.1(e). 

Increased-Cost Lenders is defined in Section 2.18. 

Indemnified Liabilities means, collectively, any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, claims,
actions, judgments, suits, fees, costs, expenses and disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever (including the reasonable and documented fees and out-of-pocket disbursements of outside counsel for Indemnitees, including in connection with any
investigative, administrative or judicial proceeding or hearing commenced or threatened by any Person, whether or not any such Indemnitee shall be designated as a party or a potential party thereto, and any reasonable and documented out-of-pocket
fees or expenses incurred by Indemnitees in enforcing this indemnity), whether based on any federal, state or foreign laws, statutes, rules or regulations, on common law or equitable cause or on contract or otherwise, that may be imposed on,
incurred by, or asserted against any such Indemnitee, in any manner relating to or arising out of (a) this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby (including the Lenders agreement to
make Credit Extensions or the use or intended use of the proceeds thereof), the performance of the Indemnitees of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder or the consummation of any transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any
enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents (including any sale of, collection from, or other realization upon any of the Collateral) and any reasonable and documented out-of-pocket attorneys fees and expenses of outside counsel for the
Indemnitees and reasonable and documented court costs and any losses incurred directly as a result of a successful defense, in whole or in part, of any claim that an Agent breached its standard of care; or (b) any Fee Letter or any other fee
letter delivered by any Agent or any Lender to the Borrowers with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other Transaction Document; provided that Indemnified Liabilities shall not include (i) special,
punitive, indirect, incidental, exemplary or consequential damages (including lost profits), even if the Borrowers have been advised of the possibility of such damages and regardless of the form of action unless actually incurred or payable by the
Indemnitee, (ii) any liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, claims, actions, judgments, suits, fees, costs, expenses or disbursements to the extent the same have resulted from the bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct
of such Indemnitee or (iii) fees and out-of-pocket disbursements for more than one local outside counsel for each relevant jurisdiction for each Indemnitee as to any matter for which indemnification is sought. 

Indemnified Taxes means: (a) Taxes other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on
account of any obligation of any Borrower under any Transaction Document; and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a), Other Taxes. 

Indemnitee is defined in Section 11.3(a). 

Independent means as to any Person, any other Person (including a firm of accountants or lawyers and any member thereof or
an investment bank and any member thereof) who (a) does not have and is not committed to acquire any material direct or any material indirect financial interest in such Person or in any Affiliate of such Person, (b) is not connected with such
Person as an officer, employee, promoter, underwriter, voting trustee, partner, director or Person performing similar functions and (c) is not Affiliated with a firm that fails to satisfy the criteria set forth in clauses (a) and (b).
Independent when used with respect to any accountant may include an accountant who audits the books of any Person if in addition to satisfying the criteria set forth above the accountant is independent with respect to such Person within
the meaning of Rule 101 of the Code of Ethics of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. 

32 

Ineligible Asset means (a) any equity security or any other interest
or security that is not eligible for purchase by a Borrower Entity under the Transaction Documents, whether or not received with respect to a Collateral Obligation, or (b) any interest or security purchased as part of a unit with a
Collateral Obligation and that itself is not eligible for purchase by a Borrower Entity under the Transaction Documents. 

Initial
Credit Date means July 7, 2022 or such other date as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower. 

Initial FX Rate means, with respect to any Collateral Obligation, the Current FX Rate for such Collateral Obligation as at
the date on which the Acquisition of such Collateral Obligation has been approved pursuant to the provisions set forth in the Transaction Documents. 

If a Borrower Entity has Committed to Acquire a Collateral Obligation in more than one lot and/or a Collateral Obligation has been added to
the Underlying Portfolio in more than one lot (for example, by Commitments or Acquisitions on separate days), then each lot of such a Collateral Obligation shall be treated as separate Collateral Obligations for purposes of determining the Initial
FX Rates therefor. 

Insolvency Event means, with respect to a specified Person, such Person becomes insolvent or is
unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a judicial, regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to pay its debts as they become due. 

instruments is defined in the UCC. 

Interest Collection Account the trust account maintained pursuant to Section 6.2(a). 

Interest Coverage Ratio means, with respect to any Collateral Obligation and the related obligor for any Financial Ratio
Test Period, either (a) the meaning of Interest Coverage Ratio or any comparable definition in the Underlying Instruments for such Collateral Obligation, or (b) in the case of any Collateral Obligation with respect to which the
Underlying Instruments do not include a definition of Interest Coverage Ratio or such comparable definition, the ratio of (a) EBITDA for the applicable test period, to (b) cash interest for the applicable test period. 

Interest Only Security means any obligation or security that does not provide in the related Underlying Instruments for the
payment or repayment of a stated principal amount in one or more installments on or prior to its Stated Maturity. 

Interest
Period means, with respect to each Credit Extension: 

(a) the period from (and including) the related Credit Date
to but excluding the first calendar day of the following month, and 

(b) each successive period from and including the
first calendar day of each month to but excluding the first calendar day of the immediately following month until the Obligations (other than contingent obligations for which no claim has been asserted) are repaid in full; 

provided, that the first Interest Period shall be the period from (and including) the Closing Date to (and excluding) September 1,
2022. 

Interest Priority of Payments is defined in Section 7(a). 

33 

Interest Proceeds means, with respect to any Payment Date, without
duplication: 

(a) all payments of interest and dividends, commitment fees and facility fees received during the related Due
Period on the Pledged Obligations (including any Reinvestment Income) and any compensation on account of delayed settlement of any Pledged Obligation, other than (x) any payment of interest received on any Defaulted Obligation if the
outstanding principal amount thereof then due and payable has not been received by the Borrower Entities after giving effect to the receipt of such payments of interest and (y) the amounts as specified in clause (f) of the definition of
Principal Proceeds; 

(b) to the extent not included in the definition of Sale Proceeds, if so designated by the
Investment Manager and notice thereof is conveyed in writing to the Collateral Agent, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Administrator, any portion of the accrued interest received during the related Due Period in connection with the sale
of any Pledged Obligations (excluding accrued interest received in connection with the sale of (x) Defaulted Obligations if the outstanding principal amount thereof has not been received by the Borrower after giving effect to such sale or
(y) an asset that was Acquired with Principal Proceeds); 

(c) unless otherwise designated by the Investment Manager as
Principal Proceeds and notice thereof is conveyed in writing to the Collateral Agent, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Administrator, all amendment and waiver fees, all late payment fees and all other fees received during such Due Period
in connection with the Pledged Obligations, excluding (A) fees received in connection with Defaulted Obligations (but only to the extent that the outstanding principal amount thereof has not been received by the Borrower Entities);
(B) premiums (including prepayment premiums) constituting Principal Proceeds in accordance with subclause (c) of the definition thereof); and (C) fees received in connection with the lengthening of the maturity of the related
Collateral Obligation or the reduction of the par of the related Collateral Obligation, in each case, as determined by the Investment Manager with notice to the Collateral Agent, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Administrator; 

(d) any recoveries on Defaulted Obligations during the related Due Period in excess of the outstanding principal amount
thereof; 

(e) (x) any amounts remaining on deposit in the Interest Collection Account from the immediately preceding
Payment Date and (y) any Principal Proceeds transferred to the Interest Collection Account for application as Interest Proceeds as expressly provided for herein; and 

(f) all payments of principal and interest on Eligible Investments purchased with the proceeds of any of subclauses
(a) through (e) of this definition (without duplication), provided that: 

(1) in connection with the final
Payment Date, Interest Proceeds shall include any amount referred to in subclauses (a) through (f) above that is received from the sale of Collateral Obligations on or prior to the day immediately preceding the final Payment Date; and 

(2) the Investment Manager, by written notice to the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent, may from time to time
designate amounts that would otherwise constitute Interest Proceeds hereunder to, instead, constitute Principal Proceeds hereunder (Designated Principal Proceeds), provided that, at the time of such designation
and after giving effect thereto, sufficient Interest Proceeds are then on deposit in the Interest Collection Account in the relevant currencies to cover (x) the full amount of interest that will have accrued on and be payable hereunder in
respect of the Loans on the next succeeding Payment Date in accordance with the Priority of Payments and (y) the aggregate amount of Administrative Expenses will have accrued on and be payable hereunder on the next succeeding Payment Date in
accordance with the Priority of Payments. 

34 

Interest Rate Determination Date means, with respect to any Interest
Period, the date that is two Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period. 

Intermediary is defined in
Section 6.1. 

Investment Company Act means the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940. 

Investment Management Agreement means an investment management agreement dated on or around the Initial Credit Date between
the Borrower Entities and the Investment Manager relating to the Investment Managers performance on behalf of the Borrower Entities of certain investment management duties with respect to the Collateral. 

Investment Management Fee means the fees payable to the Investment Manager under the Investment Management Agreement. 

Investment Manager means Apollo Debt Solutions BDC, in its capacity as Investment Manager under the Investment
Management Agreement. Each reference herein to the Investment Manager shall be deemed to constitute a reference as well to (a) any agent of the Investment Manager and to any other Person to whom the Investment Manager has delegated any of its
duties hereunder in accordance with the terms of the Investment Management Agreement, in each case during such time as and to the extent that such agent or other Person is performing such duties and (b) to a successor investment manager
appointed in accordance with the Investment Management Agreement. 

investments is defined in the UCC. 

investment property is defined in the UCC. 

ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or
any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or such successor
thereto. 

Judgment Currency and Judgment Currency Conversion Date are defined in Section 11.22.

knowledge of a Person means the actual knowledge of an Authorized Officer of such Person. 

Lender means each financial institution listed on the signature pages hereto as a Lender, and any other Person that becomes
a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment Agreement. 

Lien means (a) any lien, mortgage, pledge, assignment,
security interest, charge or encumbrance of any kind (including any agreement to give any of the foregoing, any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, and any lease or license in the nature thereof) and any option, trust or other
preferential arrangement having the practical effect of any of the foregoing and (b) in the case of Securities, any purchase option, call or similar right of a third party with respect to such Securities. 

Limited Guarantor means Apollo Debt Solutions BDC. 

Limited Guaranty means the Non-Recourse Carveout Guaranty Agreement dated on or around the Initial Credit Date between the
Limited Guarantor and the Collateral Agent. 

Loan is defined in Section 2.1(a). 

35 

Loan Amount means, as at any time, the aggregate principal amount of the
Loans outstanding at such time. 

Loan Obligation means a commercial loan. 

Make-Whole Amount means, in connection with a Make-Whole Event and without duplication of any Make-Whole Amount paid
previously on the same Make-Whole Event, the product of (a) the amount of the relevant Voluntary Commitment Reduction and (b) (x) 2.00%, if the date on which such Make-Whole Event is on or prior to the first anniversary of the Closing Date
or (y) 1.00 %, if the date on which such Make-Whole Event is after the first anniversary of the Closing Date but on or prior to the second anniversary of the Closing Date. 

Make-Whole Event means each Voluntary Commitment Reduction. 

For the avoidance of doubt, no event that occurs after the Make-Whole Period shall require payment of any Make-Whole Amount in each case other
than a prepayment of Loans (1) during the continuance of a Rejection-Related Prepayment Right, (2) during the continuance of a Dispute- Related Prepayment Right, (3) during the continuance of a Benchmark Unavailability Period,
(4) following the imposition of increased costs or other amounts by any Lender or the occurrence any event described in Section 2.13, (5) following the occurrence of any resignation of Goldman Sachs as Administrative Agent or
assignment by Goldman Sachs of any of its rights or obligations as Administrative Agent or (6) following the occurrence of an Event of Default and the acceleration of the Loans. 

Make-Whole Period means the period from the Closing Date to and including July 7, 2024. 

Margin Account means the trust account maintained pursuant to Section 6.3(c). 

Margin Stock means Margin stock as defined under Regulation U, including any debt security which is by its terms
convertible into Margin Stock. 

Margining Agreement means the Margining Agreement dated as of the Closing
Date among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Calculation Agent. 

Market Value means, with respect to any
Collateral Obligation, the Asset Current Price thereof. With respect to any Eligible Investment, Market Value means (a) the average of at least three firm bids obtained by the Investment Manager from nationally recognized
dealers (that are Independent of the Investment Manager and Independent of each other) that the Investment Manager determines (in its sole discretion) to be reasonably representative of the Eligible Investments current market value and
reasonably reflective of current market conditions; (b) if only two such bids can be obtained, the lower of such two bids shall be the Market Value of the Eligible Investment; (c) if only one such bid can be obtained, such bid shall be the
Market Value of the Eligible Investment; and (d) if no such bids can be obtained, then, the Market Value of such the Eligible Investment shall be zero, in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent. 

Material Action means to: (a) file or consent to the filing of any bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization petition
under any applicable federal, state or other law relating to a bankruptcy naming a Borrower Entity as debtor or other initiation of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings by or against a Borrower Entity, or otherwise seek, with respect to a Borrower
Entity, relief under any laws relating to the relief from debts or the protection of debtors generally; (b) seek or consent to the appointment of a receiver, liquidator, conservator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator, custodian or any similar
official for a Borrower Entity or all or any portion of its properties; (c) make or consent to any assignment for the benefit of a Borrower Entitys creditors generally; (d) admit in writing the inability of a Borrower Entity to pay
its debts generally as they become due; (e) petition for or consent to substantive consolidation of a Borrower Entity with any other person; (f) amend or alter or otherwise modify or remove all or any part of Sections 4

36 

or 5 of the Constitutive Documents of the Borrower or any similar provision of the Constitutive Documents of any other Borrower Entity; or (g) amend, alter or otherwise modify or remove all
or any part of the definition of Special Member or the definition of Material Action (or any similar or analogous term or provision) in the Constitutive Documents of any Borrower Entity. 

Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on and/or material adverse developments with respect to
(a) the business, operations, properties, assets or financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole; (b) the ability of any Credit Party to fully and timely perform its Obligations; (c) the legality,
validity, binding effect or enforceability against a Credit Party of a Transaction Document to which it is a party; or (d) the rights, remedies and benefits available to, or conferred upon, any Agent, any Lender or any other Secured Party under
any Transaction Document. 

Material Amendment Information means, with respect to each Collateral Obligation: 

(a) all written information related to amendments, waivers, modifications or supplements to any Underlying Instrument governing
such Collateral Obligation (including with respect to the imposition of a replacement index for the London interbank offered rate), including any written requests or written communications related thereto; provided that requests or
communications relating thereto will not constitute Material Amendment Information to the extent that such request or communication consists solely of informal discussions relating to amendments, waivers, modifications or supplements or
of administrative matters in connection therewith; and 

(b) copies of each executed or agreed amendment, waiver,
modification and supplement to such Underlying Instruments. 

Material Contract means any contract or other arrangement
to which any Borrower Entity is a party (other than the Transaction Documents) for which breach, nonperformance, cancellation or failure to renew could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

Material Modification means any Amendment with respect to a Collateral Obligation that, in the determination of the
Calculation Agent, has the effect of: 

(a) waiving the payment of cash interest or permitting any cash interest to be
deferred or capitalized and added to the principal amount of such Collateral Obligation; 

(b) delaying or extending the
maturity date or the date of any scheduled principal payment or amortization schedule; 

(c) modifying the interest rate
thereon (excluding any modification of an interest rate arising (i) by operation of a default or penalty interest clause in the related Underlying Instruments for such Collateral Obligation, (ii) pursuant to a contractual pricing grid set
forth in the related Underlying Instruments, or (iii) due to the imposition of any of SOFR, Euribor, BBSW, BBSY or SONIA as a replacement index for the London interbank offered rate occurring on or prior to June 30, 2023); 

(d) contractually or structurally subordinating such Collateral Obligation by operation of a payment waterfall; 

(e) substituting, altering or releasing the underlying assets securing such Collateral Obligation, and such substitution,
alteration or release materially and adversely affects the value of such Collateral Obligation, as determined in the sole discretion of the Administrative Agent; 

(f) reducing or forgiving any or all of the principal thereof; 

37 

(g) amending, waiving, forbearing, supplementing or otherwise modifying in
any way the definition of leverage or permitted liens with respect to such Collateral Obligation, and any such is modification is materially adverse to any Lender, as determined in the sole discretion of the Administrative Agent; 

(h) amending or waiving any default provision with respect to the Collateral Obligation; 

(i) resulting in any less financial information in respect of reporting frequency, scope or otherwise being provided with
respect to the related obligor or reduces the frequency or total number of any appraisals required thereunder; or 

(j)
waiving or forbearing a default or an event of default or a covenant breach under the Underlying Instruments governing such Collateral Obligation or waiving, amending, forbearing or otherwise modifying the related grace periods. 

Material Modification Consent Request is defined in Section 8.5. 

maturity means, with respect to any Collateral Obligation, the date on which such obligation shall be deemed to mature (or
its maturity date), which shall be the earlier of (a) the Stated Maturity of such obligation and (b) if a Borrower Entity has a right to require the issuer or obligor of such Collateral Obligation to purchase, redeem or retire such
Collateral Obligation (at par) on any one or more dates prior to its Stated Maturity (a put right) and the Investment Manager determines that it shall exercise such put right on any such date, the maturity date shall be the date
specified in a certification provided to the Collateral Agent, the Administrative Agent and Collateral Administrator. 

Maturity
Date means the earlier of (a) the Scheduled Maturity Date and (b) the date on which all Loans shall become due and payable in full hereunder, whether by acceleration or otherwise. 

Maximum Facility Amount means, at any date, (a) $250,000,000500,000,000 plus (b) the aggregate amount of New Commitments that have become effective after the Closing Date and on or prior to such date. 

Monetary Default means a default by a party in the payment of money (other than ordinary course expense reimbursements)
when due under a contractual arrangement (determined without regard to any grace period otherwise specified), or a default by such party in the performance or observance of any other obligation thereunder (determined without regard to any grace
period otherwise specified) that by its terms can be cured solely by the payment of money, that with the giving of notice or lapse of time or both, would become an event of default with respect to such party. 

money is defined in the UCC. 

Monthly Report means the monthly report provided to the Collateral Agent pursuant to Section 6.5(b). 

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service, Inc. 

Multiemployer Plan means a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA. 

Natural Person means a natural person, or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the
primary benefit of, a natural person. 

New Commitments and New Loan are defined in
Section 2.1(e). 

38 

Non-Consenting Lender is defined in Section 2.18. 

Non-Defaulting Lender means, at any time, each Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender at such time. 

Non-Private Asset means a Collateral Obligation designated as such pursuant to Section 8.2(a). 

Non-USD Currency means any currency (other than USD). 

Non-Utilization Fees is defined in Section 2.7(c). 

Note means a promissory note in form and substance satisfactory to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Requisite
Lenders. 

Obligation Currency is defined in Section 11.22. 

Obligations means all obligations (whether now existing or hereafter arising, absolute or contingent, joint, several or
independent) of every nature of each Credit Party, including obligations from time to time owed to the Agents (including former Agents), the Bank Parties, the Lenders or any of them, under any Transaction Document, whether for principal, interest
(including interest which, but for the filing of a petition in bankruptcy with respect to such Credit Party, would have accrued on any Obligation, whether or not a claim is allowed against such Credit Party for such interest in the related
bankruptcy proceeding), Ancillary Amounts, Agent Fees, other fees, expenses, indemnification or otherwise. 

Offer
means, with respect to any Collateral Obligation or Eligible Investment, any offer by the issuer or borrower thereof or by any other Person made to all of the holders thereof to purchase or otherwise Acquire such Collateral Obligation or Eligible
Investment; to exchange such Collateral Obligation or Eligible Investment for any other security, debt obligation, Cash or other property (other than, in any case, pursuant to any redemption in accordance with the terms of any related Underlying
Instrument or for the purpose of registering the security or debt obligation); or, with respect to any Collateral Obligation that constitutes a bond, any solicitation by the issuer or borrower thereof or any other Person to amend, modify or waive
any provision of such bond. 

Officer means, (a) with respect to a Borrower Entity, any member of such Borrower
Entity or any other Person authorized thereby to take any and all actions necessary to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents; (b) with respect to any other entity that is a partnership, any general partner
thereof or any Person authorized by such entity; (c) with respect to any other entity that is a limited liability company, any member thereof or any Person authorized by such entity; and (d) with respect to the Collateral Agent and any
bank or trust company acting as trustee of an express trust or as custodian or agent, any vice president or assistant vice president of such entity or any officer customarily performing functions similar to those performed by a vice president or
assistant vice president of such entity. 

Officers Certificate means, with respect to any Person, a certificate
signed by an Authorized Officer of such Person. 

Opinion of Counsel means a written opinion addressed to the
Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, of a nationally or internationally recognized law firm or an attorney admitted to practice (or law firm, one or more of the
partners of which are admitted to practice) before the highest court of any State of the United States or the District of Columbia (or of any other relevant jurisdiction, in the case of an opinion relating to the laws of such other jurisdiction) in
the relevant jurisdiction, which attorney may, except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, be counsel for the Borrower or the Investment Manager and which attorney or firm shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.
Whenever an Opinion of 

39 

Counsel is required hereunder, such Opinion of Counsel may rely on opinions of other counsel who are so admitted and otherwise satisfactory which opinions of other counsel shall accompany such
Opinion of Counsel and shall be addressed to the Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent (or shall state that the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent shall be entitled to rely thereon). 

Organizational Documents means (a) with respect to any corporation or company, its certificate, memorandum or articles
of incorporation, organization or association and its by-laws; (b) with respect to any limited partnership, its certificate or declaration of limited partnership and its partnership agreement; (c) with respect to any general partnership,
its partnership agreement and (d) with respect to any limited liability company, its articles of organization and its operating agreement. If any term or condition of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document requires any Organizational
Document to be certified by a secretary of state or similar governmental official, the reference to any such Organizational Document shall only be to a document of a type customarily certified by such governmental official. Without limiting the
foregoing, the Constitutive Documents of any Person shall constitute Organizational Documents for such Person. 

Original Asset
Amount means, for any Collateral Obligation, the par amount of such Collateral Obligation Acquired by the Borrower Entities (stated in the Specified Currency in which such Collateral Obligation is denominated). The Original Asset Amount
for a Collateral Obligation shall be a static number that shall not change during the term of this Agreement, regardless of any Dispositions (in whole or in part) of or other realization or recoveries on such Collateral Obligation. 

Originated Collateral Obligation means a Collateral Obligation that a Borrower Entity Commits to originate. 

Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection
between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a
security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Transaction Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Transaction Document). 

Other Material Default means a default (other than a Monetary Default) by a party in the performance or observance of any
obligation of that party under a contractual arrangement (in each case after giving effect to any grace periods or any requirement that notice of such event has been given to the underlying obligor) that materially and adversely affects the other
party to such contractual obligation. 

Other Taxes means any and all present or future stamp, court, documentary,
intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes or any other excise or property Taxes, charges or similar levies arising from any payment made hereunder or from the execution, delivery, performance, or enforcement or registration of, from the receipt
of perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement or any other Transaction Document. 

Participant Register is defined in Section 11.6(g)(1). 

Participation means an interest in a loan or other debt obligation Acquired indirectly by way of participation from a
Selling Institution. 

PATRIOT Act is defined in Section 3.1. 

Payment Account the trust account maintained pursuant to Section 6.3(a). 

40 

Payment Date means each of the following, as applicable: 

(a) the First Payment Date; 

(b) thereafter, each one-month anniversary of the First Payment Date to, but excluding, the Maturity Date; and 

(c) the Maturity Date. 

If any such date is not a Business Day, the Payment Date shall be the next following Business Day. 

Payment Period means each period from, and including, a Payment Date (or in the case of the first Payment Period, the
Closing Date) to but excluding the immediately succeeding Payment Date. 

PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty
Corporation. 

Pension Plan means any employee pension benefit plan, other than a Multiemployer Plan, which is subject
to Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA and in respect of which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate thereof (and, solely with respect to the definition of ERISA Event, in respect of which any Credit Party or any
ERISA Affiliate thereof) is an employer as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA. 

Permitted Additional
Subsidiary means a direct wholly owned Subsidiary of the Borrower that is formed with the express consent of the Administrative Agent (which consent the Administrative Agent may give, withhold or condition in its sole and absolute
discretion). 

Permitted Lien means, with respect to the Collateral: (a) security interests, liens and other
encumbrances created pursuant to the Transaction Documents; (b) with respect to agented Collateral Obligations, customary security interests, liens and other encumbrances in favor of the lead agent, the collateral agent or the paying agent on
behalf of all holders of indebtedness of such obligor under the related facility; (c) any lien on a Collateral Obligation granted by a Borrower Entity to a Person that acquired a Collateral Obligation from such Borrower Entity pursuant to
participation to secure the payment obligations related to such Collateral Obligation, provided that the granting of such participation interest is expressly permitted hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents; (d) Liens for Taxes if
such Taxes shall not at the time be due and payable, a Person is contesting the validity thereof in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which reserves in accordance with GAAP have been provided on the books of such Person or
the failure to pay such Taxes would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect and (e) the restrictions on transferability (if any) imposed by any Underlying Instrument. 

Permitted Repurchases is defined in Section 8.3. 

Permitted RIC Distribution means an Equity Distribution to the Equity Holder (from the Collection Account or otherwise) to
the extent required to allow the Equity Holder to make sufficient distributions to qualify as a regulated investment company, and to otherwise eliminate federal or state income or excise taxes payable by the Equity Holder in or with respect to any
taxable year of the Equity Holder (or any calendar year, as relevant); provided that (A) the amount of any such payments made in or with respect to any such taxable year (or calendar year, as relevant) of the Equity Holder shall not exceed 115%
of the amounts that the Borrower would have been required to distribute to the Equity Holder to: (i) allow the Borrower to satisfy the minimum distribution requirements that would be imposed by Section 852(a) of the Code (or any successor
thereto) to maintain its eligibility to be taxed as a regulated investment company for any such taxable year, (ii) reduce to zero for any such taxable year the Borrowers liability for federal income taxes imposed on (x) its
investment company taxable income pursuant to Section 852(b)(1) of the Code (or any successor thereto) and (y) its net capital gain pursuant to Section 852(b)(3) of the Code (or any successor thereto), and (iii) reduce to zero
the Borrowers liability 

41 

for federal excise taxes for any such calendar year imposed pursuant to Section 4982 of the Code (or any successor thereto), in the case of each of (i), (ii) or (iii), calculated
assuming that the Borrower had qualified to be taxed as a regulated investment company under the Code, (B) after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, all such distributions shall be prohibited unless otherwise
consented to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion, and (C) amounts may be distributed pursuant to this definition on any date that is not a Payment Date only to the extent of available Excess Interest Collections. 

Person means and includes natural persons, corporations, limited partnerships, general partnerships, limited liability
companies, limited liability partnerships, joint stock companies, joint ventures, associations, companies, trusts, banks, trust companies, land trusts, business trusts or other organizations, whether or not legal entities, and Governmental
Authorities. 

Platform means Debt Domain, Intralinks, SyndTrak or another relevant website or other information
platform. 

Pledge and Security Agreement means the Pledge and Security Agreement dated on or around the Initial Credit
Date between the Borrower, the other Grantors (if any) and the Collateral Agent. 

Pledged Obligations means, on any
date of determination, the Collateral Obligations and the Eligible Investments owned by the Borrower Entities that have been Granted to the Collateral Agent under the Transaction Documents. 

Power of Attorney means the power of attorney dated on or around the Initial Credit Date by the Borrower Entities in favor
of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties. 

Preliminary Documentation Package means, for each
Collateral Obligation, (a) the original executed note (if any) or a faxed copy thereof along with a certificate from the closing attorney certifying possession of the required loan documents for Collateral Obligations closed in escrow;
(b) in the case of Collateral Obligations acquired by assignment, a copy of each executed document or instrument evidencing the assignment of such Collateral Obligation to the Borrower; (c) in the case of Originated Collateral Obligations
by the Borrower, a copy of the principal loan agreement governing such Collateral Obligation; and (d) any applicable Administrative Agent Cooperation Agreements. 

Price Buffer Deficiency is defined in the Margining Agreement. 

Prime Rate means the rate of interest quoted in the print edition of The Wall Street Journal, Money Rates Section as the
Prime Rate (currently defined as the base rate on corporate loans posted by at least 75% of the nations thirty largest banks), as in effect from time to time. The Prime Rate is a reference rate and does not necessarily represent the lowest or
best rate actually charged to any customer. The Administrative Agent or any other Lender may make commercial loans or other loans at rates of interest at, above or below the Prime Rate. 

Principal Balance means as of any date of determination, with respect to (a) any Collateral Obligation, the Collateral
Obligation Notional Amount (excluding any deferred or capitalized interest thereon) of such Collateral Obligation on such date; and (b) any Eligible Investment or Cash, the Balance of such Eligible Investment or Cash. 

Principal Collection Account means the trust account maintained pursuant to Section 6.2(b). 

Principal Office means, for each Agent, such Persons office as set forth on Appendix B, or such other office or
office of a third party or sub-agent, as appropriate, as such Person may from time to time designate in writing to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and each Lender. 

42 

Principal Payments means, with respect to any Payment Date, an amount
equal to the sum of any cash payments of principal (including optional or mandatory redemptions or prepayments) received on the Pledged Obligations during the related Due Period, including payments of principal received in respect of exchange offers
and tender offers and recoveries on Defaulted Obligations up to the outstanding principal amount thereof, but not including Sale Proceeds. 

Principal Proceeds means, with respect to any Payment Date, without duplication: 

(a) all Principal Payments received during the related Due Period on the Pledged Obligations; 

(b) any amounts, distributions or proceeds (including resulting from any sale) received in cash on any Defaulted Obligations
(other than proceeds that constitute Interest Proceeds under subclause (b) or (e) of the definition thereof) during the related Due Period to the extent the outstanding principal amount thereof then at the time such obligation became a
Defaulted Obligation has not been received by a Borrower Entity after giving effect to the receipt of such amounts, distributions or proceeds, as the case may be; 

(c) all premiums (including prepayment premiums) received during the related Due Period on the Collateral Obligations; 

(d) (A) all amounts transferred to the Principal Collection Account from the Expense Reserve Account and (B) any
Principal Proceeds and unused proceeds designated for application as Principal Proceeds as expressly provided for herein; 

(e) Sale Proceeds received during the related Due Period; 

(f) any accrued interest purchased after the Closing Date with Principal Proceeds that is received after the First Payment
Date; 

(g) all other payments received during the related Due Period on the Collateral not included in Interest Proceeds;
and 

(h) all Designated Principal Proceeds. 

Principal Priority of Payments is defined in Section 7(b). 

Priority of Payments is defined in Section 7. 

Private Asset means a Collateral Obligation designated as such pursuant to Section 8.2(a). 

Proceeding means any suit in equity, action at law or other judicial or administrative proceeding. 

Proceeds means (a) any property (including but not limited to Cash and securities) received as a Distribution on the
Collateral or any portion thereof, (b) any property (including but not limited to Cash and securities) received in connection with the sale, liquidation, exchange or other disposition of the Collateral or any portion thereof and (c) all
proceeds (as such term is defined in the UCC) of the Collateral or any portion thereof. 

43 

Process Agent is defined in Section 11.16. 

Proposed Collateral Obligation means a Collateral Obligation that the Investment Manager has proposed to be Acquired by a
Borrower Entity. 

Pro Rata Share means, with respect to all payments, computations and other matters relating to the
Loans of any Lender at any time, the percentage obtained by dividing (a) the outstanding principal amount of the Loans plus the aggregate unused Commitments of that Lender at such time by (b) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Loans
plus the aggregate unused Commitments of all Lenders at such time. 

Protected Purchaser is defined in
Section 8-303 of the UCC. 

Qualified
Purchaser means qualified purchaser within the meaning of the InvestmentCompany Act.

Ramp-Up Period means the period commencing on the
Initial CreditFirst
Amendment Date and ending on January 7July 30, 20232025 (the Ramp-Up Period End Date). 

Recipient means
Administrative Agent, any Lender or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder. 

Recurring Revenue Loan means a Collateral Obligation the extensions of credit under which, or a maintenance covenant
applicable to which, is calculated on the basis of recurring revenue for a stated period rather than EBITDA, as determined by the Administrative Agent. 

Reference Time with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark means (1) if such Benchmark is Term SOFR, 5
P.M. (New York City time) on the day that is two U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the date of such setting, and (2) if such Benchmark is not Term SOFR, the time determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable
discretion. 

Register is defined in Section 2.4(b). 

Registered means a debt obligation that is issued after July 18, 1984 and that is in registered form within the
meaning of Section 881(c)(2)(B)(i) of the Code and the United States Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Regulation A, Regulation D, Regulation T, Regulation U and
Regulation X mean Regulations A, D, T, U and X, respectively, of the Board of Governors and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 

Reinvestment Criteria means the criteria set forth in the Transaction Documents (including the criteria set forth in the
definitions of Collateral Obligation, Collateral Obligation Criteria and Collateral Portfolio Requirements set forth therein and obtaining the consent of the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders) that,
pursuant to the terms set forth in the Transaction Documents are required to be satisfied as a condition to the Acquisition of a Collateral Obligation. 

Reinvestment Income means any interest or other earnings on unused proceeds deposited in the Principal Collection Account.

Reinvestment Period means the period from the Closing Date to and including the earlier of (x) July 7, 2025January
30, 2028 and (y) the date on which an Extraordinary Event occurs. 

Rejected Acquisition is defined in Section 8.2(a)(iv). 

44 

A Rejection-Related Prepayment Right shall arise if, during any 12-month
period, there are at least five (5) Rejected Acquisitions or Deemed Rejections. 

Relevant Governmental Body means
the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the FRBNY, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or FRBNY, or any successor thereto. 

Replacement Lender is defined in Section 2.18. 

Requisite Lenders means, at any time, Lenders holding more than 50% of the sum of (a) the aggregate principal amount of the
Loans outstanding at such time and (b) the aggregate unused Commitments at such time (but, to the extent there is more than one Lender at such time, Requisite Lenders will not include any Defaulting Lender). 

Reserved Expenses is defined in Section 6.3(b). 

Restructuring means, with respect to a Collateral Obligation, a Restructuring (as defined in Section 4.7
of the ISDA Definitions) has occurred in respect of the Collateral Obligation except that, for such purposes, Section 4.7(a)(iv) of the ISDA Definitions shall be amended to include the following at the end thereof: ; or a release of liens
or other credit support for the Obligation; or any other change that materially reduces the level of subordination enhancing the Obligation. For purposes of this Agreement, the Multiple Holder Obligation provisions of the ISDA
Definitions will not be applicable in determining whether any such Restructuring occurs. 

Revaluation Determination
Date means, for each Collateral Obligation, each date as of which a Value Adjustment Event occurs with respect to such Collateral Obligation. 

Revalued Asset means a Collateral Obligation as to which a Value Adjustment Event has occurred. 

Revalued Price means, in respect of a Collateral Obligation on any date: 

(a) if no Revaluation Determination Date has occurred with respect to such Collateral Obligation, the Assigned Price therefor;
and 

(b) if a Revaluation Determination Date has occurred with respect to such Collateral Obligation, the Asset Current
Price of that Collateral Obligation on such date. 

Revenue means, with respect to any Collateral Obligation and the
related obligor for any Financial Ratio Test Period, either (a) the definition of annualized recurring revenue used in the Underlying Instruments, or any comparable term for Revenue, Recurring Revenue or Adjusted
Revenue in the Underlying Instruments or (b) in the case of any Collateral Obligation with respect to which the Underlying Instruments do not include a definition of Revenue, Recurring Revenue or Adjusted
Revenue or comparable term, the amount of revenues of such obligor in respect of perpetual licenses, subscription agreements, maintenance streams, service, support, term license, management services, transactional revenues, membership
services, hosting or other similar and perpetual cash flow streams identified by the Calculation Agent (including, without limitation, software as a service subscription revenue), of the related obligor and any of its parents or subsidiaries that
are obligated with respect to such Collateral Obligation pursuant to the Underlying Instruments. 

Sale and Contribution
Agreements means collectively, the Borrower Sale and Contribution Agreement and other relevant sale and contributions, if any, to be identified. 

45 

Sale Proceeds means all amounts representing: 

(a) proceeds from the sale or other disposition of any Collateral Obligation or any other property received by a Borrower
Entity; 

(b) at the Investment Managers sole discretion (with notice to the Collateral Agent, the Administrative
Agent and the Collateral Administrator), any accrued interest received in connection with any Eligible Investment purchased with any proceeds described in subclause (a) above; and 

(c) any proceeds of the foregoing, including from the sale of Eligible Investments purchased with any proceeds described in
subclause (a) above (including any accrued interest thereon, but only to the extent so provided in subclause (b) above). 

In the
case of each of subclauses (a) through (c), Sale Proceeds shall only include proceeds received on or prior to the last day of the relevant Due Period (or with respect to the final Payment Date, the day immediately preceding the final Payment
Date). 

Sanctions and Sanctions Laws are defined in Section 4.18. 

Scheduled Maturity Date means
July 7January
30,
20272030. 

Schedule of Collateral Obligations means the schedule of Collateral
Obligations, which shall list each Collateral Obligation Acquired by the Borrower Entities, delivered pursuant to Section 3 on the Initial Credit Date, or any other schedule substantially in the same form, and supplemented, in either case, by
additional information regarding Collateral Obligations Acquired by the Borrower Entities, in each case as amended from time to time to reflect the release of Collateral Obligations and the inclusion of Collateral Obligations pursuant to the terms
and conditions hereof. 

S&P means Standard & Poors Financial Services LLC. 

Second Lien Collateral Obligation means a Collateral Obligation that is second priority under applicable law to another
loan of the same obligor that is secured by assets whose value does not constitute a material portion of the value of all assets of such obligor (subject to liens permitted under the applicable credit agreement that are reasonable and customary for
similar loans, and liens accorded priority by law in favor of the United States or any state or agency), all as determined by the Administrative Agent. 

Secured Parties means the Agents and the Lenders and each other Person (if any) identified as a Secured Party
in any of the Collateral Documents. 

Securities means any stock, shares, partnership interests, voting trust
certificates, certificates of interest or participation in any profit-sharing agreement or arrangement, options, warrants, bonds, debentures, notes, or other evidences of indebtedness, secured or unsecured, convertible, subordinated or otherwise, or
in general any instruments commonly known as securities or any certificates of interest, shares or participations in temporary or interim certificates for the purchase or acquisition of, or any right to subscribe to, purchase or acquire,
any of the foregoing. 

securities is defined in the UCC. 

Securities Account Control Agreement means the Securities Account Control Agreement dated on or around the Initial Credit
Date between the Borrower Entities and the Bank, as Collateral Agent, the Bank, as Securities Intermediary, and the Administrative Agent. 

Securities Intermediary is defined in Section 8-102(a)(14) of the UCC. 

46 

Security Entitlement is defined in Section 8-102(a)(17) of the UCC.

Seller means each of: 

(a) under the Borrower Sale and Contribution Agreement, Apollo Debt Solutions BDC; and 

(b) under each other Sale and Contribution Agreement, the Seller designated therein. 

Selling Institution means an institution from which a Participation would be Acquired. 

Senior Net Leverage Ratio means, with respect to any Collateral Obligation and the related obligor for any Financial Ratio
Test Period, either (a) the meaning of Senior Net Leverage Ratio or comparable term set forth in the Underlying Instruments for such Collateral Obligation, or (b) in the case of any Collateral Obligation with respect to which
the Underlying Instruments do not include a definition of Senior Net Leverage Ratio or comparable term, the ratio obtained by dividing (i) the indebtedness (including the full drawn but not the undrawn amount of any revolving and
delayed draw indebtedness) of the related obligor (other than indebtedness of such obligor that is junior in terms of payment or lien priority to the Collateral Obligation of such obligor held by the Borrower) as of such date, minus the Unrestricted
Cash of such obligor as of such date by (ii) EBITDA of such obligor for the Financial Ratio Test Period. 

Senior Unitranche
Loan means a First Lien Last Out Loan with respect to which, at the time a Commitment is made to Acquire such obligation by a Borrower Entity, the aggregate principal amount of the related First Lien First Out Loan comprises not more than
25% of the aggregate principal amount of the tranches comprising such First Lien First Out Loan and such First Lien Last Out Loan, as determined by the Administrative Agent. For the avoidance of doubt, a Unitranche With Subordinating
First-in-First-Out Obligation will not be a Senior Unitranche Loan. 

SOFR means, for any day, the secured overnight
financing rate published for such day by the FRBNY, as the administrator of the benchmark, (or a successor administrator) on the FRBNYs website. 

Special member means a natural person who (a) for the five-year period prior to his or her appointment as Special
Member has not been, and during the continuation of his or her service as such Special Member is not: (1) an employee, director, stockholder, member, manager, partner or officer of the Company or any of its Affiliates (other than his or her
service as an independent director or independent manager of Affiliates of the Company that are structured to be bankruptcy remote in a manner substantially similar to the Company); (2) a customer or supplier of the Company or any
of its Affiliates (other than a supplier of his or her service as an independent director or independent manager of the Company or such Affiliate); or (3) any member of the immediate family of a person described in clause (1) or (2) above; and
(b) has (1) prior experience as an independent director or independent manager for a corporation, limited liability company or limited partnership whose charter documents required the unanimous consent of all independent directors or independent
managers thereof before such corporation, limited liability company, or limited partnership could consent to the institution of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings against it or could file a petition seeking relief under any applicable federal or
state law relating to bankruptcy; and (2) at least three years of employment experience with one or more entities that provide, in the ordinary course of their respective businesses, advisory, management or placement services to issuers of
securitization or structured finance instruments, agreements or securities. 

Specified Credit Party means a Credit
Party other than the Limited Guarantor. 

47 

Specified Currency means, with respect to any Loan, obligation, payment
or Collateral Obligation means U.S. Dollars, except, in the case of Collateral Obligations, as may be otherwise approved by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion. 

Specified Information is defined in Section 5.14. 

Specified Payment Amounts means, with respect to any Payment Date, all Extraordinary Expense Amounts that the Investment
Manager has designated in writing to the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent, prior to the related Determination Date, as the Specified Payment Amounts (if any) for such Payment Date. 

Specified Payment Waterfall Provisions means clause (11) of the Interest Priority of Payments) and clause (9) of
the Principal Priority of Payments. 

Specified Person is defined in Section 10.7(b). 

Stated Maturity means, with respect to any security or debt obligation, the date specified in such security or debt
obligation as the fixed date on which the final payment of principal of such security or debt obligation is due and payable or, if such date is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day. 

Structured Finance Obligation means any obligation secured directly by, referenced to, or representing ownership of, a pool
of receivables or other financial assets of any obligor, including collateralized debt obligations and mortgage-backed securities. 

Subordinate Interests means the rights of the Borrower and the Equity Holder in and to the Collateral. 

Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, association, joint
venture or other business entity of which more than 50% of the total voting power of shares of stock or other ownership interests entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of the Person or Persons
(whether directors, managers, trustees or other Persons performing similar functions) having the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by that Person
or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof; provided that, in determining the percentage of ownership interests of any Person controlled by another Person, no ownership interest in the nature of a
qualifying share of the former Person shall be deemed to be outstanding. 

Successor Management Fees means
any management fees payable to a successor Investment Manager as agreed between the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and any such successor Investment Manager. 

Successor Investment Manager means a replacement Investment Manager appointed in the manner and to the extent provided in
the Investment Management Agreement. 

Syndicated Collateral Obligation means any Collateral Obligation that (i) is
Acquired by the Borrower at a price (calculated as of the date of acquisition or commitment to acquire by the Borrower) equal to or greater than 85.0% (expressed as a percentage of par of the related Collateral Obligation Notional Amount but
excluding any accrued interest) and (ii) at the time of determination, (1) is a broadly syndicated commercial loan; (2) is secured by a pledge of collateral, which security interest is validly perfected and either (x) a First
Lien Collateral Obligation or (y) a Second Lien Collateral Obligation; (3) has a collateral value or enterprise value securing such Loan Obligation (as determined in good faith by the Investment Manager on or about the time of origination) that
is equal to or in excess of (i) the outstanding principal balance of such Loan Obligation plus (ii) all other loans of equal or higher seniority 

48 

secured by the same collateral; (4) has a senior facility size of $200,000,000 or greater and has an EBITDA for the prior twelve (12) calendar months of $50,000,000 or greater (after
giving pro forma effect to any acquisition in connection therewith); (5) is rated by either S&P or Moodys (or the obligor is rated by S&P or Moodys) at the time of Acquisition by the Borrower; and (6) has a LoanX
liquidity score of 1-4 at the time of Acquisition; or (b) is otherwise deemed to be a Syndicated Collateral Obligation by the Administrative Agent, in each case determined as of the date of Acquisition of such Collateral Obligation by the
Administrative Agent, provided that if a Collateral Obligation otherwise qualifies on its date of Acquisition as Syndicated Collateral Obligation except for prong (4) above later becomes in compliance with prong (4), the Administrative Agent,
at the written request of the Investment Manager, may reclassify such Collateral Obligation as Syndicated Collateral Obligation. 

Syndication Agent is defined in the preamble. 

Synthetic Security means a security or swap transaction that has payments associated with either payments of interest on
and/or principal of a reference obligation or the credit performance of a reference obligation. 

Target Utilization
Percentage is defined in Section 2.7(c). 

Tax means any present or future tax, levy, impost,
duty, assessment, charge, fee, deduction or withholding (together with interest, penalties and other additions thereto) of any nature and whatever called, imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by any Governmental Authority. 

Tax Jurisdiction means the Bahamas, Bermuda, the British Virgin Islands, the Cayman Islands, the Channel Islands,
Curaao or Ireland. 

Term SOFR means, for any Interest Period, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor
comparable to the applicable Interest Period on the day (such day, the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day) that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such
rate is published by the Benchmark Administrator; provided, however, that if as of the Reference Time on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Benchmark
Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Benchmark Administrator on the first preceding U.S.
Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Benchmark Administrator; provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, Term SOFR shall at no time be less than 0.0% per annum. 

Term SOFR Reference Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the
Relevant Governmental Body. 

Terminated Lender is defined in Section 2.18. 

Tranche is defined in Section 2.1. 

Transaction Accounts means (a) the Interest Collection Account, the Payment Account, the Collateral Account, the
Principal Collection Account, the Expense Reserve Account, the Margin Account and the Unfunded Reserve Account; and (b) with respect to each Borrower Entity other than the Borrower, such accounts designated by the Administrative Agent. 

Transaction Data Room means a password-protected electronic data room established by the Borrower or the Investment Manager
on its behalf, access to which shall be available and provided at all times to the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, and the Administrative Agent. 

49 

Transaction Document means any of this Agreement, the Notes (if any), the
Fee Letters, the Collateral Administration Agreement, the Sale and Contribution Agreements and Transfer Supplements, the Administrative Agent Cooperation Agreement, the Limited Guaranty, the Collateral Documents, the Investment Management Agreement,
the Margining Agreement, and all other documents, certificates, instruments or agreements executed and delivered by or on behalf of a Credit Party for the benefit of any Agent or any Lender in connection herewith on or after the Closing Date. 

Transfer Date means each Subsequent Conveyance Date under the Sale and Contribution Agreements. 

Transferable means an obligation that is transferable to institutional investors without any contractual, statutory or
regulatory restriction, provided that none of the following shall be considered contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions: 

(a) contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions that provide for eligibility for resale pursuant to Rule 144A or
Regulation S promulgated under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (and any contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions promulgated under the laws of any jurisdiction having a similar effect in relation to the eligibility for
resale of an obligation); 

(b) restrictions on permitted investments such as statutory or regulatory investment
restrictions on insurance companies and pension funds; or 

(c) restrictions in respect of blocked periods on or around
payment dates or voting periods. 

Transfer Supplement means the supplement to the Schedule of Collateral Obligations,
as defined in accordance with the Sale and Contribution Agreements, delivered on each Transfer Date. 

Trust Officer
means, when used with respect to the Collateral Agent, any officer within the Corporate Trust Services Division (or any successor group of the Collateral Agent) including any director, managing director, vice president, assistant vice president,
associate or officer of the Collateral Agent customarily performing functions similar to those performed by the persons who at the time shall be such officers, or to whom any corporate trust matter is referred at the Corporate Trust Office because
of his or her knowledge of and familiarity with the particular subject, in each case having direct responsibility for the administration of this Agreement. 

UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code (or any similar or equivalent legislation) as in effect from time to time in any
applicable jurisdiction. 

Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the Benchmark
Replacement Adjustment. 

Unapproved Originated Collateral Obligation Condition means, with respect to any Originated
Collateral Obligation, that the Underlying Instruments for such Originated Collateral Obligation do not at the time of Acquisition by the Borrower (in the Administrative Agents sole and absolute judgment) conform substantially to the IC
Memorandum and Draft Instruments for such Originated Collateral Obligation delivered by the Borrower, and the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower within 10 Business Days of the date on which the Underlying Instruments are delivered hereunder.

Underlying Instruments means, with respect to any Collateral Obligation, (a) the indenture, credit agreement or
other agreement pursuant to which such Collateral Obligation has been issued or created, (b) each other agreement that governs the terms of or secures the obligations represented by such Collateral Obligation or of which the holders of such
Collateral Obligation are the beneficiaries and (c) all related closing documents, including, in each case, any Material Modifications thereto. 

50 

Underlying Portfolio means the portfolio of Collateral Obligations
(including Unsettled Sale Assets) or Unsettled Purchase Assets, as applicable, owned by the Borrower Entities or Committed to be owned by the Borrower Entities from time to time. 

Unfunded Exposure Amount means on any date of determination, with respect to any Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligations,
the aggregate amount (without duplication) of all unfunded commitments (the funding of which is subject only to the satisfaction of customary conditions to borrowing for revolving or delayed draw credit facilities including accuracy of
representations and warranties made by the related obligor, satisfaction of certain financial covenants and the absence of any default or event of default under the Underlying Instruments) pursuant to such Collateral Obligations. 

Unfunded Reserve Account has the meaning specified in Section 6.3(d). 

Unfunded Reserve Account Shortfall has the meaning specified in Section 6.3(d). 

Unfunded Reserve Required Amount means, with respect to each Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation included in the
Collateral, an amount equal to the aggregate sum of: 

(i) the aggregate sum of the unfunded commitments of the Borrower in
respect of all such Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligations, minus

(ii) the aggregate sum of the unfunded
commitments of the Borrower in respect of each such Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation included in the Collateral times the Revalued Price of such Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation (expressed as percentage of par) times the Advance Rate
then in effect for such Delayed Drawdown Collateral Loan; 

provided that after the Reinvestment Period, the Unfunded Reserve
Required Amount shall equal the Unfunded Exposure Amount. 

Unitranche With Subordinating First-in-First-Out Obligation
means a unitranche obligation for which the first-in-first out portion (or any analogous arrangement among lenders that creates a contractual subordination) comprises more than 20% of the aggregate principal amount of such obligation as of its issue
date (or at any time thereafter), all as determined by the Administrative Agent. 

Unrestricted Cash means
Unrestricted Cash or any comparable term in the Underlying Instruments for any Collateral Obligation, and in any case that Unrestricted Cash or such comparable term is not defined in such Underlying Instruments, all cash
available for use for general corporate purposes and not held in any reserve account or legally or contractually restricted for any particular purposes or subject to any lien (other than blanket liens permitted under or granted in accordance with
such Underlying Instruments), as reflected on the most recent financial statements of the related obligor that have been delivered to the Borrower. 

Unsecured Bond means any Collateral Obligation that is a Bond not secured by any assets of the obligor, as determined by
the Administrative Agent. 

Unsettled Purchase Asset means, as of any date, an asset that a Borrower Entity has
Committed to Acquire and in respect of which the Acquisition by such Borrower Entity has not yet settled. 

Unsettled Sale
Asset means, as of any date, a Collateral Obligation that a Borrower Entity has Committed to sell and in respect of which the sale by such Borrower Entity has not yet settled. 

51 

U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for
(a) a Saturday, (b) a Sunday or (c) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States
government securities. 

U.S. Lender is defined in Section 2.15(c). 

U.S. Person is defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act. 

U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate is defined in Section 2.15(c). 

Value Adjustment Event means, with respect to a Collateral Obligation or its related obligor, as applicable, the occurrence
of any of the following (with each of the financial ratios set forth in clauses (a), (b), (c), (d), (i) and (j) below being referred to herein as a Financial Ratio), as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole
discretion): 

(a) in the case of a Syndicated Collateral Obligation, the Asset Current Price of such Collateral Obligation
shall be less than 85% of par; 

(b) in the case of each Collateral Obligation (other than a Recurring Revenue Loan), an
increase of 0.75 or more turns in the Senior Net Leverage Ratio of the related underlying obligors during the related Financial Ratio Test Period; 

(c) in the case of each Collateral Obligation (other than a Recurring Revenue Loan), a decline of 20% or more in EBITDA of the
related underlying obligors during the related Financial Ratio Test Period; 

(d) in the case of each Collateral Obligation
(other than a Recurring Revenue Loan), a deterioration of 0.5 or more turns in the Interest Coverage Ratio of the related underlying obligors during the related Financial Ratio Test Period; 

(e) the occurrence of any Bankruptcy Event or Insolvency Event with respect to the related obligor, any Monetary Default, any
Other Material Default or any Covenant/Representation Breach, in each case with respect to such Collateral Obligation under the Underlying Instruments relating thereto (provided that, in the case of a Monetary Default, such Monetary default remains
uncured beyond any cure period allowed in the Underlying Instrument, not to exceed five (5) days); 

(f) any Material
Modification occurs with respect to such Collateral Obligation and such Material Modification has not been approved by the Administrative Agent; 

(g) in respect of such Collateral Obligation (x) the Borrower has failed to deliver to the Administrative Agent any
documents, financial information, requests, communications or other information made available or received by or on behalf of the related obligors or any administrative agents or servicers (or analogous representatives) under the related Underlying
Instruments at the times, in the manner and to the extent required under subparagraphs (4) or (5) set forth on Schedule A or (y) the obligor has failed to deliver information (including quarterly or annual financial statements)
required to be delivered pursuant to the related Underlying Instruments (including any relevant grace period in the Underlying Instruments); 

(h) the Collateral Obligation is on a non-accrual status or is not collectible; 

52 

(i) in the case of a Recurring Revenue Loan, the annualized Revenue of the
related obligor for any Financial Ratio Test Period has decreased by 15% or more below the Revenue of the related obligor at the Acquisition of such Recurring Revenue Loan; 

(j) in the case of a Recurring Revenue Loan, the Debt-to-Recurring Revenue Ratio of the related obligor for any Financial Ratio
Test Period has increased by 0.25x or more above the Debt-to-Recurring Revenue Ratio of such obligor at the Acquisition of such Recurring Revenue Loan; 

(k) there has occurred an Additional Value Adjustment Event with respect to such Collateral Obligation. 

Each Financial Ratio shall be tested quarterly on each Determination Date. 

For the avoidance of doubt, more than one Value Adjustment Event may occur with respect to any Collateral Obligation. 

Warranty Collateral Obligation is defined in Section 6.1 of the Borrower Sale and Contribution Agreement. 

1.2. 

Accounting Terms.

Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all accounting terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in
conformity with GAAP. Financial statements and other information required to be delivered by the Borrower to Lenders pursuant to Schedule A shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP as in effect at the time of such preparation. 

1.3. 

Interpretation, Etc.

(a) Any of the terms defined herein may, unless the context otherwise requires, be used in the singular or the plural, depending on the
reference. References herein to any Section, Appendix, Schedule or Exhibit shall be to a Section, an Appendix, a Schedule or an Exhibit, as the case may be, hereof unless otherwise specifically provided. The use herein of the word
include or including, when following any general statement, term or matter, shall not be construed to limit such statement, term or matter to the specific items or matters set forth immediately following such word or to
similar items or matters, whether or not non-limiting language (such as without limitation or but not limited to or words of similar import) is used with reference thereto, but rather shall be deemed to refer to all other
items or matters that fall within the broadest possible scope of such general statement, term or matter. 

(b) References to any statute or
code shall, unless otherwise specified, be deemed to refer to such statute or code and all rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, all as amended, modified, supplemented, waived, restated, amended and restated, replaced or otherwise modified
from time to time. 

(c) References to: 

(1) any agreements shall, unless otherwise specified, be deemed to refer to such agreements as amended, modified, supplemented,
waived, restated, amended and restated, replaced or otherwise modified from time to time; 

(2) any Person shall, unless
otherwise specified, include references to such Persons successors and assigns; and 

(3) any Person acting in any
particular capacity shall, unless otherwise specified, include references to such Persons successors and assigns in such capacity, 

53 

provided that the foregoing is without prejudice to the rights or remedies available
to a party herein or in any of the other Transaction Documents that restricts, limits or imposes conditions upon, or provides consequences for, any amendments, successions or assignments. 

1.4. 

Assumptions as to Collateral Obligations, Etc.

(a) In connection with all calculations required to be made pursuant to this Agreement with respect to Distributions on any Pledged
Obligations, or any payments on any other assets included in the Collateral, and with respect to the income that can be earned on Distributions on such Pledged Obligations and on any other amounts that may be received for deposit in the Transaction
Accounts, the provisions set forth in this Section 1.4 shall be applied. 

(b) All calculations with respect to Distributions on the
Pledged Obligations shall be made by the Investment Manager on the basis of information as to the terms of each such Pledged Obligation and upon report of payments, if any, received on such Pledged Obligation that are furnished by or on behalf of
the issuer of or borrower with respect to such Pledged Obligation and, to the extent they are not manifestly in error, such information or report may be conclusively relied upon in making such calculations. To the extent they are not manifestly in
error, any information or report received by the Investment Manager (other than those prepared by the Investment Manager), the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator, the Collateral Custodian or the Administrative Agent with respect to the
Collateral Obligations may be conclusively relied upon in making such calculations. 

(c) For each Due Period, the Distribution on any
Pledged Obligation (other than a Defaulted Obligation, which shall be, until any Distribution is actually received by a Borrower Entity from such Defaulted Obligation, assumed to have a Distribution of zero) shall be the minimum amount, including
coupon payments, accrued interest, scheduled Principal Payments, if any, by way of sinking fund payments which are assumed to be on a pro rata basis or other scheduled amortization of principal, return of principal, and redemption premium, if any,
assuming that any index applicable to any payments on a Pledged Obligation that is subject to change is not changed, that, if paid as scheduled, will be available in the Interest Collection Account or the Principal Collection Account, at the end of
the Due Period net of withholding or similar taxes to be withheld from such payments (but taking into account payments made in respect of such taxes that result in the net amount actually received by a Borrower Entity (free and clear of taxes,
whether assessed against such obligor thereof, the counterparty with respect thereto, or such Borrower Entity) being equal to the full amount that such Borrower Entity would have received had no such deduction or withholding been required). 

(d) All calculations under this Agreement shall be in U.S. Dollars unless otherwise specified. For purposes of this Agreement, unless
otherwise specified, calculations with respect to all amounts or assets received, held or required to be paid in a currency other than U.S. Dollars shall be made on the basis of the Dollar Equivalent thereof. 

(e) No Agent warrants, nor accepts responsibility, nor shall have any liability with respect to, the administration, submission or any other
matter related to the Benchmark, the Base Rates, the Prime Rate or, in each case, any comparable or successor rate thereto. 

(f) To the
extent of any ambiguity in the interpretation of any definition or term contained in this Agreement or to the extent more than one methodology can be used to make any of the determinations or calculations set forth therein, the Collateral
Administrator shall be entitled to request direction from the Investment Manager (which shall be subject to confirmation by the Administrative Agent) as to the interpretation and/or methodology to be used, and the Collateral Administrator shall
follow such direction, and together with the Bank Parties, shall be entitled to conclusively rely thereon without any responsibility or liability therefor. 

54 

(g) Any direction or Borrower Order required hereunder relating to the Acquisition, sale,
disposition or other transfer of Collateral may be in the form of a trade ticket, confirmation of trade, instruction to post or to commit to the trade or similar instrument or document or other written instruction (including by email or other
electronic communication or file transfer protocol) from the Borrower (or the Investment Manager) on which the Bank Parties may rely. 

(h)
For purposes of (1) the Schedule of Collateral Obligations or a list of Collateral Obligations prepared in accordance with this Agreement, (2) the Daily Reports, (3) the Monthly Reports, (4) the Additional Reports prepared in
accordance with this Agreement and (5) preparing any other reports hereunder, Collateral Obligations Committed to be Acquired by a Borrower Entity shall be treated as owned or Acquired by such Borrower Entity (with the Collateral Agent deemed
to have a perfected security interest or charge in such Collateral Obligation) and Collateral Obligations Committed to be sold by a Borrower Entity shall be treated as having been sold by such Borrower Entity and shall not be treated as owned by
such Borrower Entity. 

(i) For all purposes hereunder, Debt-to-Recurring Revenue Ratio, Senior Net Leverage
Ratio, Total Debt, Revenue, Interest Coverage Ratio and EBITDA shall be determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the terms hereof. 

SECTION 

2. LOANS AND COMMITMENTS 

2.1. 

Loans and Commitments. 

(a) Loans. During the Availability Period, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, each Lender severally agrees to make revolving
loans to the Borrower (each, a Loan and, together with any deemed Loan pursuant to Section 6.3(d), the Loans) in an aggregate amount up to but not exceeding such Lenders Commitment as then in effect;
provided that: 

(1) after giving effect to the making of any Loan, the Loan Amount does not exceed the lesser of
(x) the Adjusted Maximum Facility Amount and (y) the Borrowing Base Amount at such time; and 

(2) unless
otherwise consented to by the Administrative Agent, Loans shall not occur more frequently than 2 times per calendar week. 

Amounts
borrowed pursuant to this Section 2.1(a) may be repaid and reborrowed during the Availability Period. Each Lenders Commitment shall terminate immediately and without further action at 6:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the last day of the
Availability Period. 

(b) Borrowing Mechanics for Loans. 

(1) Loans shall be in USD (or such Specified Currency requested by the Borrower and consented to by the Lenders, in their sole
discretion) and in an aggregate minimum amount equal to the Applicable Minimum Amount and, in each case, integral multiples equal to the Applicable Integral Multiple in excess of that amount. 

(2) Subject to Section 2.1(d), whenever the Borrower desires that Lenders make Credit Extensions, the Borrower shall
deliver to the Administrative Agent (with a copy to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator) a fully executed Funding Notice no later than 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) at least one Business Day in advance of the proposed Credit
Date, or such period shorter as may be agreed by the Requisite Lenders and the Administrative Agent. 

(3) [Reserved]. 

55 

(4) For each Credit Extension, the Administrative Agent shall notify the
Borrower, the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator and each Lender of the principal amount of the Loans to be made and whether Collateral Type
1,or Collateral Type 2 or Collateral Type 3 will be applicable thereto, along with each Lenders respective Pro Rata Shares thereof
(which Pro Rata Shares shall be equal to the Loan amount that each Lender will be obligated to fund to the Borrower in each Specified Currency on the related Credit Date). Such notice shall be provided by the Administrative Agent with reasonable
promptness, but not later than 10:00 a.m. (New York City time) on such Credit Date. 

(5) For each Credit Extension,
each Lender shall make the amount of its Loans available to the Administrative Agent not later than 12:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the related Credit Date by wire transfer of same day funds in the related Specified Currency at the principal
office designated by the Administrative Agent. Upon satisfaction or waiver of the conditions precedent specified herein, the Administrative Agent shall make the proceeds of the Loans available to the Borrower on such Credit Date by causing an amount
of same day funds to be deposited in the Principal Collection Account for application of such proceeds in accordance with Section 2.3 or as otherwise agreed between the Administrative Agent and the Borrower. 

(6) If a funding does not occur on any Credit Date because any condition precedent to such requested borrowing herein specified
has not been met or not all Lenders have made their respective Loans on such date, then the Administrative Agent shall return any amounts received to the respective Lenders without interest. 

(c) [Reserved]. 

(d)
Notices. Each Funding Notice shall be executed by an Authorized Officer of the Borrower in a writing delivered to the Administrative Agent. In lieu of delivering a Funding Notice, the Borrower may give Administrative Agent telephonic notice
by the required time of any proposed borrowing; provided that each such notice shall be promptly confirmed in writing by delivery of the applicable Funding Notice to the Administrative Agent on or before the close of business on the date that
the telephonic notice is given; provided that a Funding Notice for all Loans made on the Initial Credit Date may, in the Administrative Agents sole and absolute discretion, be deemed to have been provided by other documentation
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. In the event of a discrepancy between the telephone notice and the written Funding Notice, the written Funding Notice shall govern. Neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall incur any liability
to the Borrower in acting upon any telephonic notice referred to above that the Administrative Agent believes in good faith to have been given by a duly authorized officer or other person authorized on behalf of the Borrower or for otherwise acting
in good faith. 

(e) Commitment Increases. 

(1) The Borrower may, by written notice to the Administrative Agent given during the Availability Period, from time to time
request an increase to the existing Commitments (any such increase, New Commitments) by an amount not less than U.S.$25,000,000 in the case of each such increase (or such lesser amount which shall be approved by Administrative
Agent), and integral multiples of U.S.$1,000,000 in excess of that amount. Each such notice shall specify the date (each, an Increased Amount Date) on which the Borrower proposes that the New Commitments shall be effective, which
shall be a date not less than 10 Business Days after the date on which such notice is delivered to the Administrative Agent or such shorter period of time as consented to by the Administrative Agent. Each such New Commitment shall be subject to
consent of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in their sole and absolute discretion. 

56 

(2) Such New Commitments shall become effective as of such Increased Amount
Date, provided that (A) the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have consented to such New Commitments in their sole and absolute discretion; (B) no Default or Event of Default shall exist on such Increased Amount Date before
or after giving effect to such New Commitments; (C) each of the conditions set forth in Section 3.2 shall be satisfied as if such Increased Amount Date were a Credit Date; (D) the Borrower shall make any payments required pursuant to
Section 2.7 and the Fee Letters in connection with such New Commitments; and (E) the Borrower shall deliver or cause to be delivered any legal opinions or other documents reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent in connection with
any such transaction. 

(3) On any Increased Amount Date on which New Commitments are effected, subject to the satisfaction
of the foregoing terms and conditions, (A) each New Commitment shall be deemed for all purposes a Commitment and each Loan made thereunder (a New Loan) shall be deemed, for all purposes, a Loan. The
terms and provisions of the New Commitments shall be identical to the terms and conditions of the Commitments, and the terms and conditions of the New Loans shall be identical to the terms and conditions of the Loans. 

2.2. 

Pro Rata Shares; Availability of Funds

(a) Pro Rata Shares. All Loans shall be made by Lenders simultaneously and proportionately to their respective Pro Rata Shares, it
being understood that no Lender shall be responsible for any default by any other Lender in such other Lenders obligation to make a Loan requested hereunder. 

(b) Availability of Funds. Unless the Administrative Agent shall have been notified by any Lender prior to the applicable Credit Date
that such Lender does not intend to make available to the Administrative Agent the amount of such Lenders Loan requested on such Credit Date, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such amount available to the
Administrative Agent on such Credit Date and the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, but shall not be obligated to, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount on such Credit Date. If the Administrative Agent has made such
corresponding amount available to the Borrower but such corresponding amount is not in fact made available to the Administrative Agent by such Lender, then the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to recover such corresponding amount on demand
from such Lender together with interest thereon, for each day from such Credit Date until the date such amount is paid to the Administrative Agent, at the customary rate set by the Administrative Agent for the correction of errors among banks for
three Business Days and thereafter at the Base Rate. If such Lender does not pay such corresponding amount forthwith upon the Administrative Agents demand therefor, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Borrower
shall on or prior to the next Payment Date pay such corresponding amount to the Administrative Agent together with interest thereon, for each day from such Credit Date until the date such amount is paid to the Administrative Agent, at the interest
rate otherwise payable hereunder. If (1) the Administrative Agent declines to make a requested amount available to the Borrower until such time as all applicable Lenders have made payment to the Administrative Agent, (2) a Lender fails to
fund to the Administrative Agent all or any portion of the Loans required to be funded by such Lender hereunder prior to the time specified in this Agreement and (3) such Lenders failure results in the Administrative Agent failing to make
a corresponding amount available to the Borrower on the applicable Credit Date, then such Lender shall not receive interest hereunder with respect to the requested amount of such Lenders Loans for the period commencing with the time specified
in this Agreement for receipt of payment by the Borrower through and including the time of the Borrowers receipt of the requested amount and the Borrower shall have no obligation to pay interest on any amounts not so advanced. Nothing in this
Section 2.2(b) shall be deemed to relieve any Lender from its obligation to fulfill its Commitments hereunder or to prejudice any rights that the Borrower may have against any Lender as a result of any default by such Lender hereunder. 

57 

2.3. 

Use of Proceeds.

The proceeds of the Loans made hereunder shall be used solely: 

(a) to Acquire Collateral Obligations (and, pending such Acquisitions, to deposit funds into the Principal Collection Account); 

(b) to fund the Borrowers payment of the costs and expenses payable hereunder and under the Fee Letters (including the Upfront Fees
payable on each Credit Date); 

(c) on the Initial Credit Date, to deposit an amount equal to the Expense Reserve Amount into the Expense
Reserve Account; 

(d) to make deposits in one or more of the Transaction Accounts as separately agreed by the Borrower and the
Administrative Agent (notice of which shall be provided to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator); 

(e) (x) to make
Permitted RIC Distributions to the Equity Holder or, subject to satisfaction of the Equity Distribution Test, to otherwise make Equity Distributions to the Equity Holder or (y) to make deferred purchase price payments to the Sellers in respect of
Collateral Obligations previously contributed by a Seller to the Borrower; and 

(f) to fund the Unfunded Reserve Account to the extent the
Unfunded Reserve Account is required to be funded pursuant to Section 6.03(d). 

2.4. 

Evidence of Debt; Register; Lenders Books and Records; Notes.

(a) Lenders Evidence of Debt. Each Lender shall maintain on its internal records an account or accounts evidencing the
Obligations of the Borrower to such Lender, including the amounts and currencies of the Loans made by it and each repayment and prepayment in respect thereof. Any such recordation shall be conclusive and binding on the Borrower, absent manifest
error; provided that (1) the failure to make any such recordation, or any error in such recordation, shall not affect the Borrowers Obligations in respect of any applicable Loans; and (2) in the event of any inconsistency
between the Register and any Lenders records, the recordations in the Register shall govern. 

(b) Register. The
Administrative Agent (or its agent or sub-agent appointed by it) shall maintain at its Principal Office a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and principal amounts (and stated interest) of the Loans owing to, each
Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register). The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower or any Lender (with respect to (1) any entry relating to such Lenders Loans and
(2) the identity of the other Lenders (but not any information with respect to such other Lenders Loans) at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. The Administrative Agent shall record, or shall
cause to be recorded, in the Register the Loans in accordance with the provisions of Section 11.6, and each repayment or prepayment in respect of the principal amount of the Loans, and any such recordation shall be conclusive and binding on the
Borrower and each Lender, absent manifest error; provided that failure to make any such recordation, or any error in such recordation, shall not affect any Lenders Commitments or the Borrowers Obligations in respect of any Loan.
The Borrower hereby designates the Administrative Agent to serve as the Borrowers non-fiduciary agent solely for purposes of maintaining the Register as provided in this Section 2.4, and the Borrower hereby agrees that, to the extent the
Administrative Agent serves in such capacity, the Administrative Agent and its officers, directors, employees, agents, sub-agents and affiliates shall constitute Indemnitees. 

58 

(c) Notes. If so requested by any Lender by written notice to the Borrower (with a
copy to the Administrative Agent) at least two Business Days prior to the Initial Credit Date, or at any time thereafter, the Borrower shall execute and deliver to such Lender (and/or, if applicable and if so specified in such notice, to any Person
who is an assignee of such Lender pursuant to Section 11.6) on the Initial Credit Date (or, if such notice is delivered after the Initial Credit Date, promptly after the Borrowers receipt of such notice) a Note or Notes to evidence such
Lenders Loans. If Notes are delivered to any Lender, the Borrower may establish commercially reasonable procedures for replacing lost or stolen Notes. 

2.5. 

Interest on Loans; Minimum Interest Amount.

(a) Interest Accruals. Except as otherwise set forth herein, and subject to Section 2.5(b) below, each Loan shall bear interest on
the unpaid principal amount thereof in relation to each Interest Period from the date made through repayment (whether by acceleration or otherwise) thereof at an amount in USD equal to 

(I) 

(aa) the Collateral Type 1 Percentage times (bb) the product of (A) the Benchmark applicable to such Loan
for such Interest Period from time to time plus the Collateral Type 1 Spread and (B) the average of the Loan Amounts during such Interest Period; plus 

(II) 

(aa) the Collateral Type 2 Percentage times (bb) the product of (A) the Benchmark applicable to such Loan
for such Interest Period from time to time plus the Collateral Type 2 Spread and (B) the average of the Loan Amounts during such Interest Period; plus

(III) (aa) the Collateral Type 3 Percentage times (bb) the product of (A) the Benchmark applicable to such Loan for such Interest Period from time to time plus the Collateral Type 3 Spread
and(B) the average of the Loan Amounts during such Interest Period;

(such sum of
(I), and (II) and (III) in relation to each Loan and each Interest Period
the Base Accrued Interest). 

(b) Minimum Accrued Interest Amount. In relation to each Payment Period and
the Payment Date occurring on the last day of such Payment Period, the Administrative Agent shall determine the amount equal to 

(I) 

(aa) the Collateral Type 1 Percentage times (bb) the product of (A) the Collateral Type 1 Spread and
(B) the product of the Adjusted Maximum Facility Amount times the Target Utilization Percentage; plus 

(II) 

(aa) the Collateral Type 2 Percentage times (bb) the product of (A) the Collateral Type 2 Spread and
(B) the product of the Adjusted Maximum Facility Amount times the Target Utilization Percentage; plus

(III) (aa) the Collateral Type 3 Percentage times (bb) the product of (A) the Collateral Type 3 Spread and (B) the product of the Adjusted Maximum Facility Amount times the Target Utilization
Percentage;

(such sum of (I), and (II) and (III) in relation to each Loan and each Payment Period
the Minimum Accrued Interest). 

On each Payment Date, the Minimum Accrued Interest Payment shall be the
excess (if any) of: (i) the Minimum Accrued Interest determined under this Section 2.5(b) for the related Payment Period over (ii) the sum of the Base Accrued Interest amounts determined in relation to each Loan and each Interest
Period falling during the related Payment Period (determined as if the Benchmark were equal to zero). 

(c) Interest Rate Determinations
and Payments. On each Payment Date, the Borrower shall pay to Collateral Agent for distribution to the Lenders an amount equal to the sum of the Base Accrued Interest amounts determined in relation to each Loan and the Minimum Accrued Interest
Payment determined under Section 2.5(b) for the related Payment Period (the Accrued Interest), in 

59 

accordance with the Priority of Payments. As soon as practicable after 10:00 a.m. (New York City time) on each Interest Rate Determination Date, the Administrative Agent shall determine (which
determination shall, absent manifest error, be final, conclusive and binding upon all parties) the interest rates that shall apply to the Loans for which an interest rate is then being determined for the applicable Interest Period (including the
amounts set forth under clauses (a) and (b) above), and shall promptly give notice thereof to the Borrower, the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator and each Lender. 

(d) Day-Count Fractions, Etc. 

(1) Interest payable pursuant to Section 2.5(a) shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year, in each case for the
actual number of days elapsed in the period during which it accrues, except that any interest accruing at a Base Rate shall be computed on the basis of a 365-day year. In computing interest on any Loan, the date of the making of such Loan or the
first day of an Interest Period applicable to such Loan shall be included, and the date of payment of such Loan or the expiration date of an Interest Period applicable to such Loan shall be excluded; provided that, if a Loan is repaid on the
same day on which it is made, one days interest shall be paid on that Loan. 

(2) Except as otherwise set forth
herein, interest on each Loan shall accrue on a daily basis and shall be payable in arrears on each Payment Date, upon any prepayment of that Loan, whether voluntary or mandatory, to the extent accrued on the amount being prepaid and at maturity of
the Loans, including final maturity of the Loans, in each case in accordance with the Priority of Payments or otherwise as expressly provided herein. 

2.6. 

Default Interest.

Upon written notice from the Administrative Agent following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the principal
amount of all Loans of each Tranche then outstanding and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, any interest thereon, and all Ancillary Amounts owing hereunder, shall bear interest (including post-petition interest in any proceeding under
Debtor Relief Laws) payable on demand at a rate that is 2.0% per annum in excess of the interest rate otherwise payable hereunder with respect to the Loans of such Tranche. Payment or acceptance of the increased rates of interest
provided for in this Section 2.6 is not a permitted alternative to timely payment and shall not in and of itself constitute a waiver of any Event of Default or otherwise prejudice or limit any rights or remedies of any Secured Party. 

2.7. 

Ancillary Amounts; Etc.

(a) Agent Fees. The Borrower has agreed to pay to the Agents such fees (the Agent Fees), in the amounts and on the
dates, as are set forth in the Agent Fee Letters. 

(b) Upfront Fees. The Borrower shall pay to each Lender, on the Initial CreditFirst
Amendment Date, a fee (the Upfront Fee) in the amount set forth in the GS Fee Letter as the Upfront Fee. Such Upfront Fee will be in all respects fully
earned, due and payable on the Initial
CreditFirst Amendment Date and non-refundable and
non-creditable thereafter. 

(c) Non-Utilization Fees. 

The Borrower agrees to pay to Lenders non-utilization fees (the Non-Utilization Fees) on the Daily Non-Utilization Fee
Calculation Amount as in effect from time to time at a rate per annum equal to 0.50%. Non-Utilization Fees shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year and the actual number of days elapsed and shall be payable in arrears pursuant to the
Priority of Payments or as otherwise expressly stated herein. As used herein, Daily Non-Utilization Fee Calculation Amount means, for each day, an amount equal to the excess (if any) of (x) the Adjusted Maximum Facility
Amount in effect on such day
over (y) the
greater of (i) the Loan Amount and (ii) the Adjusted Maximum Facility Amounttimes the Target Utilization Percentage for such date set out below over (y) the Loan
Amount on such day. 

60 

Minimum Utilization Payment Table 

Period Target Utilization Percentage 

From (but excluding) To (and including) 

Closing Date Three month anniversary of the Closing Date 25 % 

Three month anniversary of the Closing Date Six month anniversary of the Closing Date 50 % 

Six month anniversary of the Closing Date Scheduled MaturityFirst Amendment Date 75 % 

First Amendment Date Three month anniversary of the First Amendment Date 50 %

Three month anniversary of the First Amendment Date Six month anniversary of the First Amendment Date 62.5 %

Six month anniversary of the First Amendment Date Nine month anniversary of the First Amendment Date 67.5 %

Nine month anniversary of the First Amendment Date End of Reinvestment Period 75 %

(d) Make-Whole Payments. On each date on which a Make-Whole Event occurs, the Borrower shall pay to the
Lenders the related Make-Whole Amount. Make-Whole Amounts shall be payable pursuant to the Priority of Payments or as otherwise expressly stated herein. 

(e) BSL Rebate Amount. On each Payment Date, the Administrative Agent shall calculate the net amount payable by the Borrower under this
Section 2 by netting the Accrued Interest, Non-Utilization Fees and BSL Rebate Amount applicable on such Payment Date. 

2.8. 

Prepayments; Voluntary Commitment Reductions.

(a) Voluntary Prepayments. 

(1) Any time and from time to time, the Borrower may prepay any Loans on any Business Day in whole or in part (each, a
Voluntary Prepayment), in an aggregate minimum amount not less than the Applicable Minimum Amount and integral multiples in excess of that amount equal to the related Applicable Integral Multiple; provided that: 

(x) unless the Loan will be paid in full as a result of such Voluntary Prepayment, no Default or Event of Default has occurred
and is continuing or would result therefrom; and 

(y) sufficient amounts are on deposit in the Principal Collection
Account in the relevant Specified Currencies to pay the principal of the Loans to be prepaid together with the other amounts that will be owing in connection therewith (including any related Make-Whole Amount). 

(2) All such prepayments shall be made, upon not less than three Business Days prior written or telephonic notice in advance of
the proposed Voluntary Prepayment date, in each case given to the Administrative Agent (with a copy to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator) by 12:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date required and, if given by telephone,
promptly confirmed by delivery of written notice thereof to the 

61 

Administrative Agent (and the Administrative Agent will promptly transmit a copy of such written notice to each Lender). Each notice of a Voluntary Prepayment shall specify the principal amount
to be prepaid and the related prepayment date (which shall be a Business Day). Upon the giving of any such notice, the principal amount of the Loans specified in such notice shall become due and payable on the prepayment date specified therein. 

(b) Voluntary Commitment Reductions. 

(1) The Borrower may, upon not less than three Business Days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent (which
written notice the Administrative Agent will promptly transmit by electronic means to each applicable Lender), at any time and from time to time after the Ramp-Up
PeriodJanuary 7, 2023, terminate in whole or
permanently reduce in part the Commitments in an amount up to the amount by which the Commitments exceed the Loan Amount at the time of such proposed termination or reduction (each, a Voluntary Commitment Reduction);
provided that 

(x) any such partial reduction of the Commitments shall be in an aggregate minimum amount of
$5,000,000 and integral multiples of $1,000,000 in excess of that amount; 

(y) unless the Commitments will be terminated
in whole, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom; and 

(z) sufficient
amounts are on deposit in the Principal Collection Account in the relevant Specified Currencies to pay the other amounts that will be owing in connection therewith (including any related Make-Whole Amount). 

(2) The Borrowers notice to the Administrative Agent shall designate the date (which shall be a Business Day) of such
termination or reduction and the amount of any partial reduction, and such termination or reduction of the Commitments shall be effective on the date specified in the Borrowers notice and shall reduce the Commitment of each Lender
proportionately to its pro rata share thereof. 

(c) Other Amounts. Each payment of principal of the Loans in connection with a
Voluntary Prepayment shall be accompanied by payment of the related Make-Whole Amount, the amount of accrued interest on the portion of the Loans so prepaid and (if such payment is made other than on the last day of an interest period) any related
breakage costs payable under Section 2.13(c). Each Voluntary Commitment Reduction shall be accompanied by payment of the related Make-Whole Amount. 

(d) Non-Waterfall Payments. Voluntary Prepayments and payment of amounts under clause (c) above shall not be subject to the
Priority of Payments but instead shall be made solely out of Principal Proceeds or Interest Proceeds then on deposit in the Collection Account; provided that Interest Proceeds shall not be applied to make Voluntary Prepayments or pay amounts
under clause (c) above unless, after giving effect to such payment, there shall be sufficient Interest Proceeds available in the Interest Collection Account to make all payments of interest in accordance with the Priority of Payments on the
next Payment Date, with any remaining unpaid amounts to be paid out of Principal Proceeds and Interest Proceeds thereafter received in the Transaction Accounts until paid in full, and all amounts that continue to be owing on and after the next
Payment Date shall be payable under the Priority of Payments. 

2.9. 

Required Principal Payments.

(a) Scheduled Amortization. 

62 

(1) Principal of the Loans will be repayable on each Payment Date in
accordance with the Priority of Payments. 

(2) On the Maturity Date the Borrower shall repay the aggregate principal amount
of the Loans that are then outstanding. 

(b) Clean-Up. Not more than five (5) Business Days following the occurrence of a
Clean-Up Call Event, the Borrower shall prepay the Loans in full (a Clean-Up Call Prepayment). 

(c) Non-Waterfall
Payments. A Clean-Up Call Prepayment shall not be subject to the Priority of Payments but instead shall be made solely out of Principal Proceeds or Interest Proceeds then on deposit in the Collection Account; provided that Interest
Proceeds shall not be applied to pay such amounts unless, after giving effect to such payment, there shall be sufficient Interest Proceeds available in the Interest Collection Account to make all payments of interest in accordance with the Priority
of Payments on the next Payment Date, with any remaining unpaid amounts to be paid out of Principal Proceeds and Interest Proceeds thereafter received in the Transaction Accounts until paid in full, and all amounts that continue to be owing on and
after the next Payment Date shall be payable under the Priority of Payments. 

2.10. 

[Reserved].

2.11. 

General Provisions Regarding Payments.

(a) All payments by the Borrower shall be made in USD, in same day funds, without defense, recoupment, setoff or counterclaim, free of any
restriction or condition not later than 12:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date due therefor. For purposes of computing interest and fees, funds deposited after that time on such due date shall be deemed to have been paid by the Borrower on the
next succeeding Business Day. 

(b) Whenever any payment to be made hereunder shall be stated to be due on a day that is not a Business
Day, such payment shall be due on the next succeeding Business Day, and such extension of time shall be included in the computation of the payment of interest hereunder or of Ancillary Amounts hereunder. 

(c) Except as otherwise provided herein, all payments under this Agreement shall be made on the Payment Dates in accordance with the Priority
of Payments. 

(d) If an Event of Default shall have occurred and not otherwise been waived or cured, and the maturity of the Obligations
shall have been accelerated pursuant to Section 9 or pursuant to any sale of, any collection from, or other realization upon all or any part of the Collateral, all payments or proceeds received by Agents in respect of any of the Obligations
shall be applied in accordance with the Enforcement Priority of Payments. 

2.12. 

Ratable Sharing.

The Lenders hereby agree among themselves that if any of them shall, whether by voluntary payment (other than a voluntary prepayment of Loans
made and applied in accordance with the terms hereof), through the exercise of any right of set-off or bankers lien, by counterclaim or cross action or by the enforcement of any right under the Transaction Documents or otherwise, or as
adequate protection of a deposit treated as cash collateral under the Bankruptcy Code or under analogous provisions of any other Debtor Relief Law, receive payment or reduction of a proportion of the aggregate amount of principal, interest, amounts
payable in respect of fees and other amounts then due and owing to such Lender hereunder or under the other Transaction Documents (collectively, the Aggregate Amounts Due to such Lender) that is greater than the proportion
received by any other Lender in respect of the Aggregate Amounts Due to such other Lender, then the Lender receiving such proportionately 

63 

greater payment shall (a) notify the Administrative Agent and each other Lender of the receipt of such payment and (b) apply a portion of such payment to purchase participations (which
it shall be deemed to have purchased from each seller of a participation simultaneously upon the receipt by such seller of its portion of such payment) in the Aggregate Amounts Due to the other Lenders so that all such recoveries of Aggregate
Amounts Due shall be shared by all Lenders in proportion to the Aggregate Amounts Due to them; provided that, if all or part of such proportionately greater payment received by such purchasing Lender is thereafter recovered from such Lender
upon the bankruptcy or reorganization of the Borrower or otherwise, those purchases shall be rescinded and the purchase prices paid for such participations shall be returned to such purchasing Lender ratably to the extent of such recovery, but
without interest. The Borrower expressly consents to the foregoing arrangement and agrees that any holder of a participation so purchased may exercise any and all rights of bankers lien, consolidation, set-off or counterclaim with respect to
any and all monies owing by the Borrower to that holder with respect thereto as fully as if that holder were owed the amount of the participation held by that holder. The provisions of this Section 2.12 shall not be construed to apply to
(1) any payment made by the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement (including the application of funds arising from the existence of a Defaulting Lender) or (2) any payment obtained by any Lender as
consideration for the assignment or sale of a participation in any of its Loans or other Obligations owed to it. 

2.13. 

Making or Maintaining Loans.

(a) Inability to Determine Applicable Interest Rate. If the Administrative Agent or any Lender shall have determined (which
determination shall be final and conclusive and binding upon all parties hereto), on any Interest Rate Determination Date with respect to any Loans, that by reason of circumstances affecting the relevant interbank market, adequate and fair means do
not exist for ascertaining the interest rate applicable to such Loans on the basis provided for in the definition of Benchmark, the Administrative Agent shall on such date give notice to the Borrower and each Lender of such
determination, whereupon (i) such Loans shall bear interest at the applicable Base Rate plus the amounts determined under Section 2.5 until such time as the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances
giving rise to such notice no longer exist or a Benchmark Replacement has been selected, and (ii) any Funding Notice given by the Borrower with respect to such Loans shall be deemed to be rescinded by the Borrower or, at the election of the
Borrower, a request that such Loans be made bearing interest based on the applicable Base Rate instead of such applicable interest rate. 

(b) Illegality or Impracticability of Loans. If on any date (i) any Lender shall have determined (which determination shall be
final and conclusive and binding upon all parties hereto) that the making, maintaining, converting to or continuation of its Loans has become unlawful as a result of compliance by such Lender in good faith with any law, treaty, governmental rule,
regulation, guideline or order (or would conflict with any such treaty, governmental rule, regulation, guideline or order not having the force of law even though the failure to comply therewith would not be unlawful), or (ii) Administrative
Agent is advised in writing by the Requisite Lenders (which determination shall be final and conclusive and binding upon all parties hereto) that the making, maintaining, converting to or continuation of their Loans has become impracticable, as a
result of contingencies occurring after the Closing Date which materially and adversely affect the relevant interbank market or the position of the Lenders in that interbank market, then, and in any such event, such Lenders (or in the case of the
preceding clause (i), such Lender) shall be an Affected Lender and such Affected Lender shall on that day give notice (by e-mail or by telephone confirmed in writing) to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent of such
determination (which notice Administrative Agent shall promptly transmit to each other Lender). If the Administrative Agent receives a notice from (x) any Lender pursuant to clause (i) of the preceding sentence or (y) a notice from
Lenders constituting Requisite Lenders pursuant to clause (ii) of the preceding sentence, then (A) the obligation of the Lenders (or, in the case of any notice pursuant to clause (i) of the preceding sentence, such Lender) to make
additional Loans shall be suspended until such time as such circumstances cease to exist (at which time such notice shall be withdrawn by each Affected Lender); (B) to the extent such determination by the Affected Lender relates to a Loan then
being requested by the Borrower pursuant to a Funding Notice, such Funding Notice shall be deemed to be rescinded by the Borrower (or, at the election of the Borrower, be deemed to be a request that such Loan be made bearing interest based on

64 

the applicable Base Rate); (C) the Lenders (or in the case of any notice pursuant to clause (i) of the preceding sentence, such Lenders) obligations to maintain their
respective outstanding Loans that bear interest based on the applicable interest rate (the Affected Loans) shall be terminated at the earlier to occur of the expiration of the Interest Period then in effect with respect to the
Affected Loans or when required by law, and (D) the Affected Loans shall automatically convert into Loans that bear interest at the applicable Base Rate plus the amounts determined under Section 2.5 per annum on the date
of such termination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent a determination by an Affected Lender as described above relates to a Loan then being requested by the Borrower pursuant to a Funding Notice, the Borrower shall have the option,
subject to the provisions of Section 2.13(c), to rescind such Funding Notice as to all Lenders by giving written or telephonic notice (promptly confirmed by delivery of written notice thereof) to the Administrative Agent of such rescission on
the date on which the Affected Lender gives notice of its determination as described above (which notice of rescission the Administrative Agent shall promptly transmit to each other Lender). 

(c) Compensation for Breakage or Non-Commencement of Interest Periods. The Borrower shall compensate each Lender, upon written request
by such Lender (which request shall set forth the basis for requesting such amounts), for all reasonable losses, expenses and liabilities (including any interest paid or payable by such Lender to Lenders of funds borrowed by it to make or carry its
Loans and any loss, expense or liability sustained by such Lender in connection with the liquidation or re-employment of such funds but excluding loss of anticipated profits) which such Lender may sustain as a result of any of the following (each, a
Breakage Event): 

(1) if for any reason (other than a default by such Lender) a borrowing of any Loan
does not occur on a date specified therefor in a Funding Notice or a telephonic request for borrowing; 

(2) if any
prepayment or other principal payment of any of the Loans on a date prior to the last day of an Interest Period applicable to that Loan; or 

(3) if any prepayment of any of its Loans is not made on any date specified in a notice of prepayment given by the Borrower.

(d) Booking of Loans. Any Lender may make, carry or transfer Loans at, to, or for the account of any of its branch offices or the
office of an Affiliate of such Lender. 

(e) Assumptions Concerning Funding of Loans. Calculation of all amounts payable to a Lender
under this Section 2.13 and under Section 2.14 shall be made as though such Lender had actually funded each of its relevant Loans through the purchase of a deposit relating to such Loans bearing interest at the applicable interest rate in
an amount equal to the amount of such Loan and having a maturity comparable to the relevant Interest Period and through the transfer of such deposit relating to such Loans from an offshore office of such Lender to a domestic office of such Lender in
the United States of America; provided that each Lender may fund each of its Loans in any manner it sees fit and the foregoing assumptions shall be utilized only for the purposes of calculating amounts payable under this Section 2.13 and
under Section 2.14. 

2.14. 

Increased Costs; Capital Adequacy.

(a) Compensation for Increased Costs and Taxes. Subject to the provisions of Section 2.15 (which shall be controlling with respect
to the matters covered thereby), if any Lender shall determine (which determination shall, absent manifest error, be final and conclusive and binding upon all parties hereto) that any Change in Law: (1) subjects such Lender (or its applicable
lending office) or any company controlling such Lender to any additional Tax (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income
Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto; (2) imposes, modifies or holds applicable any

65 

reserve (including any marginal, emergency, supplemental, special or other reserve), special deposit, liquidity, compulsory loan, FDIC insurance or similar requirement against assets held by, or
deposits or other liabilities in or for the account of, or advances or loans by, or other credit extended by, or any other acquisition of funds by, any office of such Lender (other than any such reserve or other requirements with respect to Loans
that are reflected in the determination of the interest rates) or any company controlling such Lender; or (3) imposes any other condition (other than with respect to a Tax matter) on or affecting such Lender (or its applicable lending office)
or any company controlling such Lender or such Lenders obligations hereunder or the London interbank market; and the result of any of the foregoing is to increase the cost to such Lender of agreeing to make, making or maintaining Loans
hereunder or to reduce any amount received or receivable by such Lender (or its applicable lending office) with respect thereto; then, in any such case, the Borrower shall promptly pay to such Lender, upon receipt of the statement referred to in the
next sentence, such additional amount or amounts (in the form of an increased rate of, or a different method of calculating, interest or in a lump sum or otherwise as such Lender in its sole discretion shall determine) as may be necessary to
compensate such Lender for any such increased cost or reduction in amounts received or receivable hereunder; provided that such compensation shall be due and payable only if such Lender is charging similarly situated borrowers for similar costs,
damages, losses or expenses at such time. Such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) a written statement, setting forth in reasonable detail the basis for calculating the additional amounts owed to such
Lender under this Section 2.14(a), which statement shall be conclusive and binding upon all parties hereto absent manifest error. 

(b) Capital Adequacy and Liquidity Adjustment. If any Lender shall have determined (which determination shall, absent manifest error,
be final and conclusive and binding upon all parties hereto) that (1) any Change in Law regarding capital adequacy or liquidity or (2) compliance by any Lender (or its applicable lending office) or any company controlling such Lender with
any Change in Law regarding capital adequacy or liquidity, has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on the capital of such Lender or any company controlling such Lender as a consequence of, or with reference to, such Lenders
Loans, or participations therein or other obligations hereunder with respect to the Loans to a level below that which such Lender or such controlling company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration the policies of
such Lender or such controlling company with regard to capital adequacy and liquidity), then from time to time, within five Business Days after receipt by the Borrower from such Lender of the statement referred to in the next sentence, the Borrower
shall pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such controlling company on an after-tax basis for such reduction. Such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) a
written statement, setting forth in reasonable detail the basis for calculating the additional amounts owed to Lender under this Section 2.14(b), which statement shall be conclusive and binding upon all parties hereto absent manifest error.

(c) Delay in Requests. Failure or delay on the part of any Lender to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not
constitute a waiver of such Lenders right to demand such compensation; provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender pursuant to this Section for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than
nine months prior to the date that such Lender notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions, and of such Lenders intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the Change in Law giving
rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the nine-month period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof). 

2.15. 

Taxes; Withholding, Etc. 

(a) Payments to Be Free and Clear. All sums payable by or on behalf of any Credit Party hereunder and under the other Transaction
Documents shall be paid free and clear of, and without any deduction or withholding on account of, any Tax, unless such deduction or withholding is required by law. 

66 

(b) Withholding of Taxes. If any Credit Party or any other Person (acting as a
withholding agent) is (in such withholding agents reasonable good faith discretion) required by law to make any deduction or withholding on account of any such Tax from any sum paid or payable by any Credit Party to the Administrative Agent or
any Lender under any of the Transaction Documents: (1) the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of any such requirement or any change in any such requirement as soon as the Borrower becomes aware of it; (2) the Borrower shall
pay, or cause to be paid, any such Tax before the date on which penalties attach thereto, such payment to be made (if the liability to pay is imposed on any Credit Party) for its own account or (if that liability is imposed on the Administrative
Agent or such Lender, as the case may be) on behalf of and in the name of the Administrative Agent or such Lender; (3) and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, unless otherwise provided in this Section 2.15, the sum payable by such Credit
Party in respect of which the relevant deduction, withholding or payment is required shall be increased to the extent necessary to ensure that, after the making of that deduction, withholding or payment (including any such Taxes or Other Taxes
imposed or asserted on or attributable to additional amounts payable under this Section 2.15), the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, receives on the due date a net sum equal to what it would have received had no such
deduction, withholding or payment been required or made; and (4) within thirty days after the due date of payment of any Tax which it is required by clause (2) above to pay, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or
a certified copy of a receipt issued by the relevant taxing authority evidencing such payment, a copy or the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such deduction, withholding or payment and of the remittance thereof to the relevant
taxing or other authority reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

(c) Evidence of Exemption from U.S. Withholding
Tax. Each Lender that is a United States person (as such term is defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code) (a U.S. Lender) shall deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower on or prior to the
Initial Credit Date (or, if later, on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a party to this Agreement) two copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 (or any successor form), properly completed and duly executed by such Lender,
certifying that such U.S. Lender is entitled to an exemption from United States backup withholding tax, or otherwise prove that it is entitled to such an exemption. Each Lender that is not a United States person (as such term is defined
in Section 7701(a)(30 of the Code) (a Foreign Lender) shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a
Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable: (1) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an
income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Transaction Document, two executed copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, as applicable, establishing an exemption
from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Transaction Document, two executed copies of Internal Revenue
Service Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, as applicable, establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty; (2) two executed
copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8ECI; (3) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit B-1
to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a
controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate) and (y) two executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, as applicable; or (4) to the
extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, two executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, as applicable, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit B-2 or
Exhibit B-3, two executed copies of IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign
Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit B-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner. Each Lender required to deliver any
forms, certificates or other evidence with respect to United States federal income tax withholding matters pursuant to this Section 2.15(c) hereby agrees, from time to time after the initial delivery by such Lender of such forms, certificates
or other evidence, whenever a lapse in time or change in circumstances renders such forms, certificates or other evidence obsolete or inaccurate in any material respect, that 

67 

such Lender shall promptly deliver to the Administrative Agent for transmission to the Borrower two new
copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 (or any successor form) properly completed and duly executed by such Lender, and such other documentation required under the Code and reasonably requested by the Borrower to confirm or establish that such
Lender is not subject to deduction or withholding of United States federal income tax or backup withholding tax with respect to payments to such Lender under the Transaction Documents, or notify the Administrative Agent and the Borrower of its
inability to deliver any such forms, certificates or other evidence. 

(d) FATCA. Each Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the
Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by
Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under
FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lenders obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (d), FATCA shall include any
amendments made to FATCA after the Closing Date. 

(e) Payment of Other Taxes. Without limiting the provisions of
Section 2.15(b), the Borrower shall timely pay all Other Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authorities in accordance with applicable law. The Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent official receipts or other evidence of such
payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in respect of any Other Taxes payable hereunder promptly after payment of such Other Taxes. 

(f) Borrower Indemnity. The Borrower shall indemnify the Agents and any Lender for the full amount of Taxes for which additional
amounts are required to be paid pursuant to Section 2.15(b) arising in connection with payments made under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document (including any such Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable
under this Section 2.15) paid or payable by the Administrative Agent or Lender or any of their respective Affiliates and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally
imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to such Credit Party shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Such payment shall be due within ten days of such
Credit Partys receipt of such certificate. 

(g) Lender Indemnity. Each Lender shall severally indemnify each Agent for (1)
Taxes for which additional amounts are required to be paid pursuant to Section 2.15(b) arising in connection with payments made under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document (including any such Taxes imposed or asserted on or
attributable to amounts payable under this Section 2.15) attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that the Borrower has not already indemnified such Agent therefor and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so);
(2) any Taxes attributable to such Lenders failure to comply with the provisions of Section 11.6(g)(1) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (3) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case,
that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Transaction Document and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the
relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Such payment shall be due within ten days of such
Lenders receipt of such certificate. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Collateral Agent or the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Transaction Document or otherwise payable
by such Agent to such Lender from any other source against any amount due to an Agent under this paragraph (g). 

(h) Refunds. If
any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 2.15 (including additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.15), it
shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section 2.15 

68 

with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes)
of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified
party the amount paid over pursuant to this paragraph (h) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) if such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (h), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph (h) the payment of which would place the indemnified party
in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the indemnification payments or additional amounts giving rise to such refund had never been paid. This paragraph shall not be construed to require any
indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 

2.16. 

Obligation to Mitigate. 

Each Lender agrees that, if such Lender requests payment under Section 2.13, 2.14 or 2.15, then such Lender will, to the extent not
inconsistent with the internal policies of such Lender and any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, use reasonable efforts to make, issue, fund or maintain its Credit Extensions or Commitments, including any Affected Loans, through another
office of such Lender if, as a result thereof, the additional amounts payable to such Lender pursuant to Section 2.13, 2.14 or 2.15, as the case may be, in the future would be eliminated or reduced and if, as determined by such Lender in its
sole discretion, the making, issuing, funding or maintaining of such Loans through such other office or in accordance with such other measures, as the case may be, would not otherwise adversely affect such Loans or the interests of such Lender;
provided that such Lender will not be obligated to utilize such other office pursuant to this Section 2.16 unless the Borrower agrees to pay all incremental expenses incurred by such Lender as a result of utilizing such other office as
described above. A certificate as to the amount of any such expenses payable by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.16 (setting forth in reasonable detail the basis for requesting such amount) submitted by such Lender to the Borrower (with
a copy to the Administrative Agent) shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

2.17. 

Defaulting Lenders. 

(a) Defaulting Lender Adjustments. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a
Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as such Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable law, any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of
such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Section 9 or otherwise) or received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 11.4 shall be applied at such time or times as
may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows: first, to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder; second, as the Borrower may request (so long as no Default or Event
of Default shall have occurred and be continuing other than a Default or Event of Default that has arisen due to such Lender becoming a Defaulting Lender), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its
portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent; third, if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to be held in a Deposit Account and released pro rata in order to satisfy such
Defaulting Lenders potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans under this Agreement; fourth, so long as no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing other than a Default or Event of Default that
has arisen due to such Lender becoming a Defaulting Lender, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of
such Defaulting Lenders breach of its obligations under this Agreement; and fifth, to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of
the principal amount of any Loans and (y) such Loans were made at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 3.2 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of all Non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro
rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any 

69 

Loans of such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance
with the applicable Commitments. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting
Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto. 

(b) Defaulting Lender Cure. If the Borrower and the Administrative Agent
agree in writing that a Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein, that Lender
will, to the extent applicable, purchase at par that portion of outstanding Loans of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the Loans to be held pro rata by the Lenders in
accordance with the applicable Commitments, whereupon such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender; provided that, except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to
Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender having been a Defaulting Lender. 

2.18. 

Removal or Replacement of a Lender. 

Anything contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding, if: 

(a) (1) any Lender (an Increased-Cost Lender) shall give notice to the Borrower that such Lender is an Affected Lender
or that such Lender is entitled to receive payments under Section 2.13, 2.14 or 2.15, (2) the circumstances which have caused such Lender to be an Affected Lender or which entitle such Lender to receive such payments shall remain in
effect, and (3) such Lender shall fail to withdraw such notice within five Business Days after the Borrowers request for such withdrawal; or 

(b) during the Availability Period, any Lender shall become a Defaulting Lender, and such Defaulting Lender shall fail to cure the default
pursuant to Section 2.17(b) within five Business Days after the Borrowers request that it cure such default; or 

(c) in
connection with any proposed amendment, modification, termination, waiver or consent with respect to any of the provisions hereof as contemplated by Section 11.5(b), the consent of the Requisite Lenders shall have been obtained but the consent
of one or more of such other Lenders (each a Non-Consenting Lender) whose consent is required shall not have been obtained, then, with respect to each such Increased-Cost Lender, Defaulting Lender or Non-Consenting Lender (the
Terminated Lender), the Borrower may, by giving written notice to the Administrative Agent and any Terminated Lender of its election to do so, elect to cause such Terminated Lender (and such Terminated Lender hereby irrevocably
agrees) to assign its outstanding Loans in full to one or more Eligible Assignees (each a Replacement Lender) in accordance with the provisions of Section 11.6 and the Borrower shall pay the fees, if any, payable thereunder
in connection with any such assignment from an Increased-Cost Lender, a Non-Consenting Lender or a Defaulting Lender; provided that: 

(1) on the date of such assignment, the Replacement Lender shall pay to the Terminated Lender an amount equal to the sum of
(A) an amount equal to the principal of, and all accrued interest on, all outstanding Loans of such Terminated Lender and (B) an amount equal to all accrued, but theretofore unpaid fees owing to such Terminated Lender hereunder; 

(2) on the date of such assignment, the Borrower shall pay any amounts payable to such Terminated Lender (unless such
Terminated Lender is a Defaulting Lender) pursuant to Section 2.13(c), 2.14 or 2.15; or otherwise as if it were a prepayment; 

(3) such assignment does not conflict with applicable law; 

70 

(4) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for
compensation under Section 2.14 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.15, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter; and 

(5) if such Terminated Lender is a Non-Consenting Lender, each Replacement Lender shall consent, at the time of such
assignment, to each matter in respect of which such Terminated Lender was a Non-Consenting Lender. 

Upon the prepayment of all amounts
owing to any Terminated Lender, such Terminated Lender shall no longer constitute a Lender for purposes hereof; provided that any rights of such Terminated Lender to indemnification hereunder shall survive as to such Terminated
Lender. Each Lender agrees that if the Borrower exercises its option hereunder to cause an assignment by such Lender as a Non-Consenting Lender or Terminated Lender, such Lender shall, promptly after receipt of written notice of such election,
execute and deliver all documentation necessary to effectuate such assignment in accordance with Section 11.6. If a Lender does not comply with the requirements of the immediately preceding sentence within one Business Day after receipt of such
notice, each Lender hereby authorizes and directs the Administrative Agent to execute and deliver such documentation as may be required to give effect to an assignment in accordance with Section 11.6 on behalf of a Non-Consenting Lender or
Terminated Lender and any such documentation so executed by the Administrative Agent shall be effective for purposes of documenting an assignment pursuant to Section 11.6. Any removal of Goldman Sachs or its successor as a Defaulting Lender
pursuant to this Section shall also constitute the removal of Goldman Sachs or its successor as the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 11.7. 

2.19. 

Obligations Absolute. 

The Borrower hereby waives, for the benefit of each Agent and the Lenders (hereinafter, the Beneficiaries): (1) any
defense based upon any statute or rule of law which provides that the obligation of a surety must be neither larger in amount nor in other respects more burdensome than that of the principal; (2) any defense based upon any Beneficiarys
errors or omissions in the administration of the Obligations, except behavior which amounts to bad faith; (3) (i) any principles or provisions of law, statutory or otherwise, which are or might be in conflict with the terms hereof and any
legal or equitable discharge of the Borrowers obligations hereunder, (ii) the benefit of any statute of limitations affecting the Borrowers liability hereunder or the enforcement hereof, (iii) any rights to set-offs,
recoupments and counterclaims, and (iv) promptness, diligence and any requirement that any Beneficiary protect, secure, perfect or insure any security interest or lien or any property subject thereto; (4) notices, demands, presentments,
protests, notices of protest, notices of dishonor and notices of any action or inaction, including acceptance hereof, notices of default hereunder or any agreement or instrument related thereto, notices of any renewal, extension or modification of
the Obligations or any agreement related thereto, notices of any extension of credit to the Borrower and any right to consent to any thereof; and (5) any defenses or benefits that may be derived from or afforded by law which limit the liability
of or exonerate guarantors or sureties, or which may conflict with the terms hereof. 

2.20. 

Benchmark Replacement. 

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, the Administrative Agent and the
Borrower may amend this Agreement to replace any Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement. Any such amendment with respect to a Benchmark Transition Event will become effective at the Reference Time on the fifth Business Day after the Administrative
Agent has posted such proposed amendment to all Lenders and the Borrower so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such amendment from Lenders comprising the Requisite Lenders. No replacement
of a Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement pursuant to this paragraph will occur prior to the applicable Benchmark Transition Start Date. In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent will have the right
to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, any amendments implementing such 

71 

Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any
other party to this Agreement. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower, the Bank Parties and the Lenders of (a) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, and its related Benchmark Replacement Date and Benchmark
Transition Start Date, (b) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (c) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes and (d) the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any
determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or Lenders pursuant to this paragraph including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event,
circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party hereto, except, in each
case, as expressly required pursuant to this paragraph. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent must approve the Benchmark Replacement for use under this Agreement and, during any Benchmark Unavailability Period, the replacement rate
will be the Base Rate. 

2.21. 

Valuation Disputes. 

(a) If the Borrower in good faith and in writing (a Dispute Notice): 

(1) disputes the Revalued Price of one or more Collateral Obligations following a Value Adjustment Event, as determined by the
Calculation Agent as of any Business Day (each, a Disputed Collateral Obligation), and set forth in such Dispute Notice a higher valuation proposed by the Investment Manager in respect of such Disputed Collateral Obligation; or

(2) disputes the calculation of a Borrowing Base Deficiency or Price Buffer Deficiency, and set forth in such Dispute
Notice the calculation proposed by the Investment Manager in respect thereof; 

in each case within two Business Days of the calculation
of such amounts by the Calculation Agent, then for so long as such dispute (each a Dispute) is continuing (and provided that no Event of Default occurs or is then continuing), upon the request of the Borrower, the Calculation
Agent and the Borrower will work together in good faith to resolve such Dispute; provided that (i) the Borrower may not dispute the Asset Current Price of any Collateral Obligation if such Asset Current Price is not at least 0.05% lower than
the Assigned Price of such Collateral Obligation and (ii) on the date of any Dispute Notice, the cumulative aggregate Collateral Obligation Notional Amount of all Disputed Collateral Obligations revalued by the Investment Manager pursuant to
clause (c)(3) below since the Closing Date may not exceed 20% of the aggregate Collateral Obligation Notional Amount of the Collateral Obligations on such date. 

(b) Subject to clause (c), while such Dispute with respect to a Revalued Price is pending, such Revalued Price shall be the Revalued Price as
determined by the Calculation Agent. 

(c) The Administrative Agent or the Investment Manager, as applicable, may dispute the Revalued
Price of any Disputed Collateral Obligation by any of the foregoing procedures: 

(1) With respect to any Syndicated
Collateral Obligation, the Investment Manager or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, may provide Firm Bids from at least two Approved Broker Dealers for each Disputed Collateral Obligation. For each such Disputed Collateral Obligation, the
Revalued Price shall be recalculated to be the average of the Firm Bids. 

72 

(2) With respect to any Disputed Collateral Obligation that is not a
Syndicated Collateral Obligation, the Investment Manager or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, may provide a Firm Bid from at least one Approved Broker Dealer for each Disputed Collateral Obligation. For each such Disputed Collateral
Obligation, the Revalued Price shall be such Firm Bid. 

(3) With respect to any Disputed Collateral Obligation that is not
a Syndicated Collateral Obligation: 

(A) the Investment Manager may provide a valuation report of an Approved Valuation
Firm with respect to such Disputed Collateral Obligation (which shall take into account any applicable Value Adjustment Events) after receipt of written notice from the Administrative Agent of the Revalued Price for such Collateral Obligation; and,
effective as of the date of delivery of such valuation report, the Revalued Price shall equal the fair market value provided by such Approved Valuation Firm; provided that (i) such value may not exceed the Assigned Price and
(ii) regardless of the date of such report, such valuation must be as of the effective date for the Revalued Price determined by the Calculation Agent (the Price Determination Date); and 

(B) in the event the Administrative Agent does not agree in good faith with the Revalued Price determined pursuant to the
foregoing clause (A), then the Administrative Agent may hire an Approved Valuation Firm (which Approved Valuation Firm, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not be the same Approved Valuation Firm engaged by the Investment Manager pursuant to the
foregoing clause (A)) to provide a fair market value for such Disputed Collateral Loan after its receipt of the valuation report pursuant to the foregoing clause (A); and, effective as of the Price Determination Date, the Revalued Price shall equal
the average of the fair market values provided by in the valuation reports described in clause (A) and this clause (B); provided that such value may not exceed the Assigned Price. 

(d) Nothing in this Section shall relieve the Borrower of its obligations to comply with its obligations under the Margining Agreement based
upon (x) the Revalued Prices applicable from time to time as provided hereunder and under the Margining Agreement and (y) all other determinations made by the Calculation Agent hereunder and under any of the other Transaction Documents.

(e) The Administrative Agent (for itself and on behalf of the Lenders) agrees that, if: 

(1) any Dispute continues unresolved for more than seven Business Days; and 

(2) the relevant Borrower Entity Disposes of the relevant Disputed Collateral Obligation in accordance with the terms and
conditions set forth herein and in the other Transaction Documents (and, if (I) any consent of the Administrative Agent or one or more Lenders is required for such removal or transfer and (II) the Investment Manager requests the Administrative
Agent or the Lenders to consent to the Disposal of such Disputed Collateral Obligation pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in Section 8, then the Administrative Agent shall (on behalf of the Lenders) give its consent to such transfer
and removal), 

then the Disposal of such Disputed Collateral Obligation pursuant to clause (2) shall be deemed to resolve such
Dispute for purposes hereof as of the date on which the Administrative Agent gives such consent. 

73 

SECTION 3. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 

3.1. 

Initial Credit Date. 

The obligation of each Lender to enter into this Agreement and make a Credit Extension on the Initial Credit Date is subject to the
satisfaction, or waiver in accordance with Section 11.5, of the following conditions on or before the Initial Credit Date: 

(a)
Transaction Documents. The Administrative Agent shall have received sufficient copies of each Transaction Document as the Administrative Agent shall request, originally executed and delivered by each Credit Party and each other Person party
thereto. 

(b) Organizational Documents; Incumbency. The Administrative Agent shall have received, in respect of each Credit Party,
(1) sufficient copies of each Organizational Document as the Administrative Agent shall request, and, to the extent applicable, certified as of the Initial Credit Date or a recent date prior thereto by the appropriate Governmental Authority;
(2) signature and incumbency certificates of the officers of such Credit Party; (3) resolutions of the Board of Directors or similar governing body of such Credit Party approving and authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of
this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party or by which it or its assets may be bound as of the Initial Credit Date, certified as of the Initial Credit Date by its secretary or an assistant secretary as being in full
force and effect without modification or amendment; (4) a good standing certificate from the applicable Governmental Authority of such Credit Partys jurisdiction of incorporation, organization or formation and in each jurisdiction in
which it is qualified as a foreign corporation or other entity to do business, each dated the Initial Credit Date or a recent date prior thereto; (5) signature and incumbency certificates of one or more officers of the Borrower who are
authorized to execute Funding Notices delivered under this Agreement and (6) such other documents as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request. 

(c) Governmental Authorizations and Consents. Each Credit Party shall have obtained all Governmental Authorizations and all consents of
other Persons, in each case that are necessary or advisable in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and each of the foregoing shall be in full force and effect and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to the Administrative Agent. All applicable waiting periods shall have expired without any action being taken or threatened by any competent authority which would restrain, prevent or otherwise impose adverse conditions on the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents or the financing thereof and no action, request for stay, petition for review or rehearing, reconsideration, or appeal with respect to any of the foregoing shall be pending, and the time for any applicable
agency to take action to set aside its consent on its own motion shall have expired. 

(d) Collateral Obligations. The Schedule of
Collateral Obligations, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, shall have been received by the Administrative Agent. 

(e) Collateral. In connection with the creation in favor of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Secured Parties, of a valid,
perfected First Priority security interest in the personal property Collateral, each Grantor shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent: 

(1) evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent of the compliance by each Grantor of their obligations under the Pledge
and Security Agreement, the Equity Pledge and Security Agreement and the other Collateral Documents (including their obligations to execute or authorize, as applicable, and deliver Financing Statements, originals of securities, instruments and
chattel paper and any agreements governing deposit and/or securities accounts as provided therein); 

74 

(2) opinions of counsel (which counsel shall be reasonably satisfactory to
the Administrative Agent) with respect to the creation of and perfection of the security interest in favor of the Collateral Agent in such Collateral and such other matters governed by the laws of each jurisdiction in which any Grantor or any
personal property Collateral is located as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, in each case in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent; 

(3) a certificate of an Authorized Officer of each Grantor, dated as of the Initial Credit Date, to the effect that, in the
case of each Collateral Obligation pledged for inclusion in the Collateral on the Initial Credit Date and immediately prior to the delivery thereof on the Initial Credit Date: 

(A) subject to Permitted Liens, such Grantor has good and marketable title to such Collateral Obligation free and clear of any
liens, claims, encumbrances or defects of any nature whatsoever except (i) for those that are being released on the Initial Credit Date, (ii) for those encumbrances arising from due bills, if any, with respect to interest, or a portion
thereof, accrued on such Collateral Obligation prior to the Initial Credit Date and owed by such Grantor to the seller of such Collateral Obligation or (iii) those Granted pursuant to the Transaction Documents; 

(B) such Grantor has Acquired its ownership in such Collateral Obligation in good faith without notice of any adverse claim,
except as described in paragraph (A) above; 

(C) such Grantor has not assigned, pledged or otherwise encumbered any
interest in such Collateral Obligation (or, if any such interest has been assigned, pledged or otherwise encumbered, it has been released) other than interests Granted pursuant to the Transaction Documents; 

(D) such Grantor has full right to Grant a security interest in and assign and pledge such Collateral Obligation to the
Collateral Agent; 

(E) subject to Permitted Liens, upon Grant by such Grantor and the taking of the relevant actions
contemplated by the Collateral Documents, the Collateral Agent has a perfected security interest in the Collateral that is of first priority, free of any adverse claim or the legal equivalent thereof; 

(F) each Collateral Obligation owned or Committed to be Acquired by such Grantor is listed in the Schedule of Collateral
Obligations, and the information set forth with respect to such Collateral Obligation in the Schedule of Collateral Obligations is correct; 

(G) [reserved]; and 

(H) each Collateral Obligation satisfies the requirements of the definition of Collateral Obligation and
Collateral Portfolio Requirements. 

(f) Opinions of Counsel. The Agents and Lenders and their respective counsel shall
have received originally executed copies of: 

(1) opinions of Dechert LLP, counsel to the Investment Manager, each Credit
Party and the Sellers dated the Initial Credit Date; and 

(2) an opinion of Richards Layton and Finger, counsel to the
Equity Holder, dated the Initial Credit Date, each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (and each Credit Party hereby instructs such counsel to deliver such opinions to the Agents and Lenders). 

75 

(g)Agent Opinions of Counsel. The Agents and Lenders and their
respective counsel shall have received originally executed copies of opinions of Nixon Peabody LLP, counsel to the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Collateral Custodian, dated the Initial Credit Date. 

(h)Fees. The Borrower shall have paid to each Agent and Lender the fees payable on or before the Initial Credit Date
referred to in Section 2.7 and all expenses payable pursuant to Section 11.2 that have accrued to the Initial Credit Date, together with the fees and expenses of Cleary Gottlieb Steen and Hamilton LLP, special New York counsel for the
Administrative Agent, and Nixon Peabody LLP, counsel to the Bank Parties and the Collateral Custodian, incurred in connection with the preparation and execution of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. 

(i)No Litigation. There shall not exist any action, suit, investigation, litigation, proceeding, hearing or other legal
or regulatory developments, pending or threatened in any court or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority that, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent, singly or in the aggregate, materially impairs any of the other
transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents or that could have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(j)Patriot
Act. At least 10 days prior to the Initial Credit Date or such shorter period of time as agreed by the Lenders in writing, the Lenders shall have received all documentation and other information required by bank regulatory authorities under
applicable know-your-customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56
(signed into law October 26, 2001) the PATRIOT Act). 

(k) Accounts. Evidence of the establishment
of each of the Transaction Accounts. 

(l) Evidence that an amount equal to the Unfunded Reserve Required Amount with respect
to the Collateral Obligations to be acquired on the Closing Date shall have been deposited into the Unfunded Reserve Account. 

(m)Other Matters. Such other documents as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require; provided that nothing in this clause shall imply or impose a duty on the Administrative Agent to so require. 

3.2. Conditions to Each Credit Extension. 

(a) Conditions Precedent. The obligation of each Lender to make any Loan on any Credit Date, including the Initial Credit Date,
are subject to the satisfaction, or waiver in accordance with Section 11.5, of the following conditions precedent: 

(1) the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have received a fully executed and delivered Funding Notice relating
thereto; 

(2) the principal amount of the Loans to be made in such Credit Extension shall not exceed the undrawn
Commitments as at the related Credit Date; and, after giving effect to such Credit Extension, the Loan Amount does not exceed the lesser of (x) the Adjusted Maximum Facility Amount at such time and (y) the Borrowing Base Amount at such
time; 

(3) as of such Credit Date, the representations and warranties contained herein and in the other Transaction
Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of that Credit Date to the same extent as though made on and as of 

76 

that date, except to the extent such representations and warranties specifically relate to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall have been true and correct in
all material respects on and as of such earlier date; provided that, in each case, such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text
thereof; 

(4) as of such Credit Date, no event shall have occurred and be continuing or would result from the
consummation of the applicable Credit Extension that would constitute a Default or an Event of Default; and 

(5)
after the making of such Loan and the deposit of any portion thereof into the Unfunded Reserve Account, the amount on deposit therein is at least equal to the Unfunded Reserve Required Amount. 

Any Agent or the Requisite Lenders shall be entitled, but not obligated to, request and receive, prior to the making of any Credit Extension,
additional information reasonably satisfactory to the requesting party confirming the satisfaction of any of the foregoing if, in the good faith judgment of such Agent or the Requisite Lender such request is warranted under the circumstances and
such information is requested from the Borrower in writing (an Additional Information Request) no later than 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date the applicable Funding Notice is received. 

(b) Deemed Representations. Each borrowing of a Loan hereunder shall constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrower as
of the applicable Credit Date that the conditions contained in Section 3.2(a) have been satisfied except as otherwise acknowledged by the Administrative Agent. 

SECTION 4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

In order to induce the Agents and the Lenders to enter into this Agreement and to induce the Lenders to make each Credit Extension to be made
thereby, the Borrower represents and warrants to each Agent and Lender, on the Closing Date and on each Credit Date, that the following statements are true and correct: 

4.1. Organization; Requisite Power and Authority; Qualification. 

Each Credit Party (a) is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization,
(b) has all requisite power and authority to own and operate its properties, to carry on its business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted, to enter into the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and to carry out the
transactions contemplated thereby, and (c) is qualified to do business and in good standing in every jurisdiction where its assets are located and wherever necessary to carry out its business and operations, except in jurisdictions where the
failure to be so qualified or in good standing has not had, and could not be reasonably expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect. 

4.2. Equity Interests; Ownership; Collateral Obligations 

(a) The Equity Interests of each Borrower Entity have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable. As
of the Closing Date, other than any capital commitments or other rights of a member or other equity holder as of the Closing Date to make capital contributions to the Borrower, there is no existing option, warrant, call, right, commitment or other
agreement to which any Borrower Entity is a party requiring, and there is no membership interest or other Equity Interests of any Borrower Entity outstanding which upon conversion or exchange would require, the issuance by such Borrower Entity of
any additional membership interests or other Equity Interests of it or other Securities convertible into, exchangeable for or evidencing the right to subscribe for or purchase, a membership interest or other Equity Interests of such Person. 

77 

(b) Appendix C-1 correctly sets forth the ownership interest of the Borrower in its
Subsidiaries as of the Closing Date. 

(c) Appendix C-2 correctly sets forth a true, correct and complete list of all Collateral
Obligations owned by the Borrower Entities as of the Closing Date. 

4.3. Due Authorization 

The execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of each of
Credit Party that is a party thereto. 

4.4. No Conflict 

The execution, delivery and performance by each Credit Party of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents do not and will not (a) violate (1) any provision of any law or any governmental rule or regulation applicable to it, (2) any of its Organizational Documents or (3) any order,
judgment or decree of any court or other agency of government binding on it or its properties except to the extent that such order, judgment or decree could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; (b) conflict with,
result in a breach of or constitute (with due notice or lapse of time or both) a default under any of its material contractual obligation; (c) result in or require the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any of its properties or assets
(other than any Liens created under any of the Transaction Documents in favor of Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties and any other Permitted Liens); or (d) require any approval of stockholders, members or partners or any
approval or consent of any Person under any material contractual obligation, except for such approvals or consents which will be obtained on or before the Initial Credit Date and disclosed in writing to Lenders. 

4.5. Governmental Consents 

The execution, delivery and performance by each Credit Party of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents do not and will not require any registration with, consent or approval of, or notice to, or other action to, with or by, any Governmental Authority, except for filings and recordings with
respect to the Collateral to be made, or otherwise delivered to Collateral Agent for filing and/or recordation, as of the Initial Credit Date or the failure of which to obtain would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

4.6. Binding Obligation 

Each Transaction Document to which each Credit Party is a party has been duly executed and delivered by such Credit Party and is the legally
valid and binding obligation of such Credit Party, enforceable against such Credit Party in accordance with its terms, except as may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws relating to or limiting
creditors rights generally or by equitable principles relating to enforceability. 

4.7. Adverse Proceedings, Etc. 

There are no Adverse Proceedings, individually or in the aggregate, that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No
Credit Party (a) is in violation of any applicable laws that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or (b) is subject to or in default with respect to any final judgments, writs,
injunctions, decrees, rules or regulations of any court or any federal, state, municipal or other governmental department, commission, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality, domestic or foreign, that, individually or in the aggregate, could
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

78 

4.8. Payment of Taxes. 

Except as otherwise permitted hereunder, all U.S. federal and other material Tax returns and reports covering the Credit Parties required to be
filed by any of them have been timely filed, and all U.S. federal and other material Taxes that are due and payable and all assessments, fees and other governmental charges upon the Credit Parties and upon their respective properties, assets,
income, businesses and franchises which are due and payable have been paid when due and payable. There is no proposed material Tax assessment against any Credit Party that is not being actively contested by such Credit Party in good faith and by
appropriate proceedings. 

4.9. Properties 

Each Grantor has good, sufficient and legal title to its properties and assets. Except as permitted by this Agreement, all such properties and
assets are free and clear of Liens other than Permitted Liens. No Grantor owns or leases any real estate. 

4.10. No Defaults

No Credit Party is in default in the performance, observance or fulfillment of any of the obligations, covenants or conditions
contained in any of its contractual obligations, and no condition exists which, with the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both, could constitute such a default, except where the consequences, direct or indirect, of such default or defaults,
if any, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

4.11. Material Contracts 

No Material Contracts are in effect as of the Closing Date. 

4.12. Governmental Regulation 

No Credit Party (other than the Equity Holder) is required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. The business
and other activities of the Credit Parties, including the making of the Loans hereunder, the application of the proceeds thereof and repayment thereof by the Borrower and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents, do not result in a violation or breach in any material respect of the provisions of the Investment Company Act or any rules, regulations or orders issued by the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder, in each case that are
applicable to the Credit Parties. of a registered investment company as such terms are defined in the Investment Company Act. 

4.13. Federal Reserve Regulations; Exchange Act 

No Credit Party is engaged principally, or as one of its important activities, in the business of extending credit for the purpose of buying or
carrying Margin Stock. No portion of the proceeds of any Credit Extension shall be used in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, that causes or could reasonably be expected to cause, such Credit Extension or the application of such proceeds to
violate Regulation T, Regulation U or Regulation X or any other regulation of the Board of Governors or to violate the Exchange Act. 

4.14. Employee Benefit Plans 

Neither the Equity Holder, the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries maintains or contributes to any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan. No
ERISA Event has occurred, when taken together with all other such ERISA Events for which liability is reasonably expect to occur, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The assets of the Borrower are not treated as
plan assets for purposes of Section 3(42) of ERISA. 

79 

4.15. Solvency 

Each Credit Party is and, upon the incurrence of any Obligation by any Credit Party on any date on which this representation and warranty is
made, will be, on a consolidated basis with its consolidated group (if applicable), solvent. 

4.16. Compliance with Statutes,
Etc. 

Each Credit Party is in compliance with all applicable statutes, regulations and orders of, and all applicable restrictions
imposed by, all Governmental Authorities, in respect of the conduct of its business and the ownership of its property, except such non-compliance that, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect. 

4.17. Disclosure 

No representation or warranty of any Credit Party (other than with respect to projections, forward-looking information, general economic data
and general industry information) contained in any Transaction Document or in any other documents, certificates or written statements furnished to any Agent or Lender by or on behalf of any Credit Party for use in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereby, taken as a whole, contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact (known to the Borrower, in the case of any document not furnished by it or any information obtained by such Credit Party from
an obligor or other unaffiliated third party) necessary in order to make the statements contained herein or therein not misleading in light of the circumstances in which the same were made. There are no facts known (or which should upon the
reasonable exercise of diligence be known) to any Credit Party (other than matters of a general economic nature) that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect and that have not been
disclosed herein or in such other documents, certificates and statements furnished to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders for use in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, immediately after giving effect to the delivery of any
Financial and Other Information and any and all updates and deliveries to the Administrative Agent or Lenders from time to time. 

4.18.
Sanctioned Persons; Anti-Corruption Laws; PATRIOT Act 

No Credit Party nor any of its directors, officers or, to the knowledge
of the Borrower, employees, agents, advisors or Affiliates is subject to any sanctions or economic embargoes administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of State or the U.S. Department of Treasury (including the Office of Foreign Assets
Control), or any other applicable sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions, and the associated laws, rules, regulations and orders, collectively, Sanctions Laws). Each Credit Party and their respective
directors, officers and, to the knowledge of the Borrower, employees, agents, advisors and Affiliates is in compliance, in all material respects, with (a) all Sanctions Laws, (b) the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 and
any other applicable anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws, rules, regulations and orders (collectively, Anti-Corruption Laws) and (c) the PATRIOT Act and any other applicable terrorism and money laundering laws, rules,
regulations and orders. 

No part of the proceeds of the Loans will be used, lent, contributed, or otherwise made available, directly or,
to the knowledge of the Borrower, indirectly, (A) for the purpose of financing or funding or facilitating any activities or business of or with any Person or in any country or territory that at such time is the subject of any Sanctions or in
any other manner that would violate Sanctions Laws;, (B) for any payments to any governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office, or anyone else acting in an official capacity, in
order to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in violation of any Anti-Corruption Law. 

80 

The Borrower shall not permit any Person or any country or territory that at such time is
the subject of any Sanctions to have any direct or indirect interest in or connection to any funds repaid or remitted by the Borrower in connection with this Agreement that would result in a violation of Sanctions Laws by, or a restriction on the
use of such funds with respect to, any Person participating in the transactions contemplated hereby. 

SECTION 5. COVENANTS

The Borrower covenants and agrees that, so long as any Commitment is in effect and until payment in full of all Obligations (other
than contingent obligations for which no claim has been asserted), the Borrower shall perform, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to perform, all covenants set forth in this Section 5. 

5.1. Compliance with Laws, Etc. 

The Borrower will (and will cause its Subsidiaries to) comply in all material respects with applicable laws, rules, regulations, writs,
judgments, injunctions, decrees, awards and orders with respect to it, its business and its properties. The Borrower will (and will cause its Subsidiaries to) comply in all material respects with all Material Contracts and all other material
contractual and other obligations. 

5.2. Maintenance of Books and Records. 

Each Borrower Entity shall maintain and implement administrative and operating procedures reasonably necessary in the performance of its
obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, and the Borrower shall keep and maintain, or cause its Board of Directors to keep or maintain at all times, or cause to be kept and maintained at all times in the registered office
of the Borrower specified in its respective Constitutive Documents, all documents, books, records, accounts and other information as are required under applicable law. 

5.3. Existence of Borrower, Etc. 

(a) The Borrower shall take all reasonable steps to maintain its identity as a separate legal entity from that of its members. The
Borrower shall keep its principal place of business at the address specified on Appendix B. The Borrower will always maintain at least one Special Member. 

(b) The Borrower shall: 

(1) [Reserved]; 

(2) file its own tax returns, if any, as may be required under applicable law (to the extent (x) not part of a
consolidated group filing a consolidated return or returns or (y) not treated as a division for tax purposes of another taxpayer) and pay any taxes so required to be paid under applicable law; 

(3) not commingle its assets with assets of any other person; 

(4) conduct its business in its own name and strictly comply with all organizational formalities necessary to maintain
its separate existence (and the Borrower hereby represents that all such formalities have been complied with since the Borrowers formation); 

(5) maintain books and records separate from any other Person; 

81 

(6) maintain separate financial statements (it being understood that,
if the Borrowers financial statements are part of a consolidated group with its Affiliates, then any such consolidated statements shall contain a note indicating the Borrowers separateness from any such Affiliates and that its assets are
not available to pay the debts of such Affiliate); 

(7) pay its own liabilities only out of its own funds; 

(8) maintain an arms-length relationship with its Affiliates; 

(9) hold itself out as a separate Person (except to the extent treated as a disregarded entity for U.S. tax purposes),
and not hold out its credit or assets as being available to satisfy the obligations of others; 

(10) pay its fair
and reasonable share of overhead for shared office space, if any; 

(11) use separate stationery, invoices and checks
and not of any other entity (unless such entity is clearly designated as being the Borrowers agent); 

(12) not
pledge its assets as security for the obligations of any other person; 

(13) correct any known misunderstanding
regarding its separate identity; 

(14) maintain adequate capital in light of its contemplated business purpose,
transactions and liabilities and pay its operating expenses and liabilities from its own assets; 

(15) not take any
Material Action without the unanimous affirmative vote of each member of its board of directors, including, in all cases, each of the Independent Members; and 

(16) not have any employees. 

(c) The Borrower shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to adhere to the requirements of paragraphs (a) and (b) above, mutatis
mutandis.

5.4. Protection of Collateral. 

(a) Each Borrower Entity shall from time to time execute and deliver all such supplements and amendments hereto and all such Financing
Statements, continuation statements, instruments of further assurance and other instruments, and shall take such other action as may be reasonably necessary to secure the rights and remedies of the Secured Parties hereunder and under the other
Transaction Documents (provided that the Borrower shall be entitled to rely on any Opinion of Counsel delivered pursuant to Section 5.5 and any Opinion of Counsel with respect to the same subject matter delivered pursuant to
Section 3 (each such Opinion of Counsel, a Lien Opinion) to determine what actions are reasonably necessary, and shall be fully protected in so relying on such a Lien Opinion, unless the Borrower has knowledge that the
procedures described in any such Lien Opinion are no longer adequate to maintain such perfection and priority) and to: 

(1)
Grant more effectively all or any portion of the Collateral; 

(2) maintain or preserve the lien (and the
priority thereof) under the Collateral Documents and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party or to carry out more effectively the purposes hereof and thereof; 

82 

(3) perfect, publish notice of or protect the validity of any Grant
made or to be made by the Collateral Documents; 

(4) enforce any of the Pledged Obligations or other instruments or
property included in the Collateral; 

(5) preserve and defend title to the Collateral and the rights therein of the
Collateral Agent and the Secured Parties in the Collateral and the Collateral Agent against the claims of all persons and parties; 

(6) pay any and all taxes levied or assessed upon all or any part of the Collateral and use its commercially reasonable
efforts to minimize taxes and any other costs arising in connection with its activities; and 

(7) give, execute,
deliver, file and/or record any Financing Statement, notice, instrument, document, agreement or other papers that may be necessary or desirable to create, preserve, perfect or validate the security interest granted pursuant to the Collateral
Documents or under the other Transaction Documents or to enable the Collateral Agent to exercise and enforce its rights hereunder and thereunder with respect to such pledge and security interest, and hereby authorizes the Collateral Agent to file
Financing Statements listing all assets of the debtor in the collateral description of such Financing Statements. 

The
Borrower Entities hereby designate the Collateral Agent as the agent and attorney-in-fact for the Borrower Entities to file, upon Borrower Order, any Financing Statement, continuation statement or other instrument required pursuant to this
Section 5.4; provided that such appointment shall not impose upon the Collateral Agent any of the Borrower Entities obligations under this Section 5.4. The Borrower Entities shall cause to be filed one or more continuation
statements under the applicable UCC (it being understood that the Borrower Entities (and to the extent the Collateral Agent takes any action, the Collateral Agent) shall be entitled to rely upon an Opinion of Counsel, including a Lien Opinion, as to
the need to file such Financing Statements and continuation statements, the dates by which such filings are required to be made and the jurisdictions in which such filings are required to be made). 

(b) The Collateral Agent shall not (1) except in accordance with Section 6.8(a), (b) or (c), as applicable, remove any
portion of the Collateral that consists of Cash or is evidenced by an instrument, certificate or other writing (A) from the jurisdiction in which it was held at the date the most recent Lien Opinion was delivered pursuant hereto or
(B) from the possession of the Person who held it on such date or (2) cause or permit ownership or the pledge of any portion of the Collateral that consists of book entry securities to be recorded on the books of a Person (A) located
in a different jurisdiction from the jurisdiction in which such ownership or pledge was recorded at such date or (B) other than the Person on whose books such ownership or pledge was recorded at such date, unless the Collateral Agent shall have
first received an Opinion of Counsel to the effect that the lien and security interest created by this Agreement with respect to such property will continue to be maintained after giving effect to such action or actions. 

5.5. Opinions as to Collateral. 

On or before the fifth anniversary of the Closing Date, the Borrower shall furnish to the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent a New
York law opinion (and a law opinion for each other jurisdiction that is relevant to the Collateral Agents security interest in the Collateral) relating to the security interests granted by the Grantors to the Collateral Agent under the
Transaction Documents, stating that, as of the date of each such opinion, the lien and security interest created by the Transaction Documents with respect to the Collateral remain in effect and that no further action (other than as specified in any
such opinion) needs to be taken to ensure the continued effectiveness of such lien over 

83 

the next year (a UCC Opinion). The Lenders shall at all times have the right (at their
sole cost and expense) to procure additional UCC Opinions on behalf of the Borrower. The Borrower Entities and the Investment Manager shall cooperate in good faith with the Lenders in procuring all such UCC Opinions. 

5.6. Performance of Obligations. 

(a) If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, no Borrower Entity nor the Investment Manager shall take any action
that would release any principal obligor from any of such principal obligors covenants or obligations under any Underlying Instrument, except in connection with the restructuring, default, waiver or amendment of any Collateral; provided
that the Requisite Lenders shall have consented to such action. 

(b) The Borrower Entities may contract with other Persons,
including the Investment Manager and the Collateral Administrator, for the performance of actions and obligations to be performed by the Borrower Entities hereunder by such Persons and the performance of the actions and other obligations with
respect to the Collateral of the nature set forth in the Investment Management Agreement by the Investment Manager and the Collateral Administration Agreement by the Collateral Administrator. Notwithstanding any such arrangement, the Borrower
Entities shall remain primarily liable with respect thereto. In the event of any such contract, the performance of such actions and obligations by such Persons shall be deemed to be performance of such actions and obligations by the relevant
Borrower Entities; and the Borrower will punctually perform, and use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Investment Manager or such other Person to perform, all of their obligations and agreements contained in the Investment Management
Agreement, the Collateral Administration Agreement or such other agreement. 

(c) Each Borrower Entity agrees to comply in all
material respects with all requirements applicable to it set forth in any Opinion of Counsel obtained pursuant to any provision of this Agreement including satisfaction of any event identified in any Opinion of Counsel as a prerequisite for the
obtaining or maintaining by the Collateral Agent of a perfected security interest in any Collateral Obligation, Eligible Investment or other Collateral that is of first priority, free of any adverse claim or the legal equivalent thereof, as
applicable. 

5.7. Negative Covenants. 

(a) No Borrower Entity will: 

(1) sell, transfer, assign, participate, exchange or otherwise dispose of, or pledge, mortgage, hypothecate or otherwise
encumber (by security interest, lien (statutory or otherwise), preference, priority or other security agreement or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever or otherwise) (or permit such to occur or suffer such to exist), any part of
the Collateral, except as expressly permitted by the Transaction Documents; 

(2) claim any credit on, or make any
deduction from, the principal or interest payable or amounts distributable in respect of the Loans (other than amounts withheld in accordance with the Code or any other applicable law) or assert any claim against any present or future Lender by
reason of the payment of any taxes levied or assessed upon any part of the Collateral (other than taxes levied or assessed in respect of amounts required to be deducted or withheld from the principal or interest payable in respect of the
Obligations); 

(3) (A) incur or assume or guarantee any indebtedness or any contingent obligations, other than the
Obligations and the other agreements and transactions expressly contemplated hereby and thereby or (B) issue any additional securities (other than the issuance of its equity on the Closing Date), it being understood that receipt of additional
capital contributions by the Borrower from the Equity Holder (without issuance of additional securities or interests in the Borrower) is not prohibited by this clause (B); 

84 

(4) (A) permit the validity or effectiveness of the Collateral
Documents or any other Transaction Document or any Grant thereunder to be impaired, or permit the liens under the Transaction Documents to be amended, hypothecated, subordinated, terminated or discharged, or permit any Person to be released from any
covenants or obligations with respect to the Transaction Document, except as may be expressly permitted hereby, (B) permit any lien, charge, adverse claim, security interest, mortgage or other encumbrance (including any preference, priority or
other security agreement or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever or otherwise, other than the liens under any the Transaction Documents) to be created on or extend to or otherwise arise upon or burden the Collateral or any part
thereof, any interest therein or the Proceeds thereof (except for Permitted Liens), or (C) take any action that would cause the liens under the Transaction Documents not to constitute a valid perfected security interest in the Collateral that
is of first priority, free of any adverse claim or the legal equivalent thereof, as applicable, except as may be expressly permitted hereby (including , Permitted Liens or in connection with a disposition of Collateral required hereby); 

(5) make or incur any capital expenditures, except as reasonably required to perform its functions in accordance with
the terms of the Transaction Documents; 

(6) become liable in any way, whether directly or by assignment or as a
guarantor or other surety, for the obligations of the lessee under any lease (other than in accordance with the Transaction Documents); 

(7) enter into any transaction with any Affiliate other than (A) the Transaction Documents and
(B) transactions on terms that are no less favorable than those obtainable in an arms length transaction with a wholly unaffiliated Person and on terms that are fair and equitable to the Borrower under all the facts or circumstances under
applicable law; 

(8) maintain any bank accounts or securities accounts other than the Transaction Accounts; 

(9) change its name without (A) receiving the prior written consent of Administrative Agent, (B) delivering to
the Collateral Agent and Administrative Agent notice thereof and (C) receiving an Opinion of Counsel that such name change will not adversely affect the Collateral Agents lien or the interest under the Collateral Documents of the Secured
Parties or the Collateral Agent; 

(10) fail to pay any tax, assessment, charge or fee with respect to the
Collateral, or fail to defend any action, if such failure to pay or defend will adversely affect the priority or enforceability of the lien over the Collateral created by the Transaction Documents; 

(11) other than the Transaction Documents and agreements involving Acquisitions and sales relating to the Collateral
Portfolio having customary purchase and sale terms, enter into any agreement or contract with any Person unless such contract or agreement contains limited recourse and non-petition provisions, (x) which limited recourse
provisions provide that the obligations of the Borrower Entities are limited recourse obligations, payable solely from the Collateral in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and (y) which non-petition
provisions provide that, prior to the date that is one year and one day after all Obligations have been paid in full (or, if longer, the applicable preference period under applicable 

85 

insolvency law), such Person shall not take any action or institute any proceeding against
any Borrower Entity under any insolvency law applicable to it or which would be reasonably likely to cause it to be subject to, or seek protection of, any such insolvency law; provided that such Person shall be permitted to become a party to
and to participate in any Proceeding or action under any such insolvency law that is initiated by any other Person other than one of its Affiliates; 

(12) amend any Transaction Document without the prior written consent of the Requisite Lenders; 

(13) amend any limited recourse or non-petition provisions of any agreement; 

(14) acquire any assets or take any action that would require it to register as an investment company under
the Investment Company Act; 

(15) enter into any transaction other than on arms length terms and at market
rates other than as expressly permitted pursuant to this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents; 

(16) have
any Subsidiaries, other than wholly owned Subsidiaries that are (x) other Borrower Entities and (y) Permitted Additional Subsidiaries; 

(17) engage in any transaction with any Person that would constitute a conflict of interest (provided that its
entering into and performance of its obligations under the Transaction Documents shall not be deemed to be a transaction that would constitute a conflict of interest); or 

(18) pay distributions on its equity interests other than in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and its
Constitutive Documents. 

(b) No Borrower Entity nor the Investment Manager on their behalf shall sell, transfer, exchange or
otherwise dispose of Collateral, or enter into or engage in any business with respect to any part of the Collateral except as expressly permitted or required by the Transaction Documents. 

5.8. No Consolidation. 

No Borrower Entity shall consolidate or merge with or into any other Person or, other than the security interest Granted to the Collateral
Agent pursuant to the Transaction Documents, convey or transfer its properties and assets substantially as an entirety to any Person. 

5.9. No Other Business; Etc. 

The Borrower shall not engage in any business or activity other than borrowing the Loans pursuant to this Agreement and Acquiring, owning,
holding, selling, pledging, contracting for the management of and otherwise dealing with Collateral Obligations and other Collateral in connection therewith and such other activities which are necessary, required or advisable to accomplish the
foregoing; provided that the Borrower shall be permitted to enter into any additional agreements expressly permitted by this Agreement. No other Borrower Entity shall engage in any business or activity other than holding Collateral
Obligations, pledging such Collateral Obligations under the Collateral Documents and entering into, performing its obligations under, the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and other documents and agreements contemplated thereby and/or
incidental thereto. No Borrower Entity shall amend, or permit the amendment of, its Constitutive Documents without prior written consent of the Requisite Lenders. 

86 

5.10. Compliance with Investment Management Agreement. 

The Borrower agrees to perform all actions required to be performed by it, and to refrain from performing any actions prohibited under, the
Investment Management Agreement. The Borrower also agrees to take all actions as may be necessary to ensure that all of the Borrowers representations and warranties made pursuant to the Investment Management Agreement are true and correct as
of the date thereof and continue to be true and correct for so long as any Loans are outstanding. The Borrower further agrees not to authorize or otherwise to permit the Investment Manager to act in contravention of the representations, warranties
and agreements of the Investment Manager under the Investment Management Agreement. Neither the Borrower nor the Investment Manager shall terminate the Investment Management Agreement or select a replacement investment manager, in each case without
the prior consent of the Administrative Agent (which consent may not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), provided that the Investment Manager may resign its role as Investment Manager in accordance with the terms and conditions
expressly set forth in the Investment Management Agreement. 

5.11. Certain Tax Matters. 

(a) Each Borrower Entity will pay all Taxes imposed upon it or any of its properties or assets or in respect of any of its income before
any penalty or fine accrues thereon, and all claims for sums that have become due and payable and that by law have or may become a Lien upon any of its properties or assets, prior to the time when any penalty or fine shall be incurred with respect
thereto unless the same are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings which stay the enforcement of such Lien and for which adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP are being maintained by such Borrower Entity. 

(b) The Borrower will be treated as of the date of its formation as, and for so long as any amounts remain outstanding hereunder will
remain, a disregarded entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes and will not take any action nor recognize any transfer of interests in the Borrower that would cause the Borrower to become treated other than as a disregarded entity, the Borrower
intends that the income from the Borrowers assets will be treated as income of its sole owner for United States federal income tax purposes and it will not take any action inconsistent with such intention, and the Borrower will procure that
its sole owner complies with any United States federal withholding tax obligations imposed on it. 

5.12. Certain Regulations.

Each of the Borrower Entities and the Investment Manager understands that Executive Orders issued by the President of the United
States of America, Federal regulations administered by OFAC and other federal laws prohibit, among other things, U.S. persons or persons under jurisdiction of the United States from engaging in certain transactions with, the provision of certain
services to, and making certain investments in, certain foreign countries, territories, entities and individuals, and that the lists of prohibited countries, territories, entities and individuals can be found on, among other places, the OFAC website
at www.treas.gov/ofac. Accordingly, each of the Borrower Entities and the Investment Manager covenant that it has, and
each of the Borrower Entities and the Investment Manager represents that it has, policies and procedures designed to comply with the prohibitions and restrictions mandated by OFAC and all other sanctions laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in
which the Investment Manager operates. None of the Borrower Entities, any of their Affiliates, the Investment Manager, any of its Subsidiaries or, to the best of the Investment Managers knowledge, any of their respective owners, directors or
officers over which the Investment Manager has control is, or is acting on behalf of, a country, territory, entity or individual named on such lists; and none of the Borrower Entities, any of their Affiliates, the Investment Manager, any of its
Subsidiaries or, to the best of the Investment Managers knowledge, owners, directors or officers over which the Investment Manager has control is a natural person or entity with whom dealings with U.S. persons or persons under the jurisdiction
of the United States are prohibited under any OFAC regulation or other applicable federal law or acting on behalf of such a person or entity. To the best of the Investment Managers knowledge, no Borrower Entity owns, and the Investment

87 

Manager will not knowingly cause any Borrower Entity to own or Acquire, any security issued by, or interest
in, any country, territory, or entity whose direct ownership by U.S. persons or persons under the jurisdiction of the U.S. would be or is prohibited under any OFAC regulation or other applicable federal law. 

5.13. Transaction Data Room 

The Borrower shall at all times maintain a Transaction Data Room, and shall cause to be maintained therein electronic copies of all documents
and other information required by this Agreement and other Transaction Documents to be maintained therein. 

5.14. Financial and
Other Information; Notices. 

(a)Specified Information. The Borrower shall deliver the documents and information
detailed in Schedule A (the Specified Information) to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders on or prior to the date required pursuant to Schedule A. 

(b)Notice of Default. Promptly upon any Borrower Entity obtaining knowledge (1) of any condition or event that
constitutes a Default or an Event of Default or that notice has been given to a Borrower Entity with respect thereto; or (2) of the occurrence of any event or change that has caused or evidences, either in any case or in the aggregate, a
Material Adverse Effect, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders a certificate of an Authorized Officer specifying the nature and period of existence of such condition, event or change, or specifying the notice given
and action taken by any such Person and the nature of such claimed Default, Event of Default, default, event or condition, and what action the Borrower Entities have taken, are taking and propose to take with respect thereto. 

(c)Notice of Litigation. Promptly upon any Borrower Entity obtaining knowledge of (1) any Adverse Proceeding not
previously disclosed in writing by the Borrower to Lenders, or (2) any material development in any such Adverse Proceeding that, in the case of either clause (1) or (2), if adversely determined could be reasonably expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect, or seeks to enjoin or otherwise prevent the consummation of, or to recover any damages or obtain relief as a result of, the transactions contemplated hereby, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent and the
Lenders written notice thereof together with such other information as may be reasonably available to the Borrower Entities to enable Lenders and their counsel to evaluate such matters. 

(d)Notice of Value Adjustment Events. Promptly upon any Borrower Entity obtaining knowledge of the occurrence of any
Value Adjustment Event, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent written notice thereof. 

5.15. Inspections, Etc.

(a) Each Credit Party will permit any authorized representatives designated by the Administrative Agent or any Lender to
(1) visit and inspect any of the properties of any Credit Party to inspect, copy and take extracts from its financial and accounting records, and to discuss its affairs, finances and accounts with its officers and independent public accountants
and (2) to inspect the Collateral Obligations and related Underlying Instruments selected by the Administrative Agent or the Requisite Lenders in their sole and absolute discretion and, in connection therewith, to investigate any or all of the
following (the Specified Matters) with respect to any Collateral Obligation: (i) all matters relating to the title of Borrower Entities with respect to such Collateral Obligations; (ii) the perfection of the Collateral
Agents security interest in the Collateral under the Collateral Documents; and (iii) the existence of any litigation or other similar proceeding relating to the Collateral Obligations to which a Credit Party is a party, either as
plaintiff or defendant, all upon reasonable notice and at such reasonable times during normal business hours and subject to applicable law and the rights of the relevant Credit Party under the applicable Underlying Instruments; provided that,
in the absence of an Event of Default, (x) the Credit Parties shall not be required to reimburse the Administrative Agent and Lenders for more than one inspection in any period of twelve consecutive fiscal months and (y) there shall be no
more than one inspection in any period of twelve consecutive fiscal months. 

88 

(b) Each Credit Party will, upon the request of the Requisite Lenders, participate in
a meeting of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders: 

(1) once during each calendar year, to be held at the
Investment Managers corporate offices (or at such other location as may be requested by the Administrative Agent or the Requisite Lenders that is reasonably acceptable to the Borrower) at such time as may be agreed to by the Borrower, the
Administrative Agent and the Requisite Lenders; and 

(2) if an Event of Default has occurred and is then continuing,
at such other times as may be reasonably requested by any Lender, to be held at the Investment Managers corporate offices (or at such other location as may be requested by such Lender that is reasonably acceptable to the Borrower). 

(c) Each inspection, investigation, visitation or other meeting referred to in clause (b) above shall be at the Lenders own
cost and expense; provided that, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, then each such inspection, investigation, visitation or other meeting will be at the expense of the Borrower. 

SECTION 6. ACCOUNTS; ACCOUNTINGS AND RELEASES. 

6.1. Collection of Money. 

Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, the Collateral Agent may demand payment or delivery of, and shall receive and collect, directly
and without intervention or assistance of any fiscal agent or other intermediary, all money and other property payable to or receivable by the Collateral Agent pursuant to this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, including all payments
due on the Collateral, in accordance with the terms and conditions of such Collateral. The Collateral Agent shall segregate and hold all such money and property received by it in the Transaction Accounts in trust for the Secured Parties and shall
apply it as provided in this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. 

The accounts established by the Collateral Agent pursuant to
this Agreement may include any number of sub accounts deemed necessary by the Collateral Agent or requested by the Investment Manager for convenience in administering the Transaction Accounts and the Collateral Obligations (including, for the
avoidance of doubt, separate subaccounts for each Specified Currency). 

Each Transaction Account shall be established and maintained
(a) with a federal or state-chartered depository institution with a short-term rating of at least A-1 by S&P (or a long-term rating of at least A+ by S&P if such institution has no short-term rating) and if such
institutions short-term rating falls below A-1 by S&P (or its long-term rating falls below A+ by S&P if such institution has no short-term rating), the assets held in such Transaction Account shall be
transferred within 60 calendar days to another institution that has a short-term rating of at least A-1 by S&P (or which has a long-term rating of at least A+ by S&P if such institution has no short-term rating) or
(b) with respect to securities accounts, in segregated trust accounts with the corporate trust department of a federal or state-chartered deposit institution subject to regulations regarding fiduciary funds on deposit similar to Title 12 of the
Code of Federal Regulation Section 9.10(b). Such institution shall have a combined capital and surplus of at least U.S.$200,000,000. 

The Accounts Securities Intermediary may employ, as subcustodians for any Pledged Obligations (and Interest Proceeds and Principal Proceeds
thereon) denominated in a Specified Currency other than USD (if applicable), subcustodians and other securities depositories, clearing agencies and clearing systems (each, an Intermediary and, collectively,
Intermediaries). The Accounts Securities 

89 

Intermediary shall identify on its books as belonging to the applicable Borrower Entity (subject to the lien
of State Street Bank And Trust Company, as Collateral Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties) any of the Pledged Obligations of such Borrower Entity held by an Intermediary. The Accounts Securities Intermediary may hold any such Pledged Obligations
(and related Interest Proceeds and Principal Proceeds) with one or more Intermediaries in each case in a single account with such Intermediary that is identified as belonging to the Accounts Securities Intermediary for the benefit of its customers;
provided that the records of the Accounts Securities Intermediary with respect to any such Pledged Obligations and related Interest Proceeds and Principal Proceeds which are property of a Borrower Entity maintained in such account shall
identify by book-entry those Pledged Obligations and proceeds thereof as belonging to such Borrower Entity. 

All investment or application
of funds in accordance with Section 6.2 or 6.3 shall be made pursuant to a Borrower Order (which may be in the form of standing instructions) executed by an Authorized Officer of the Investment Manager. The Borrower shall at all times direct
the Collateral Agent or the Accounts Securities Intermediary, as applicable to, and, upon receipt of such Borrower Order, the Collateral Agent or the Accounts Securities Intermediary shall, invest or cause the investment of, pending application in
accordance with Section 6.2 or 6.3, all funds received into the Transaction Accounts (other than the Payment Account and the Collateral Account) during a Due Period (except when such funds shall be required to be disbursed hereunder), and
amounts received in prior Due Periods and retained in any Transaction Account, as so directed, in Eligible Investments. If, prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Borrower shall not have given any such investment directions, the
Collateral Agent shall seek instructions from the Borrower within three Business Days after transfer of such funds to the applicable Transaction Account. If the Collateral Agent does not thereupon receive written instructions from the Borrower
within five Business Days after transfer of such funds to such Transaction Account, it shall invest and reinvest the funds held in such Transaction Account, as fully as practicable, but only in one or more Eligible Investments maturing (as selected
by the Investment Manager in a writing delivered to the Collateral Agent) no later than the third Business Day prior to the next Payment Date unless such Eligible Investments are issued by the Bank, in which event such Eligible Investments may
mature up to the Business Day preceding such Payment Date. After the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Collateral Agent shall invest and reinvest, or cause the investment or reinvestment of, such monies as fully as
practicable in Eligible Investments (as selected by the Investment Manager in a writing delivered to the Collateral Agent) maturing not later than the earlier of (1) 30 days after the date of such investment or (2) the third Business Day prior
to the next Payment Date unless such Eligible Investments are issued by the Bank, in which event such Eligible Investments may mature on the Payment Date. All interest and other income from such Eligible Investments shall be deposited into the
applicable Transaction Accounts and transferred to the Interest Collection Account, and any gain realized from such investments shall be credited to the Interest Collection Account, and any loss resulting from such investments shall be charged to
the Interest Collection Account. In the absence of any direction (including a standing direction) from the Investment Manager the Collateral Agent shall hold uninvested any amounts held as USD and on deposit in any Transaction Account. Except as
otherwise provided herein, the Collateral Agent shall not in any way be held liable by reason of any insufficiency of funds in any Transaction Account resulting from any loss relating to any such investment; and the Collateral Agent shall not be
under any obligation to invest any funds held hereunder except as otherwise expressly set forth herein. 

If any amounts received by any
Borrower Entity (other than the Borrower) are to be included as Interest Proceeds or Principal Proceeds for distribution on a Payment Date or other application by the Collateral Agent permitted by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents,
the Borrower shall cause such other Borrower Entities to remit to the Collateral Agent on the Borrowers behalf any such Interest Proceeds or Principal Proceeds received by such entity, which remittance shall, for amounts intended to be
distributed on a Payment Date, occur not later than the Business Day immediately succeeding the end of the related Due Period (or, to the extent that any such amounts are intended for any other application under this Agreement and the other
Transaction Documents, such remittance shall occur sufficiently in advance of such anticipated application as may be reasonably necessary). For the avoidance of doubt, any such amounts received by such other Borrower Entities on or prior to the
Determination Date shall be treated as having been received during the related Due Period, 

90 

notwithstanding the remittance to the Collateral Agent as instructed by and in consultation with the Investment Manager of such amounts occurs following such Determination Date as described
above. The Collateral Agent shall not have any liability for any failure to remit Interest Proceeds or Principal Proceeds on a Payment Date (or otherwise apply any such amounts in accordance with this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents)
due to a failure or delay on the part of any such other Borrower Entity to timely remit such amounts to the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Borrower. 

If the Borrower receives Cash denominated in currency that is not a Specified Currency (regardless of source), the Collateral Agent, when and
as directed by the Borrower (or the Investment Manager on its behalf), shall convert such amounts into USD at the prevailing spot rate of exchange at the time of such conversion. The Borrower Entities shall bear all risks of investing in Pledged
Obligations denominated in a foreign currency. It is understood and agreed that any foreign exchange transaction effected by the Collateral Agent may be entered with the Bank or its affiliates acting as principal or otherwise through customary
banking channels. The Collateral Agent shall be entitled at all times to comply with any legal or regulatory requirements applicable to currency or foreign exchange transactions. The Borrower acknowledges that the Collateral Agent or any affiliates
of the Collateral Agent involved in any such foreign exchange transactions may make a margin or banking income from foreign exchange transactions entered into pursuant to this section for which they shall not be required to account to the Borrower
or any of its Affiliates. 

The Collateral Agent shall have no liability for any losses included in or resulting from the rates obtained in
any such exchange transaction in the absence of its own gross negligence, willful misconduct, fraud or bad faith. 

The Collateral Agent,
within one Business Day after becoming aware of the receipt of any Distribution or other Proceeds that is not Cash, shall so notify the Investment Manager on behalf of the Borrower and the Borrower shall, within 10 Business Days of receipt of such
notice from the Collateral Agent, sell such Distributions or other Proceeds for Cash in an arms length transaction and deposit the Proceeds thereof in the Interest Collection Account or Principal Collection Account, as relevant, for investment
pursuant to Section 6.2; provided that the Borrower need not sell such Distributions or other Proceeds if it delivers an Officers Certificate to the Collateral Agent certifying that such Distributions or other Proceeds constitute
Collateral Obligations or Eligible Investments and that all steps necessary to cause the Collateral Agent to have a perfected lien therein that is of first priority, free of any adverse claim or the legal equivalent thereof (subject to Permitted
Liens), as applicable, have been taken. 

The Collateral Agent shall give the Borrower and the Administrative Agent notice as soon as
practicable under the circumstances if it becomes aware that any Transaction Account or any funds on deposit therein, or otherwise to the credit of any Transaction Account, shall become subject to any writ, order, judgment, warrant of attachment,
execution or similar process. The Borrower Entities shall not have any legal, equitable or beneficial interest in any Transaction Account other than in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and the Securities Account Control Agreement. At
all times, all Transaction Accounts shall remain at an institution that satisfies the requirements of Section 6.1. 

6.2.
Collection Accounts. 

(a) Interest Collection Account. The Borrower shall, on or prior to the Initial Credit Date,
establish at the Accounts Securities Intermediary a segregated trust account in the name Grouse Funding LLC, subject to the lien of State Street Bank And Trust Company, as Collateral Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties, which shall be
designated as the Interest Collection Account, which shall be held by the Accounts Securities Intermediary in accordance with the Securities Account Control Agreement into which the Borrower shall, from time to time, deposit all Interest Proceeds
except as otherwise provided in this Section 6. In addition, the Borrower may, but under no circumstances shall be required to, deposit or cause to be deposited from time to time such monies in the Interest Collection Account as it deems, in
its sole discretion, to be advisable. 

91 

To the extent that any Interest Proceeds are received in a Specified Currency other than
USD, the Collateral Agent will cause such Interest Proceeds to be deposited in the subaccount of the Interest Collection Account established for such currency (or in such other account as the Collateral Agent may have established to hold such
currency for purposes of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents). 

All monies deposited from time to time in the Interest
Collection Account pursuant to this Agreement shall be held in trust by the Collateral Agent as part of the Collateral and shall be applied to the purposes provided herein. 

Subject to Section 6.3(a), all property in the Interest Collection Account, together with any securities in which funds included in such
property are or will be invested or reinvested during the term of this Agreement, and any income or other gain realized from such investments, shall be held by the Accounts Securities Intermediary in the Interest Collection Account as part of the
Collateral subject to disbursement and withdrawal solely as provided in this Section 6.2 and Section 6.3(a). 

(b)
Principal Collection Account. The Borrower shall, prior to the Initial Credit Date, establish at the Accounts Securities Intermediary a segregated trust account in the name Grouse Funding LLC, subject to the lien of State Street
Bank And Trust Company, as Collateral Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties, which shall be designated as the Principal Collection Account, which shall be held by the Accounts Securities Intermediary in accordance with the Securities Account
Control Agreement. Any and all funds at any time on deposit in, or otherwise to the credit of, the Principal Collection Account shall be held in trust by the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties. 

The proceeds of all Loans made hereunder (unless expressly permitted to be otherwise applied in accordance with the terms and conditions of
this Agreement) and all Principal Proceeds shall be deposited into the Principal Collection Account. All such funds, together with any Eligible Investments made with such funds, shall be held by the Accounts Securities Intermediary in the Principal
Collection Account as part of the Collateral subject to disbursement and withdrawal solely as provided in this Section 6.2(b) and Section 6.3(a) below. Any income or other gain realized from Eligible Investments in the Principal Collection
Account shall be transferred to the Interest Collection Account and disbursed and withdrawn in accordance with Section 6.2. 

So long
as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing hereunder, upon the receipt of a Borrower Order, the Accounts Securities Intermediary shall reinvest funds on deposit in the Principal Collection Account in Collateral Obligations as
permitted under and in accordance with the requirements of Section 8 and such Borrower Order. 

To the extent that any Principal
Proceeds are received in a Specified Currency (if applicable), the Collateral Agent will cause such Principal Proceeds to be deposited in the subaccount of the Principal Collection Account established for such currency (or in such other account as
the Collateral Agent may have established to hold such currency for purposes of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents). Pursuant to a Borrower Order, the Investment Manager may from time to time direct the Collateral Agent to convert
any such non-USD amounts into USD and for the proceeds of such conversion to be deposited in the Principal Collection Account for application pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth herein, and at any time, if an Event of Default has occurred
and is continuing, the Collateral Agent may (at the direction of the Administrative Agent) convert any or all of such non-USD amounts into USD for application hereunder. 

6.3. Other Transaction Accounts. 

(a) Payment Account. The Borrower shall, on or prior to the Initial Credit Date, establish at the Accounts Securities
Intermediary a segregated trust account in the name Grouse Funding LLC, subject to the lien of State Street Bank And Trust Company, as Collateral Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties, which shall be designated as the Payment Account,
which shall be held by the 

92 

Accounts Securities Intermediary in accordance with the Securities Account Control Agreement. Any and all funds at any time on deposit in, or otherwise to the credit of, the Payment Account shall
be held in trust by the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties. 

To the extent that any amounts to be held in the Payment
Account are denominated in a Specified Currency other than USD, the Collateral Agent will cause such amounts to be deposited in the subaccount of the Payment Account established for such currency (or in such other account as the Collateral Agent may
have established to hold such currency for purposes of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents). 

Except as provided in the
Priority of Payments and in this Section 6.3, the only permitted withdrawal from or application of funds on deposit in, or otherwise to the credit of, the Payment Account shall be to pay the interest on and the principal of and other amounts
owing in respect of the Loans in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and, upon Borrower Order to pay Administrative Expenses (which Borrower Order shall be deemed to be provided for Administrative Expenses identified in the Monthly
Report) and other amounts specified in the Priority of Payments in accordance with the Priority of Payments and Section 12. 

The
Collateral Agent shall cause the transfer to the respective Payment Account, for application pursuant to the Priority of Payments, on the first Business Day preceding each Payment Date, or, if such funds are permitted to be available in the Interest
Collection Account or the Principal Collection Account, as the case may be, on the Business Day preceding each Payment Date pursuant to Section 6.1 of any amounts then held in Cash in (1) the Interest Collection Account and (2) the
Principal Collection Account (other than Cash that the Investment Manager is permitted to and elects to retain in such account for subsequent reinvestment in Collateral Obligations) and any Reinvestment Income on amounts in the Principal Collection
Account, other than Proceeds received after the end of the Due Period with respect to such Payment Date. 

(b)Expense
Reserve Account. The Borrower shall, on or prior to the Initial Credit Date, establish at the Accounts Securities Intermediary a segregated trust account in the name Grouse Funding LLC, subject to the lien of State Street Bank And Trust
Company, as Collateral Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties, which shall be designated as the Expense Reserve Account, which shall be held by the Accounts Securities Intermediary in accordance with the Securities Account Control Agreement,
into which the Borrower shall deposit the Expense Reserve Amount as required pursuant to Section 2.3. Any and all funds at any time on deposit in, or otherwise to the credit of, the Expense Reserve Account shall be held in trust by the
Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties. Pursuant to Borrower Order, the Collateral Agent may at any time withdraw funds deposited in the Expense Reserve Account to pay for any fees or expenses incurred by or on behalf of the
Borrower in connection with the structuring and consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby (the Reserved Expenses). Amounts in the Expense Reserve Account will be invested in overnight funds that are Eligible Investments
in accordance with the written instructions of the Investment Manager (which may be in the form of standing instructions). On the Business Day following the payment of the Reserved Expenses in full (which shall be on or around the Closing Date), the
Collateral Agent shall remit the balance on deposit in the Expense Reserve Account to the Principal Collection Account for application as Principal Proceeds and the Expense Reserve Account shall be terminated. 

(c)Margin Account. The Borrower shall, on or prior to the Initial Credit Date, establish at the Accounts Securities
Intermediary a segregated trust account in the name Grouse Funding LLC, subject to the lien of State Street Bank And Trust Company, as Collateral Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties, which shall be designated as the Margin Account,
which shall be held by the Accounts Securities Intermediary in accordance with the Securities Account Control Agreement, into which the Borrower shall deposit cash in U.S. dollars from time to time as required pursuant to the Margining Agreement.
Any and all funds at any time on deposit in, or otherwise to the credit of, the Margin Account shall be held in trust by the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties. The only withdrawals from the Margin Account shall be (1) if
at any time any Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, for application under the Enforcement Priority of Payments at the direction of the Requisite 

93 

Lenders and (2) if no Default or Event of Default or Collateral Deficit has occurred or would result therefrom, for transfer to the Principal Collection Account or remittance to the Equity
Holder as provided in the Margining Agreement. On the Business Day prior to the Maturity Date, the Collateral Agent shall remit the balance on deposit in the Margin Account to the Principal Collection Account for application as Principal Proceeds.

(d)The Unfunded Reserve Account. The Borrower shall, on or prior to the Initial Credit Date, establish at the
Accounts Securities Intermediary a segregated trust account in the name Grouse Funding LLC, subject to the lien of State Street Bank And Trust Company, as Collateral Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties, which shall be designated as
the Unfunded Reserve Account, which shall be held by the Accounts Securities Intermediary in accordance with the Securities Account Control Agreement. Amounts in the Unfunded Reserve Account will be invested in overnight funds that are Eligible
Investments in accordance with the written instructions of the Investment Manager (which may be in the form of standing instructions). 

On
the date of Acquisition of any Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation, and on any Payment Date, the Investment Manager shall instruct the Collateral Agent to withdraw funds from the Principal Collection Account for deposit into the Unfunded Reserve
Account, to the extent required so that the amount of funds on deposit in the Unfunded Reserve Account is equal to the Unfunded Reserve Required Amount. During the Reinvestment Period, fundings of Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligations shall be
made using, first, amounts on deposit in the Unfunded Reserve Account (in an amount equal to the amount on deposit therein with respect to such Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation), then available Principal Proceeds and finally, with the consent
of the Administrative Agent if the date of such funding is more than six months after the Acquisition of such Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation, borrowing of Loans under Section 2. 

Amounts on deposit in the Unfunded Reserve Account will be available solely to cover drawdowns on Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligations;
provided that, to the extent that the aggregate amount of funds on deposit therein at any time exceeds the Unfunded Reserve Required Amount, the Borrower or the Investment Manager on behalf of the Borrower shall direct the Collateral Agent to
remit such excess to the Principal Collection Account. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, if, on the last day of the
Reinvestment Period, the amount on deposit in the Unfunded Reserve Account is less than the Unfunded Exposure Amount (such amount, the Unfunded Reserve Account Shortfall), the Borrower shall be deemed to have been given a Loan in
an amount equal to the Unfunded Reserve Account Shortfall, the proceeds of which shall be deposited in the Unfunded Reserve Account and the terms and conditions of which shall be identical to the terms and conditions of the Loans made pursuant to
Section 2. 

(e)Collateral Account. The Borrower shall, on or prior to the Initial Credit Date, establish at the
Accounts Securities Intermediary a segregated trust account in the name Grouse Funding LLC, subject to the lien of State Street Bank And Trust Company, as Collateral Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties, which shall be designated as
the Collateral Account, which shall be held by the Accounts Securities Intermediary in accordance with the Securities Account Control Agreement into which the Borrower shall from time to time deposit Collateral. All Collateral deposited from time to
time in the Collateral Account pursuant to this Agreement shall be held in trust by the Collateral Agent as part of the Collateral and shall be applied to the purposes provided herein. Funds in the Collateral Account will remain uninvested. 

6.4. Reports by Collateral Agent. 

The Collateral Agent shall make available in a timely fashion to the Borrower and the Investment Manager any information regularly maintained
by the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator that the Borrower or the Investment Manager may from time to time reasonably request with respect to the Pledged Obligations or the Transaction Accounts reasonably needed to complete the Daily

94 

Report, Monthly Report or any Additional Report or to provide any other information reasonably available to the Collateral Agent by reason of its acting as Collateral Agent hereunder and required
to be provided by Section 6.5 or to permit the Investment Manager to perform its obligations under the Investment Management Agreement. The Collateral Agent or the Collateral Administrator shall, in a timely fashion, forward to the Investment
Manager copies of notices and other writings received by it, in its capacity as Collateral Agent or the Collateral Administrator, as applicable, hereunder, from the obligor or other Person with respect to any Collateral Obligation or from any
Clearing Agency with respect to any Collateral Obligation advising the holders of such obligation of any rights that the holders might have with respect thereto (including notices of calls and redemptions thereof) as well as all periodic financial
reports received from such obligor or other Person with respect to such obligation and Clearing Agencies with respect to such obligor. The Borrower and the Investment Manager shall likewise cooperate by providing in a timely fashion to the
Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator such information in such partys possession as maintained or reasonably available to it hereunder in respect of the Pledged Obligations or otherwise reasonably necessary to permit the Collateral
Agent or the Collateral Administrator, as applicable, to perform its duties hereunder and, with respect to the Collateral Administrator, under the Collateral Administration Agreement. 

Commencing two Business Days after the Closing Date, the Collateral Agent shall prepare and deliver to the Administrative Agent on each
Business Day a trade reconciliation statement (as of the close of business on the prior Business Day) setting forth the information specified in Section 6.5, including a list of each Commitment by a Borrower Entity to Acquire or Dispose of any
Collateral Obligation that has not yet settled, including for each such Commitment the identity of the seller or purchaser of such Collateral Obligation, the date of the related trade ticket, the expected settlement date and such other information
relating thereto as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request. 

Nothing in this Section 6.4 shall be construed to impose upon
the Collateral Agent any duty to prepare any report or statement required under Section 6.5 or to calculate or compute information required to be set forth in any such report or statement other than to provide information regularly maintained
by the Collateral Agent by reason of its acting as Collateral Agent hereunder. 

6.5. Accountings. 

(a) Daily. On each Business Day, commencing on the fifth Business Day following the Initial Credit Date (including each day on
which a Monthly Report is delivered), the Borrower shall compile, or cause to be compiled, a report (the Daily Report) and then provide or make available such Daily Report by electronic mail to the Collateral Agent, the Collateral
Administrator, the Investment Manager, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, provided that a Daily Report may be provided to any such party by posting such Daily Report on the Collateral Agents website and providing access thereto
to such parties. Each Daily Report shall contain the following information and instructions with respect to the Collateral, determined (or identified by the Borrower to the Collateral Administrator) as of the close of business on the immediately
preceding Business Day: 

(i) the Aggregate Principal Amount of the Collateral Obligations and the Eligible
Investments then owned by the Borrower Entities; 

(ii) for each Collateral Obligation and Eligible Investment then
owned by the Borrower Entities: 

(1) the owner of such Collateral Obligation or Eligible Investment; and 

(2) the Principal Balance; currency; the annual interest rate (including the basis for such rate); maturity date
(including the later date if such maturity date is extended); issuer; where such issuer is organized; and the CUSIP, LIN or other security identifier, if any, thereof; 

95 

(iii) a list of each Collateral Obligation that each Borrower Entity
has Committed to Acquire but for which the related settlement has not yet occurred (and, for each, the purchase price to be payable by such Borrower Entity for such Collateral Obligation); 

(iv) a list of each Collateral Obligation that each Borrower Entity has Committed to sell but for which the related
settlement has not yet occurred (and, for each, the purchase price to be received by such Borrower Entity for such Collateral Obligation); 

(v) the Balance on deposit in each Transaction Account; and 

(vi) such other information as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request regarding the Collateral. 

(b) Monthly. Commencing in September 2022, one Business Day prior to each Payment Date, the Borrower shall compile, or cause to
be compiled, a report (the Monthly Report) and the Borrower shall then provide or make available such Monthly Report to the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator, the Investment Manager, the Administrative Agent and each
Lender, provided that a Monthly Report may be provided to any such party by posting such Monthly Report on the Collateral Agents website and providing access thereto to such parties. The Monthly Report shall contain the following
information and instructions with respect to the Collateral, determined (or identified by the Borrower to the Collateral Administrator) as of the Determination Date for the related Payment Date: 

With respect to the Collateral Portfolio: 

(i) the Aggregate Principal Amount of the Collateral Obligations and the Eligible Investments; 

(ii) the Principal Balance, currency, annual interest rate (including the basis for such rate), maturity date (including
the later date if such maturity date is extended), issuer of each Collateral Obligation and Eligible Investment and where the issuer of each Collateral Obligation and Eligible Investment is organized, as the case may be; the CUSIP, LIN or any other
security identifier, if any, of each Collateral Obligation and Eligible Investment, as the case may be; 

(iii) an
indication as to the classification of such Collateral Obligation (i.e., first lien, etc.); and whether such Collateral Obligation has been designated as a Private Asset or a Non-Private Asset pursuant to the terms of this
Agreement; 

(iv) the owner of such Collateral Obligation; 

(v) the nature, source and amount of any Proceeds in each of the Transaction Accounts including the Interest Proceeds and
Principal Proceeds (stating separately the amount of Sale Proceeds), received since the date of determination of the last Monthly Report; 

(vi) the number, identity and, if applicable, principal amount of any Collateral that was released for sale or other
disposition (specifying the category of permitted sales under which it falls and whether such Collateral Obligation or other property is subject to a Value Adjustment Event or is an Ineligible Asset) and the number, identity and, if applicable, par
value of Collateral Acquired by the Borrower Entities since the date of determination of the last Monthly Report (or, in the case of the first Monthly Report, since the Initial Credit Date); 

(vii) (a) the identity of each Collateral Obligation as to which a Value Adjustment Event has occurred since the date of
determination of the last Monthly Report (or, in the case of the first Monthly Report, since the Initial Credit Date) and the date on which such Value Adjustment Event occurred, (b) the identity of each Collateral Obligation as to which a Value
Adjustment Event has occurred as of the date of determination of the current Monthly Report (or, 

96 

in the case of the first Monthly Report, as of the Initial Credit Date), the date on which such Value Adjustment Event occurred and the Market Value of such Collateral Obligation as of the date
of determination of the current Monthly Report and (c) the Aggregate Principal Amount of all such Collateral Obligations; 

(viii) the Acquisition or sale price of each item of Collateral Acquired by each Borrower Entity, in each case since the
date of determination of the last Monthly Report (or, in the case of the first Monthly Report, since the Initial Credit Date) and the identity of the purchasers or sellers thereof, if any, which are Affiliated with the Borrower or the Investment
Manager; 

(ix) (A) the identity and Principal Balance of each Collateral Obligation that was upgraded or downgraded
since the most recent Monthly Report (or, in the case of the first Monthly Report, since the Initial Credit Date) and (B) the Aggregate Principal Amount of Collateral Obligations that were (1) upgraded and (2) downgraded, respectively
since the most recent Monthly Report (or, in the case of the first Monthly Report, since the Initial Credit Date); 

(x) for each Collateral Obligation in the Collateral Portfolio, a calculation of each Financial Ratio as of such date of
determination and for each prior Financial Ratio Test Period, all in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent; and 

(xi) such other information as the Collateral Agent, Investment Manager, the Administrative Agent or the Requisite
Lenders may reasonably request regarding the Loans and the Collateral therefor. 

With respect to the payments to be made
on such Payment Date: 

(i) the Aggregate Principal Amount of the Collateral Obligations as of the close of business
on such Determination Date, after giving effect to (A) Proceeds received on the Collateral Obligations with respect to the related Due Period and the reinvestment of such Proceeds in substitute Collateral Obligations or Eligible Investments
during such Due Period and (B) the release of any Collateral Obligations during such Due Period; 

(ii) the
aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Loans, as an aggregate Dollar figure and as a percentage of the original aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Loans at the beginning of the Due Period), the amount of principal payments to be
made on the Loans on the next Payment Date, the amount of any overdue interest and the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Loans as a Dollar figure and as a percentage of the original aggregate outstanding principal balance, in each case
after giving effect to the principal payments, if any, for such Payment Date; 

(iii) the amount of Accrued Interest
payable to the Lenders for such Payment Date (and the components thereof under Section 2.5), the amount of the BSL Rebate Amount for such Payment Date, and the amount of Interest Proceeds and Principal Proceeds payable to the Equity Holder (in
each case determined as of the related Determination Date); 

(iv) the amount of Principal Proceeds to be applied
pursuant to clause (1) of the Principal Priority of Payments (in each case determined as of the related Determination Date); 

(v) the Administrative Expenses payable for such Payment Date on an itemized basis (determined as of the related
Determination Date); 

97 

(vi) for the Interest Collection Account: 

(1) the Balance on deposit in the Interest Collection Account at the end of the related Due Period, in each Specified
Currency; 

(2) the amounts payable from the Interest Collection Account (through a transfer to the Payment Account)
pursuant to subclauses (1) through (9) of the Interest Priority of Payments and subclauses (1) through (6) of the Principal Priority of Payments for such Payment Date, in each case in each Specified Currency; and 

(3) the Balance remaining in the Interest Collection Account immediately after all payments and deposits to be made on
such Payment Date (determined as of the related Determination Date); 

(vii) for the Principal Collection Account:

(1) the Balance on deposit in the Principal Collection Account at the end of the related Due Period, in each
Specified Currency; 

(2) the amounts, if any, payable from the Principal Collection Account (through a transfer to
the Payment Account) as Interest Proceeds pursuant to the Interest Priority of Payments and as Principal Proceeds pursuant to the Principal Priority of Payments for such Payment Date (in each case determined as of the related Determination Date), in
each Specified Currency; and 

(3) the Balance remaining in the Principal Collection Account immediately after all
payments and deposits to be made on such Payment Date (determined as of the related Determination Date), in each Specified Currency; 

(viii) the amount of unpaid interest, if any, with respect to any Loans (in each case determined as of the related
Determination Date), in each Specified Currency; 

(ix) the Principal Payments received during the related Due Period,
in each Specified Currency; 

(x) the Principal Proceeds received during the related Due Period, in each Specified
Currency; 

(xi) the Interest Proceeds received during the related Due Period, in each Specified Currency; 

(xii) the amounts payable pursuant to each subclause of the Interest Priority of Payments and the Principal Priority of
Payments on the related Payment Date in each Specified Currency (in each case determined as of the related Determination Date); and 

(xiii) such other information as the Collateral Agent, Investment Manager or the Administrative Agent may reasonably
request regarding the Loans and the Collateral therefor. 

Upon receipt of each Monthly Report, the Collateral Agent shall compare the information
contained therein to the information contained in its records with respect to the Collateral and shall, within three Business Days after receipt of such Monthly Report, notify the Borrower and the Investment Manager if the information contained in
the Monthly Report does not conform to the information maintained by the Collateral Agent in its records and detail any discrepancies. If any discrepancy exists, the Collateral Agent and the Borrower, or the Investment Manager on behalf of the
Borrower, shall attempt to resolve the discrepancy. If such discrepancy cannot be promptly resolved, the Borrower shall appoint, within five Business Days, an Independent accountant to review such Monthly Report and the Collateral Agents
records to determine the cause of such discrepancy. If such review reveals an error in the Monthly Report or the Collateral Agents records, the Monthly Report or the Collateral Agents records shall be revised accordingly and, as so
revised, shall be utilized in making all calculations pursuant to this Agreement. 

98 

(c)Payment Date Instructions. Each Monthly Report shall constitute
instructions to the Collateral Agent to withdraw on the related Payment Date from the Payment Account and pay or transfer the amounts set forth in such report in the manner specified, and in accordance with the priorities established, in the
Priority of Payments. 

(d)Monthly Report/Daily Report. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in
this Agreement, the Borrower may prepare (or cause to be prepared) a separate Daily Report for each of the Collateral Obligations and Eligible Investments owned by the Borrower and each other Borrower Entity, and any such reports provided for any
Business Day shall collectively constitute the Daily Report for such day. Except as otherwise expressly stated, information in such reports as to any asset shall be in the Specified Currency of such asset. 

(e)Distribution of Reports. The Collateral Agent will make the Monthly Report available via its internet website and via
SWIFT. The Collateral Agents internet website shall initially be located at www.mystatestreet.com.
Assistance in using the website can be obtained by contacting the Collateral Agents Corporate Trust Office. Parties that are unable to use the above distribution options are entitled to have a paper copy mailed to them via first class mail by
calling the customer service desk and indicating such. The Collateral Agent shall have the right to change the way such statements are distributed in order to make such distribution more convenient and/or more accessible to the above parties and the
Collateral Agent shall provide timely and adequate notification to all above parties regarding any such changes. As a condition to access to the Collateral Agents internet website, the Collateral Agent may require registration and the
acceptance of a disclaimer. The Collateral Agent shall be entitled to rely on but shall not be responsible for the content or accuracy of any information provided in the Monthly Report which the Collateral Agent disseminates in accordance with this
Agreement and may affix thereto any disclaimer it deems appropriate in its reasonable discretion. 

6.6. Additional
Reports. 

In addition to the information and reports specifically required to be provided pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, the
Borrower (at its expense), or the Investment Manager on behalf of the Borrower, shall compile and the Borrower shall then provide the Administrative Agent and the Lenders (upon request of the Requisite Lenders), with all information or reports
delivered to the Collateral Agent hereunder, and such additional information as the Administrative Agent or the Requisite Lenders may from time to time reasonably request and the Borrower shall reasonably determine may be obtained and provided
without unreasonable burden or expense (the Additional Reports). Such a request from a Lender (or its designee) may be submitted directly to the Collateral Agent and then such request shall be forwarded to the Borrower for
processing. 

6.7. Delivery of Pledged Obligations; Custody Documents; Etc. 

(a) The Collateral Agent shall credit all Collateral Obligations and Eligible Investments Acquired by the Borrower in accordance with
this Agreement and Cash to the relevant Transaction Account established and maintained pursuant to this Section 6, as to which in each case the Collateral Agent and the Borrower shall have entered into the Securities Account Control Agreement.

(b) Each time that the Borrower, or the Investment Manager on behalf of the Borrower, shall direct or cause the Acquisition of any
Collateral Obligation or Eligible Investment, the Borrower or the Investment Manager on behalf of the Borrower shall, if such Collateral Obligation or Eligible Investment has not already been transferred to the relevant Transaction Account, cause
such Collateral Obligation or Eligible Investment to be delivered. The security interest of the Collateral Agent in the funds or other property utilized in connection with such Acquisition shall, immediately and without further action on the part of
the Collateral Agent, thereupon be released. The security interest of the 

99 

Collateral Agent shall nevertheless come into existence and continue in such Collateral Obligation or Eligible Investment so Acquired, including all rights of the Borrower in and to any contracts
related to and proceeds of such Collateral Obligation or Eligible Investment. 

(c) Without limiting the foregoing, the Borrower, or
the Investment Manager on behalf of the Borrower, will use its commercially reasonable efforts to direct the Accounts Securities Intermediary to take such different or additional action as may be necessary in order to maintain the perfection or
priority of the security interest in the event of any change in applicable law or regulation, including Articles 8 and 9 of the UCC. 

(d) In addition to the steps specified in subclauses (b) and (c) above, the Borrower or the Investment Manager (at the sole cost
and expense of the Borrower) on behalf of the Borrower will use commercially reasonable efforts to take all actions necessary or advisable under the laws of the applicable jurisdiction of organization of the Borrower to protect the security interest
of the Collateral Agent. 

(e) For each Collateral Obligation owned by a Borrower Entity on the Initial Credit Date, such Borrower
Entity shall: 

(1) [Reserved]. 

(2) direct all the obligors and agents, as applicable, on all Collateral Obligations to make all payments under the
relevant Underlying Instruments in respect of such Collateral Obligations directly to the applicable Transaction Accounts; 

(3) deliver copies of a Document Checklist for such Collateral Obligation, all related Underlying Instruments and other
related Custody Documents to the Collateral Custodian on behalf of the Secured Parties; provided that: 

(i)
(x) with respect to Collateral Obligations other than Originated Collateral Obligations, items referenced in clause (a) of the definition of Underlying Instruments shall be delivered on the Initial Credit Date and
(y) with respect to Originated Collateral Obligations, items in clause (a) of the definition of Underlying Instruments shall be delivered within five Business Days of the Initial Credit Date; 

(ii) items referenced in clause (b) of the definition of Underlying Instruments shall be delivered
promptly upon receipt by the Investment Manager; and 

(iii) items referenced in clause (c) of the definition of
Underlying Instruments shall be delivered upon request by the Requisite Lenders to the extent that the Investment Manager has received such items. 

To the extent not otherwise provided in clause (3) above, the Preliminary Documentation Package for each Collateral Obligation shall be
delivered to the Collateral Custodian on or prior to the date on which the Borrower funds the Acquisition of such Collateral Obligation (whether with funds on deposit in the Transaction Accounts or with the proceeds of any borrowing under the
Transaction Documents); and the Additional Documentation shall be delivered to the Collateral Custodian within five Business Days after the date on which the Borrower funds the Acquisition of such Collateral Obligation. 

For all purposes hereof and the other Transaction Documents, the Borrower Entities and the Investment Manager will be deemed to have satisfied
their obligations to deliver such Documentation Package, all Underlying Instruments and other related Custody Documents under this clause (e) to the Collateral Custodian to the extent such material has been made available to the Collateral
Agent and the Collateral Custodian in the Transaction Data Room. The Collateral Agent shall have no responsibility to receive or maintain in its possession any physical copies thereof. 

100 

(f) For each Collateral Obligation Acquired by a Borrower Entity after the Initial
Credit Date, such Borrower Entity shall: 

(1) [Reserved]; 

(2) direct all the obligors and agents, as applicable, on all Collateral Obligations to make all payments under the
relevant Underlying Instruments in respect of such Collateral Obligations directly to the applicable Transaction Accounts; 

(3) make available a Document Checklist for such Collateral Obligation, copies of all related Underlying Instruments and
other related Custody Documents to the Collateral Custodian on behalf of the Secured Parties; provided that: 

(i)
(x) with respect to Collateral Obligations other than Originated Collateral Obligations, items referenced in clause (a) of the definition of Underlying Instruments shall be delivered on the date on which such Borrower Entity
Acquires such Collateral Obligation and (y) with respect to Originated Collateral Obligations, items referenced in clause (a) of the definition of Underlying Instruments shall be delivered within five Business after the date on
which such Borrower Entity Acquires such Collateral Obligation; 

(ii) items referenced in clause (b) of the
definition of Underlying Instruments shall be delivered promptly upon receipt by the Investment Manager; and 

(iii) items referenced in clause (c) of the definition of Underlying Instruments shall be delivered
upon request by the Requisite Lenders to the extent that the Investment Manager has received such items. 

For all purposes hereof and the
other Transaction Documents, the Borrower Entities and the Investment Manager will be deemed to have satisfied their obligations to deliver such Document Checklists, all Underlying Instruments and other related Custody Documents under this clause
(f) to the Collateral Custodian to the extent such material has been made available to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Custodian in the Transaction Data Room. The Collateral Agent shall have no responsibility to receive or maintain in
its possession any physical copies thereof. 

6.8. Custodianship and Release of Collateral. 

(a) Subject to Section 8, each Borrower Entity may, by Borrower Order delivered to the Collateral Agent at least two Business Days
prior to the settlement date for any sale of a Collateral Obligation or Ineligible Asset, direct the Collateral Agent to release such Collateral Obligation and, upon receipt of such Borrower Order, if the sale of such Collateral Obligation or
Ineligible Asset is in compliance with the restrictions on sale and the other terms in Section 8 and the Administrative Agent has consented to such sale pursuant to Section 8), the Collateral Agent shall deliver any such Collateral
Obligation, if in physical form, duly endorsed to the broker or purchaser designated in such Borrower Order or against receipt of the sales price therefor as set forth in such Borrower Order; provided that the Collateral Agent may deliver any
such Collateral Obligation in physical form for examination in accordance with street delivery custom, and the Lien of the Collateral Agent shall be automatically released from such Collateral Obligation or Ineligible Asset without further action
upon receipt of the Sale Proceeds. 

(b) Subject to Section 8, each Borrower Entity may, by Borrower Order delivered to the
Collateral Agent at least two Business Days prior to the date set for redemption or payment in full of a Pledged Obligation or other item of Collateral and certifying that such Collateral Obligation is being redeemed or paid in full, direct the
Collateral Agent, or at the Collateral Agents instructions, the Accounts Securities Intermediary, to deliver such Collateral Obligation, if in physical form, duly endorsed, to cause it to be presented, or otherwise appropriately deliver or
present such security or debt obligation, to the 

101 

appropriate paying agent therefor or other Person responsible for payment thereon on or before the date set for redemption or payment, in each case against receipt of the redemption price or
payment in full thereof. If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of such direction, the Collateral Agent, if so directed by the Requisite Lenders, shall disregard such direction. 

(c) Subject to Section 8, each Borrower Entity may, by Borrower Order, delivered to the Collateral Agent at least two Business
Days prior to the date set for an exchange, tender or sale, certifying that a Collateral Obligation is subject to an Offer and setting forth in reasonable detail the procedure for response to such Offer, direct the Collateral Agent or, at the
Collateral Agents instructions, the Accounts Securities Intermediary, to deliver such security or debt obligation, if in physical form, duly endorsed, or, if such security is a Collateral Obligation for which a Security Entitlement has been
created in a Transaction Account, to cause it to be delivered, or otherwise appropriately deliver or present such security or debt obligation, in accordance with such Borrower Order, in each case against receipt of payment therefor, and the Lien of
the Collateral Agent shall be automatically released from such Collateral Obligation without further action upon receipt of the applicable exchange, tender or Sale Proceeds. If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of such
direction, the Collateral Agent, if so directed by the Requisite Lenders, shall disregard such direction. 

(d) The Collateral Agent
shall deposit any proceeds received from the disposition of a Pledged Obligation of the Borrower in the Principal Collection Account and/or the Interest Collection Account, as the case may be, unless directed to simultaneously applied to the
purchase of substitute Collateral Obligations or Eligible Investments as permitted under and in accordance with this Section 6 and Section 8. 

(e) Upon satisfaction of any of the conditions set forth in this Section 6.8 for the sale or release of a Collateral Obligation in
whole, the Investment Manager shall, by delivery to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Custodian of a request for release substantially in the form of Exhibit D (with a copy to the Lenders) (which may be delivered concurrently with the Borrower
Order delivered pursuant to Section 6.7(a)), direct the release of the related Custody Documents for such Collateral Obligation which are held by the Collateral Agent or the Collateral Custodian in physical custody pursuant to Section 6.6.
Upon receipt of such direction, the Collateral Agent or the Collateral Custodian shall release the related Custody Documents to the Investment Manager (or as otherwise provided in the related release request) and the Investment Manager will not be
required to return the related Custody Documents to the Collateral Agent or the Collateral Custodian. Written instructions as to the method of shipment and shipper(s) the Collateral Agent or the Collateral Custodian is directed to utilize in
connection with the transmission of Custody Documents in the performance of the Collateral Agents or the Collateral Custodians duties hereunder shall be delivered by the Investment Manager to the Collateral Agent or the Collateral
Custodian prior to any shipment of any Custody Documents hereunder. If the Collateral Agent or the Collateral Custodian does not receive such written instruction from the Investment Manager, the Collateral Agent or the Collateral Custodian shall be
authorized and indemnified as provided herein to utilize a nationally recognized courier service. The Investment Manager shall arrange for the provision of such services at the sole cost and expense of the Borrower and shall maintain such insurance
against loss or damage to the Custody Documents as the Investment Manager deems appropriate. 

6.9. Procedures Relating to the
Establishment of Transaction Accounts Controlled by the Collateral Agent. 

(a) Notwithstanding any term in this Agreement to the
contrary and notwithstanding the terms of Part 5 of Article 8 of the UCC, to the extent applicable, with respect to Collateral Obligations delivered to the Collateral Agent, any custodian acting on its behalf, or the Bank acting as Accounts
Securities Intermediary pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement, such Person shall be obligated to receive and hold until released pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and the Collateral Documents the items delivered or caused to be
delivered to it by the Borrower Entities or the Investment Manager, and to hold the same in its custody in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the Collateral Documents but shall have no further obligation with respect to, or be obligated
to take (or to determine whether there has been taken) any action in connection with the delivery of such Collateral Obligations. Without limiting 

102 

the foregoing, in no instance shall the Collateral Agent, any such custodian or the Bank acting as Accounts Securities Intermediary be under any duty or obligation to examine the underlying
credit agreement, loan agreement, participation agreement, indenture, trust agreement or similar instrument that may be applicable to any Collateral Obligation in order to determine (or otherwise to determine under applicable law) whether sufficient
actions have been taken and documents delivered (including any requisite obligor or agent bank consents, notices or filings) in order to properly assign, transfer, or otherwise convey title to such Collateral Obligations. 

In connection with the delivery of any Collateral Obligation, the Borrower Entities or the Investment Manager shall send to the Collateral
Agent and the Collateral Administrator a trade ticket or transmittal letter (in form and content mutually reasonably acceptable to them), which shall, at a minimum (in addition to other appropriate information with regard to the subject Collateral
Obligation as may be mutually agreed upon between the Collateral Administrator and the Investment Manager), (i) specify the Acquisition price for such Collateral Obligation, and (ii) identify the Collateral Obligation and its material amount,
payment and interest rate terms. Each of the Collateral Agent, any custodian acting on its behalf, the Collateral Administrator and the Bank acting as Accounts Securities Intermediary shall be entitled to assume the genuineness, validity and
enforceability of each such note, certificate, instrument and agreement delivered to it in connection with the delivery of a Collateral Obligation, and to assume that each is what it purports on its face to be, and to assume the genuineness and due
authority of all signatures appearing thereon. 

(b) Nothing in this Section 6 shall impose upon the Accounts Securities
Intermediary the duties, obligations or liabilities of the Collateral Agent; and nothing herein shall impose upon the Collateral Agent the duties, obligations or liabilities of the Accounts Securities Intermediary. 

SECTION 7. APPLICATION OF MONIES 

Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, but subject to the other subsections of this Section 7 and Section 12, on each
Payment Date, the Collateral Agent shall disburse amounts transferred to the Payment Account from the applicable Transaction Accounts as follows and for application by the Collateral Agent in accordance with the following priorities (collectively,
the Priority of Payments): 

(a) Interest Priority of Payments. On each Payment Date (unless an Event of
Default has occurred and is then continuing) the Collateral Agent shall disburse amounts transferred to the Payment Account pursuant to Sections 6.3(a) constituting Interest Proceeds (as set forth on the Monthly Report for such Payment Date) for
application in accordance with the following priorities (the Interest Priority of Payments): 

(1)
to the payment of taxes of any Borrower Entity, if any, and any governmental fee, including all filing, registration and annual return fees payable by them (in each case, excluding any Specified Payment Amounts for such Payment Date); 

(2) to the payment of accrued and unpaid Administrative Expenses constituting fees of the Bank Parties under the
Transaction Documents and reimbursement of expenses (including indemnity payments) of the Bank Parties pursuant to the terms of the Transaction Documents; provided that total payments pursuant to this subclause (2) shall not exceed, on
any Payment Date, the Administrative Expense Cap for such Payment Date; 

(3) to the payment of (a) first, to the Administrative Agent, the fees set forth in the Administrative Agent Fee Letter and
(b) second, to pay the Investment Management Fees to the Investment Manager and any Successor Management Fees to any Successor Investment Manager; provided that (x) the aggregate
amounts payable under this clause (3)(b) on any Payment
Date and under clause (1) of the Principal 

103 

Priority of Payments with respect thereto shall not exceed USD 750,000; and (y) no Investment Management Fee or Successor Management Fee will be payable under this clause (3)(b) on any Payment Date to the extent that remaining amounts available to be applied under clauses (4) through (9) below will be insufficient to cover such amounts in full; 

(4) to the payment (in the order set forth in the definition of Administrative Expenses), of
(a) first, remaining accrued and unpaid Administrative Expenses (other than indemnity payments) of the Borrower including other amounts payable by the Borrower to the Investment Manager under the Investment Management Agreement
(excluding any Investment Management Fees or Successor Management Fees), and to the Bank Parties constituting Administrative Expenses (including indemnity payments) not paid pursuant to subclause (2) above, and (b) second, remaining
accrued and unpaid Administrative Expenses of the Borrower constituting indemnity payments; provided that such payments pursuant to this subclause (4) shall not exceed an amount equal on any Payment Date (when taken together with any
Administrative Expenses (other than those paid and applied to the cap amount specified in clause (2) above) paid during the period since the preceding Payment Date or, in the case of the First Payment Date, the Initial Credit Date) to the
Administrative Expense Cap for such Payment Date; 

(5) to the payment of accrued and unpaid interest, Ancillary
Amounts and other amounts due and payable on the Loans (in each case other than principal of the Loans); 

(6) if a
Clean-Up Call Event has occurred and is continuing, to the outstanding principal of the Loans and the other Obligations until the Obligations are repaid in full; 

(7) for deposit into the Unfunded Reserve Account until the amount on deposit therein equals the Unfunded Reserve
Required Amount; 

(8) if a Collateral Deficit exists, to the Margin Account until such Collateral Deficit has been
cured; 

(9) to the Equity Holder as a Permitted RIC Distribution as directed by the Investment Manager 

(10) to the payment (a) first, pari passu, of any accrued and unpaid fees and expenses of the Bank
Parties; and (b) second, in the order set forth in the definition of Administrative Expenses, of any accrued and unpaid Administrative Expenses of the Borrower (including, for the avoidance of doubt, (x) indemnities and amounts
payable by the Borrower to the Bank Parties and (y) indemnities and amounts payable by the Borrower to the Investment Manager under the Investment Management Agreement (other than any Investment Management Fee or Successor Management Fee)), in
each case to the extent not paid pursuant to subclauses (2), (3) and (4) above; 

(11) to pay the Investment
Management Fees to the Investment Manager and any Successor Management Fees to any Successor Investment Manager, in each case to the extent not paid in full under clause (3) above; 

(12) to the payment of the Specified Payment Amounts (if any) for such Payment Date; and 

(13) the balance of Interest Proceeds, upon the direction of the Investment Manager (a) with notice to the
Administrative Agent, to the Borrower for payment as an Equity Distribution to the Equity Holder or (b) to be treated as Designated Principal Proceeds hereunder. 

104 

(b) Principal Priority of Payments. On each Payment Date (unless an Event of
Default has occurred and is then continuing), in each case after giving effect to the application of the Interest Priority of Payments on such Payment Date, the Collateral Agent shall disburse amounts transferred to the Payment Account pursuant to
Section 6.3(a) constituting Principal Proceeds (as set forth on the Monthly Report for such Payment Date) for application in accordance with the following priorities (the Principal Priority of Payments): 

(1) to the payment of the amounts referred to in subclauses (1) through (5) of the Interest Priority of Payments
(in the order of priority set forth therein), but only to the extent not paid in full thereunder; 

(2) if such
Payment Date is during the Amortization Period, to the payment of principal of the Loans until the Loans are repaid in full; provided that if the amount on deposit in the Unfunded Reserve Account equals or exceeds the amount of
outstanding Loans, the Borrower (or the Investment Manager on its behalf) may elect to withdraw such amounts from the Unfunded Reserve Account and repay the Loans in full pursuant to this clause (2)

(3) if a Clean-Up Call Event has occurred and is continuing, to the outstanding principal of the Loans and the other
Obligations until the Obligations are repaid in full; 

(4) [Reserved]; 

(5) if a Collateral Deficit exists, to the Margin Account until such Collateral Deficit has been cured; 

(6) if such Payment Date is during the Reinvestment Period, all remaining Principal Proceeds (as determined by the
Investment Manager) (w) to the Acquisition of Collateral Obligations or to the Principal Collection Account for investment in Eligible Investments pending Acquisition of Collateral Obligations at a later date, in each case in accordance with
this Agreement; (x) for deposit into the Unfunded Reserve Account until the amount on deposit therein equals the Unfunded Reserve Required Amount, (y) to the repayment of the Loans in a voluntary prepayment pursuant to Section 2.8 and
(z) so long as the Equity Distribution Test is satisfied after giving effect to such Equity Distribution, to the Equity Holder as an Equity Distribution; 

(7) to the amounts referred to in subclauses (10) and (11) of the Interest Priority of Payments (in the order of
priority set forth therein), but only to the extent not paid in full thereunder; 

(8) to the payment of the
Specified Payment Amounts (if any) for such Payment Date, in each case to the extent not paid pursuant to the Interest Priority of Payments; and 

(9) to the Borrower for distribution to the Equity Holder as a dividend payment thereon or as a final distribution in
redemption thereof, as applicable. 

105 

(c) Enforcement Priority of Payments. If an Event of Default has occurred and
is continuing, all Interest Proceeds, Principal Proceeds and any other available funds in the Transaction Accounts will be distributed in the following order of priority (the Enforcement Priority of Payments): 

(1) to the payment (a) first, of the amounts referred to in subclauses (1) through (2) of the Interest
Priority of Payments (in the order of priority set forth therein); and (b) second, to the Bank Parties, the Collateral Custodian and the Administrative Agent constituting Administrative Expenses (including indemnity payments, but
excluding Excluded Payments) not paid pursuant to subclause (a) above due to the application of the caps set forth in subclause (2) of the Interest Priority of Payments; 

(2) to the payment (a) first, of accrued and unpaid interest, Ancillary Amounts and other amounts due and
payable on the Loans (in each case other than principal of the Loans), (b) second, of principal of the Loans, until the Loans have been repaid in full, (c) third, for deposit into the Unfunded Reserve Account until the amount on
deposit therein equals the Unfunded Reserve Required Amount, (d) fourth to the payment of any other Obligations the outstanding, and (5) fifth, to the amount referred to in subclause (9) of the Interest Priority of
Payments (in the order of priority set forth therein); 

(3) to pay the Investment Management Fees to the Investment
Manager and any Successor Management Fees to any Successor Investment Manager, in each case to the extent not theretofore paid in full; 

(4) to the payment of all Extraordinary Expense Amounts (if any) not theretofore paid; and 

(5) the balance of such funds, if any, to the Borrower for distribution to the Equity Holder as a final distribution in
redemption thereof, as applicable. 

(d) Other Provisions. Without limiting the foregoing: 

(1) Not later than 12:00 p.m., (New York City time), on the Business Day preceding each Payment Date, the Borrower
shall, pursuant to Section 6.3(a), direct the Collateral Agent to transfer into the Payment Account Cash (to the extent of funds then on deposit in the other Transaction Accounts) an amount sufficient to pay the amounts described in the
Priority of Payments required to be paid on such Payment Date. 

(2) If on any Payment Date the amount available in
the Payment Account from amounts received in the related Due Period is insufficient to make the full amount of the disbursements required by the statements furnished by the Borrower pursuant to Section 6.6, the Collateral Agent shall make the
disbursements called for in the order and according to the priority set forth under the Priority of Payments, subject to Section 12 of the Agreement, to the extent funds are available therefor and such failure to pay shall not be an Event of
Default unless specifically set forth herein. 

(3) To the extent directed by the Administrative Agent, amounts to be
applied under this section may be applied in the currency in which such funds are then denominated or may be converted to USD or another Specified Currency at the Current FX Rate as directed by the Administrative Agent. 

(4) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, amounts on deposit in the Expense Reserve Account may be
applied to the payment of Administrative Expenses of the Borrower on days other than Payment Dates; and other payments expressly permitted to be made hereunder on dates other than Payment Dates, or otherwise than in accordance with the Priority of
Payments, may be made to the extent so expressly provided herein. 

106 

(5) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein,
amounts on deposit in the Collection Account (regardless of whether such amounts are Interest Proceeds or Principal Proceeds) may be distributed at the request of the Borrower for distribution to the Equity Holder as an Equity Distribution
(including a Permitted RIC Distribution) provided that: 

(A) the Borrower shall have provided not less than three
Business Days prior written notice thereof to the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent; and 

(B) the
Equity Distribution Test shall be satisfied after giving effect to such Equity Distribution. 

SECTION 8. SALE OF COLLATERAL
OBLIGATIONS; SUBSTITUTION; AMENDMENTS 

8.1. Sales of Collateral Obligations. 

(a)Sales. A Borrower Entity or the Investment Manager on its behalf may Dispose (or direct the Collateral Agent, on
behalf of a Borrower Entity, to Dispose) of any Collateral Obligation at any time without the consent of any Person; provided that, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (or will occur or be continuing after giving effect to
such sale and the application of the proceeds thereof), the consent of the Administrative Agent must be obtained prior to such Disposition (in its sole and absolute discretion). 

(b)Limit on Affiliate Sales. Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless otherwise consented to by the Administrative Agent,
the Aggregate Principal Amount of all Equity Holder Collateral Obligations (other than Warranty Collateral Obligations) sold pursuant hereto to the Equity Holder or an Affiliate thereof (which shall not, for the avoidance of doubt, include Fund
Affiliates) shall not in aggregate exceed 20% of the Equity Holder Purchased Loan Balance measured as of the date of such sale; provided that the Aggregate Principal Amount of all Equity Holder Collateral Obligations that are Defaulted
Obligations (other than Warranty Collateral Obligations) sold pursuant to Section 8.1(b) to the Equity Holder or an Affiliate thereof (which shall not, for the avoidance of doubt, include Fund Affiliates) shall not in any twelve-month period
exceed 10% of the Equity Holder Purchased Loan Balance measured as of the date of such sale or dividend. 

(c)Application
of Sale Proceeds and Principal Proceeds. During and after the Reinvestment Period, all Sale Proceeds and Principal Proceeds shall be applied in accordance with the Priority of Payments applicable thereto on the next succeeding Payment Date.
During the Reinvestment Period, amounts received in the Principal Collection Account, or deposited in the Principal Collection Account under the Principal Priority of Payments, may be applied to the Acquisition of Collateral Obligations (or may be
deposited in or retained in the Principal Collection Account for investment in Eligible Investments pending Acquisition of Collateral Obligations) in each case in accordance with this Agreement. After the Reinvestment Period, no Principal Proceeds
may be reinvested by a Borrower Entity in Collateral Obligations at any time. 

(d)Sales of Eligible Investments.
Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, none of the Borrower Entities, the Investment Manager or the Collateral Agent may at any time sell or permit the sale of any Eligible Investment (other than an Rule 2a7 money market fund) if the
applicable Borrower Entity or the Investment Manager determines that such Eligible Investment will sell at a price that is below such Borrower Entitys purchase price of such Eligible Investment. 

(e)Collateral Acquisition and Disposition Terms. Any transaction involving the Acquisition or sale of Collateral
effected under this Agreement shall be conducted on terms no less favorable to a Borrower Entity than terms prevailing in the market (as determined by the Investment Manager in its business judgment, such judgment not to be called into questions by
the occurrence of subsequent events). All sales of Collateral Obligations or any portion thereof pursuant to this Section 8.1 shall be for Cash on a non-recourse basis to the relevant Borrower Entity.

107 

(f)Sales Prior to Stated Maturity. On or prior to the date that is two
Business Days prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, but no earlier than the date that is 90 Business Days prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Investment Manager shall direct the Collateral Agent in writing to sell, and the Collateral Agent
shall sell, all Collateral Obligations and other securities to the extent necessary such that no Collateral Obligations or other securities will be expected to be held by a Borrower Entity on or after such date, and the Collateral Agent shall sell
such Collateral Obligations and such other securities in accordance with the direction of the Investment Manager. The settlement dates for any such sales of Collateral Obligations and other securities shall be no later than two Business Days prior
to the Scheduled Maturity Date. 

(g)Reinvestment in Collateral Obligations. Whenever the Investment Manager is
required to use commercially reasonable efforts to direct the reinvestment of Sale Proceeds or Principal Proceeds on behalf of a Borrower Entity under this Section 8.1, such reinvestment shall be subject to market conditions and the
availability and suitability of available investments. 

(h)Certain Lender Consents after Event of Default, Etc.
Following the occurrence and continuation of an Event of Default or the occurrence and continuation of Cause under the Investment Management Agreement (and after the application of any cure or grace periods), the Investment Manager shall
obtain the written consent of the Requisite Lenders before acting on behalf of, or otherwise directing, any Borrower Entity, the Collateral Agent or any other person in connection with a sale of Collateral Obligations pursuant to any provision of
this Agreement. 

8.2. Trading Restrictions. 

(a) In connection with the Acquisition of a Collateral Obligation (whether by purchase, origination, receipt of contribution thereof or
otherwise) and prior to entering into a Commitment to Acquire such Collateral Obligation, each Borrower Entity (and the Investment Manager on behalf of such Borrower Entity), shall comply with the following procedure: 

(i) each proposed Acquisition of a Collateral Obligation shall be submitted in writing for approval to the
Administrative Agent, and each such submission shall either: 

(x) certify that such Collateral Obligation will upon
its Acquisition satisfy each of the elements in the definition of such term, satisfies each of the Collateral Obligation Criteria and satisfies each of the Collateral Portfolio Requirements; or 

(y) identify each the element in the definition of Collateral Obligation or in the Collateral
Obligation Criteria that is not met (with a description in reasonable detail of each such deviation) and each of the Collateral Portfolio Requirements that would not be met after giving effect to such Acquisition; 

(ii) (x) the Administrative Agent shall specify whether, as to the Lenders, such Collateral Obligation is a
Private Asset or a Non-Private Asset (in the Lenders sole and absolute discretion); (y) the Investment Manager shall specify whether, as to the Borrower and its Affiliates, such Collateral Obligation is a Private
Asset or a Non-Private Asset (in its sole and absolute discretion); and (z) if and only if both the Lenders and the Investment Manager have designated such Collateral Obligation as a Private Asset, then such
Collateral Obligation shall be designated as a Private Asset hereunder (and, in all other cases, such Collateral Obligation shall be designated as a Non-Private Asset hereunder); 

108 

(iii) the following information with respect to such Collateral
Obligation (collectively, the Diligence Information), together with a Document Checklist for such Collateral Obligation, shall have been delivered to the Collateral Custodian and made available to the Lenders (it being understood
that compliance with any applicable confidentiality restrictions will be required before such delivery, and the Investment Manager will use its commercially reasonable efforts to enable the Lenders to deliver applicable confidentiality agreements or
otherwise to comply with such restrictions): 

(w) (1) with respect to Collateral Obligations that are not Originated
Collateral Obligations, copies of all related documents referenced in clause (a) of the definition of Underlying Instrument relating to such Collateral Obligation and (2) with respect to Originated Collateral Obligations,
copies of all related Draft Instruments and the IC Memorandum relating to such Collateral Obligations; 

(x) solely
to the extent in the Investment Managers possession, with respect to Collateral Obligations that are not Originated Collateral Obligations, copies of all related documents referenced in clauses (b) and (c) of the definition of
Underlying Instrument relating to such Collateral Obligation (provided that such documents shall not be deemed to be Custody Documents hereunder); 

(y) solely to the extent in the Investment Managers possession, all appraisal or valuation reports conducted by
third parties as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent (provided that such documents shall not be deemed to be Custody Documents hereunder); and 

(z) solely to the extent in the Investment Managers possession, all other information customary and typical in
performing a detailed credit analysis and as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, including corporate organization charts of the obligors (to the extent available to the Investment Manager) and information concerning the
relationship of such obligor to the Borrower and the Investment Manager and their respective Affiliates (provided that such documents shall not be deemed to be Custody Documents hereunder); 

(iv) upon receipt of the request for approval and all Diligence Information, within five Business Days, the
Administrative Agent shall either (x) approve the Acquisition of such Proposed Collateral Obligation (and, in connection with such approval, determine the Market Value, Assigned Price, Advance Rate, Original Asset Amount and Initial FX Rate for
such Collateral Obligation as of the approval date and the Additional Value Adjustment Events (if any) for such Collateral Obligation), or (y) reject the Acquisition of such Collateral Obligation (any such rejected Acquisition, a
Rejected Acquisition); provided that the rejection of a Proposed Collateral Obligation which does not satisfy the Reinvestment Criteria at the time of such proposal (other than obtaining the consent of the Administrative
Agent) or is a Revalued Asset shall not be considered a Rejected Acquisition; 

(v) at the time of such Acquisition,
the Borrower Entities shall comply with their respective obligations under Section 6.7(e) or (f), as applicable; and 

(vi) unless otherwise expressly consented to by the Administrative Agent, each Collateral Portfolio Requirement will be
satisfied (or, if any such requirement was not satisfied immediately prior to such Acquisition or Commitment to be Acquired), such requirement or test will be maintained or improved after giving effect to the Acquisition). 

For all purposes hereof and the other Transaction Documents, the Borrower Entities and the Investment Manager will be deemed to have satisfied
their obligations to deliver Diligence Information to the Collateral Custodian under clause (iv) above to the extent such material has been made available to the Collateral Custodian in the Transaction Data Room. 

109 

Upon reasonable request by the Borrower, the Calculation Agent shall from time to time
provide to the Borrower its good faith estimate of the expected Assigned Price of any potential Collateral Obligation. 

The Administrative
Agent will be deemed to have waived any of the requirements in the definition of Collateral Obligation and any deviation from the Collateral Portfolio Requirements if (and only if) (1) each such deviation or non-compliance is
expressly disclosed to the Lenders in writing pursuant to Section 8.2(a)(i) and (2) after receipt of such writing, the Administrative Agent have expressly consented in writing to the Acquisition of such Collateral Obligation hereunder. For
the avoidance of doubt, no Collateral Obligations shall be Acquired by the Borrower unless consent of the Administrative Agent (in its sole and absolute discretion) has been obtained therefor. 

(b) In connection with the holding of a Collateral Obligation by a Borrower Entity, and for as long as such Collateral Obligation
remains part of the Collateral Portfolio, such Borrower Entity, or the Investment Manager on its behalf, shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide: 

(i) upon request of the Requisite Lenders, as soon as practically available, to the Collateral Custodian (to be held by
the Collateral Custodian hereunder on behalf of the Secured Parties as Custody Documents) all amendments, modifications and supplements of and all waivers in respect of each Underlying Instrument; and 

(ii) in connection with the delivery of any items as described in clause (1) above, an updated Document Checklist
for such Collateral Obligation. 

(c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, for the avoidance of doubt, there shall be no
reinvestment in any Collateral Obligations after the end of the Reinvestment Period. 

(d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
herein, no Borrower Entity (nor the Investment Manager on its behalf) will at any time Commit to Acquire any Collateral Obligation unless at the time of such Commitment the Borrower, in its commercially reasonable judgment, believes there is or will
be an amount of funds on deposit in the Principal Collection Account in the relevant currency, together with amounts that may be borrowed hereunder in compliance with the terms and conditions set forth herein, that is equal to or greater than the
full amount required by the relevant Borrower Entity to Acquire such Collateral Obligation (and all other Collateral Obligations that the Borrower Entities have Committed to Acquire but that have not yet settled). 

(e) In connection with the Acquisition of any Collateral Obligation after the Initial Credit Date, the Borrower (or the Investment
Manager on its behalf) shall deliver to the Collateral Agent an Officers certificate certifying that such Acquisition complies with this Section 8.2 (determined as of the date that the Borrower Commits to make the purchase);
provided that such requirement shall be satisfied, and such certification shall be deemed to have been made in respect of such Acquisition, by the delivery to the Collateral Agent of a Borrower Order or other direction or a trade ticket in
respect thereof that is provided by an Authorized Officer of the Investment Manager. 

8.3. Affiliate Transactions. 

No Borrower Entity will have the right or ability to sell to an Affiliate any Collateral Obligation except for (a) Revalued Assets,
(b) required repurchase obligations pursuant to the Sale and Contribution Agreements (any such repurchase, Permitted Repurchases), or (c) sales to Affiliates conducted on terms and conditions consistent with those of an
arms length transaction at fair market value, provided that the Borrower has provided notice to the Lenders setting forth the price at which such Collateral Obligation is proposed to be sold. No Borrower Entity will have the right or
ability to Acquire 

110 

Collateral Obligations from any Affiliate except for Acquisitions from Affiliates conducted on terms and conditions consistent with those of an arms length transaction at fair market value.
Neither the Collateral Agent nor the Collateral Administrator shall have any obligation to verify compliance with this Section 8.3. 

8.4. Purchase and Delivery of Collateral Obligations and Other Actions. 

(a) Investment in Collateral Obligations. The Investment Manager on behalf of the Borrower Entities shall seek to invest the net
proceeds of borrowings hereunder in Collateral Obligations in accordance with the provisions hereof and of the other Transaction Documents. Subject to the provisions of this Section 8.4, all or any portion of such net proceeds may be applied
prior to the end of the Reinvestment Period to Acquire a Collateral Obligation or one or more Eligible Investments for inclusion in the Collateral upon: 

(i) in the case of an Acquisition of a Collateral Obligation, compliance with the conditions to Acquire such Collateral
Obligation on this Section 8; and 

(ii) receipt by the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator of a
Borrower Order with respect thereto directing the Collateral Agent to pay out the amount specified therein against delivery of the Collateral Obligations or Eligible Investments specified therein. 

(b) Investment in Eligible Investments. Any portion of the net proceeds of any Loans hereunder that is not invested in
Collateral Obligations at 3:00 p.m., New York City time, on any Business Day during the Reinvestment Period shall, on the next succeeding Business Day or as soon as practicable thereafter, be invested in Eligible Investments as directed by the
Investment Manager in writing (which may be in the form of standing instructions). 

(c) Schedule of Collateral Obligations.
The Borrower shall cause to be delivered to the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, as promptly as practicable on or after each Acquisition of Collateral Obligations, either an amended Schedule
of Collateral Obligations or a list of Collateral Obligations setting forth all Collateral Obligations Acquired by the Borrower Entities on or prior to such date, which schedule or list shall supersede any prior Schedule of Collateral Obligations
delivered hereunder and which schedule or list shall include all Collateral Obligations held as of such date. 

8.5. Amendments
to Underlying Instruments. 

(a) In the performance of its obligations hereunder, so long as no Event of Default shall have
occurred and be continuing, the Borrower (or the Investment Manager on its behalf) may enter into any amendment, modification or waiver of, consent or supplement to, or inaction with respect to any Underlying Instrument (each, an
Amendment); provided that: 

(1) unless the Administrative Agent has otherwise expressly
consented to such Amendment (such consent to be granted or withheld in the Administrative Agents sole and absolute discretion), the Adjusted Balance of any Collateral Obligation subject to a Material Modification shall be zero upon the
effective date on the documentation containing such Material Modification unless the Administrative Agent provides a different Adjusted Balance in writing; and 

(2) in respect of any Material Modification: 

(A) the Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a summary of such Material Modification, along with a
description of the rationale of such request and the then-most recent available draft documentation in connection therewith (each, a Draft Amendment Package) and requested confirmation that the Administrative Agent (in its sole
and absolute discretion) has determined that such Amendment will not be materially adverse to the value of such Collateral Obligation (each, a Material Modification Request); and 

111 

(B) either: 

(x) the Administrative Agent has provided written notice that the Administrative Agent consents to such Material
Modification Consent Request; 

(y) the Administrative Agent has provided written notice that the Administrative
Agent does not consent to such Material Modification Consent Request and has provided a new Adjusted Balance for such Collateral Obligation; or 

(z) the Administrative Agent has not responded to such Material Modification Consent Request, 

in each case under this clause (B) within 10 Business Days following receipt of such Material Modification Consent Request (the period
prior to the Administrative Agent taking action with respect to a Material Modification Consent Request or the expiration of such 10 Business Day period, the related Approval Period), in which case such Material Modification
Consent Request shall be deemed granted. For the avoidance of doubt, except as set forth in clause (b) below the consent of the Administrative Agent shall not be required for the Borrower to enter into any Amendment that is not a Material
Modification. 

(b) If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower (or the Investment Manager on its behalf)
may not enter into any Amendment with respect to any Collateral Obligation unless the Administrative Agent has otherwise consented to such Amendment in its sole and absolute discretion. If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the
Adjusted Balance of any Collateral Obligation that is the subject of a Material Modification or a Material Modification Consent Request for which the Administrative Agent has not granted its consent shall be zero. 

(c) The Borrower shall deliver executed copies of all Amendments to the Administrative Agent within 10 Business Days of execution
thereof, which executed documentation shall, in the case of any Material Modification, be consistent in all material respect with the documentation included in the Draft Amendment Package, unless otherwise consented to by Administrative Agent in its
sole and absolute discretion. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions in this Section 8.5, the Borrower may extend the delivery
dates for underlying deliverables (i.e. financial statements, officer certificates and similar documentary items) under the Underlying Instruments for each Collateral Obligation, in each case up to a maximum of 5 days, without the consent of the
Administrative Agent. 

SECTION 9. EVENTS OF DEFAULT 

If any one or more of the following conditions or events shall occur (each, an Event of Default): 

(a) Failure to Make Payments When Due. Failure by the Borrower to pay: 

(1) any principal of any Loan at the Maturity Date; or 

(2) [Reserved] 

112 

(3) [Reserved] 

(4) any amount payable in connection with a Clean-Up Call Prepayment pursuant to Section 2.9(b) within five
Business Days of the occurrence of the related Clean-Up Call Event; or 

(5) when due any installment of principal of
any Loan (in each case, whether by notice of voluntary prepayment or otherwise, but excluding payments referred to in clauses (1) through (4) above or prepayments for which notice of such prepayment was conditional or notice of such prepayment
was revoked by the Borrower) within two Business Days after the notice of prepayment was submitted; or 

(6) any
interest on any Loan, any Ancillary Amount or any fee or any other amount due hereunder (other than payment of amounts under the Margining Agreement) within five Business Days after the date due (or, in the case of a default in payment resulting
solely from an administrative error or omission by the Collateral Agent, such default continues for a period of seven or more Business Days after the Collateral Agent receives written notice of or a Trust Officer has knowledge of such administrative
error or omission); or 

(7) the failure on any Payment Date to disburse amounts available in the Payment Account in
excess of $25,000 in accordance with the Priority of Payments and continuation of such failure for a period of 10 Business Days (provided that, if such failure results solely from an administrative error or omission by the Collateral Agent,
such default continues for a period of 10 or more Business Days after the Collateral Agent receives written notice of or a Trust Officer has knowledge of such administrative error or omission); 

(b) Breach of Certain Covenants. Failure of any Credit Party: 

(1) to deliver cash to the Margin Account in the amount(s) and within the time period set forth in the Margining
Agreement; or 

(2) to perform or comply with any term or condition contained in Section 2.3, Section 5.3,
Section 5.7, Section 5.8, Section 5.9, Section 5.10, Section 5.14(b) or (c) or Section 8; or 

(c)
Breach of Representations, Etc. Any representation, warranty, certification or other statement made or deemed made by or on behalf of any Credit Party in any Transaction Document or in any statement or certificate at any time given by
or on behalf of any Credit Party in writing pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall be false in any material respect as of the date made or deemed made and such failure shall not have been remedied or waived within 30
days after the earlier of (1) an Authorized Officer of such Credit Party obtaining actual knowledge of such false statement or (2) receipt by the Borrower and the Investment Manager of written notice from the Administrative Agent or any
Lender of such false statement; or 

(d) Other Defaults Under Transaction Documents. Any Credit Party shall default in the
performance of or compliance with any term contained herein or any of the other Transaction Documents, other than any such term referred to in any other paragraph of this Section 9, and such default shall not have been remedied or waived within
10 Business Days after the earlier of (1) an Authorized Officer of such Credit Party obtaining knowledge of such default or (2) receipt by the Borrower and the Investment Manager of notice from the Administrative Agent or any Lender of
such default; or 

113 

(e)Involuntary Bankruptcy; Appointment of Receiver, Etc. (1) A
court of competent jurisdiction shall enter a decree or order for relief in respect of any Credit Party in an involuntary case under any Debtor Relief Laws now or hereafter in effect, which decree or order is not stayed; or any other similar relief
shall be granted under any applicable federal or state law; or (2) an involuntary case shall be commenced against any Credit Party under any Debtor Relief Laws now or hereafter in effect; or a decree or order of a court having jurisdiction in
the premises for the appointment of a receiver, liquidator, sequestrator, trustee, custodian or other officer having similar powers over any Credit Party, or over all or a substantial part of its property, shall have been entered; or there shall
have occurred the involuntary appointment of an interim receiver, trustee or other custodian of any Credit Party for all or a substantial part of its property; or a warrant of attachment, execution or similar process shall have been issued against
any substantial part of the property of any Credit Party, and any such event described in this clause (e) shall continue for 60 days without having been dismissed, bonded or discharged; or 

(f)Voluntary Bankruptcy; Appointment of Receiver, Etc. (1) Any Credit Party shall have an order for relief entered
with respect to it or shall commence a voluntary case under any Debtor Relief Laws now or hereafter in effect, or shall consent to the entry of an order for relief in an involuntary case, or to the conversion of an involuntary case to a voluntary
case, under any such law, or shall consent to the appointment of or taking possession by a receiver, trustee or other custodian for all or a substantial part of its property; or any Credit Party shall make any assignment for the benefit of
creditors; or (2) any Credit Party shall be unable, or shall fail generally, or shall admit in writing its inability, to pay its debts as such debts become due; or the board of directors (or similar governing body) of any Credit Party (or any
committee thereof) shall adopt any resolution or otherwise authorize any action to approve any of the actions referred to herein or in clause (e) above; or 

(g)Dissolution. Any order, judgment or decree shall be entered against any Credit Party decreeing the dissolution or
split up of such Credit Party and such order shall remain undischarged or unstayed for a period in excess of 60 days; or 

(h)Collateral Documents, Etc. At any time after the execution and delivery thereof, (1) any Collateral Document ceases to be in full force and effect (other than by reason of a release of Collateral in accordance with the terms
hereof or thereof or the satisfaction in full of the Obligations in accordance with the terms hereof) or shall be declared null and void, or the Collateral Agent shall not have or shall cease to have a valid and perfected Lien in any Collateral
purported to be covered by the Collateral Documents with the priority required by the relevant Collateral Document, in each case for any reason other than the failure of the Collateral Agent or any other Secured Party to take any action within its
control; or (2) any Credit Party shall contest the validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document in writing or deny in writing that it has any further liability, including with respect to future advances by Lenders, under any
Transaction Document to which it is a party or shall contest the validity or perfection of any Lien in any Collateral purported to be covered by the Collateral Documents; or 

(i)Investment Company. Any Borrower Entity or the portfolio of Collateral becomes an investment company
required to be registered under the Investment Company Act and such status continues unremedied for 45 days; or 

(j)ERISA. The Equity Holder or the Borrower maintains or contributes to any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan; or an ERISA Event shall have occurred that, when taken together with all other ERISA Events that have occurred, would
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; or 

(k)Financial Covenants; Etc. Failure of the
Guarantor to satisfy Section 3.4 of the Limited Guaranty. 

(l)Investment Manager-Related Events, Etc. A
Cause Event shall occur; or the Investment Manager shall for any reason tender its resignation, or be removed with or without cause, under the Investment Management Agreement or as manager to the Equity Holder; or 

114 

(m)Information Delivery. The Borrower fails to comply with any
obligation to deliver Specified Information, and with respect to a failure that is capable of being remedied, such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of five or more Business Days; or 

(n)Subsidiaries. Any Borrower Entity (other than the Borrower) ceases to be a direct wholly owned Subsidiary of the
Borrower; or 

(o)Defaulted Asset Sale Failure. A Defaulted Asset Sale Failure shall occur; or 

(p)[Reserved],

(q)Change in Control. (1) Failure of the Equity Holder at any time to hold, directly, 100% of the issued and
outstanding equity interests of the Borrower, or (2) Apollo Credit Management, LLC ceases to be the investment adviser to, and otherwise control the investment management and investment policies of, the Equity Holder; 

(r)Special Member. Failure by the Borrower to maintain at least one Special Member. 

THEN, (1) upon the occurrence of any Event of Default described in Section 9 (e) or 9(f), automatically, and (2) upon the occurrence and
during the continuance of any other Event of Default, at the request of (or with the consent of) the Requisite Lenders, upon notice to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent (A) the Commitments, if any, of each Lender shall immediately
terminate and (B) each of the following shall immediately become due and payable, in each case without presentment, demand, protest or other requirements of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by each Credit Party: 

(A) the unpaid principal amount of and accrued interest on the Loans, and 

(B) all other Obligations, and the Administrative Agent may cause the Collateral Agent to enforce any and all Liens and
security interests created pursuant to and subject to the terms and limitations of the Collateral Documents. 

For the avoidance of doubt,
any failure of any Reinvestment Criteria to be satisfied on any date shall not constitute, in itself, a Default or Event of Default under any Transaction Document. 

SECTION 10. THE AGENTS 

10.1. Appointment of Agents. 

(a) Goldman Sachs is hereby appointed Syndication Agent hereunder, and each Lender hereby authorizes Goldman Sachs to act as Syndication
Agent in accordance with the terms hereof and the other Transaction Documents. The Syndication Agent, without consent of or notice to any party hereto, may assign any and all of its rights or obligations hereunder to any of its Affiliates. As of the
Initial Credit Date, Goldman Sachs, in its capacity as Syndication Agent, shall not have any obligations but shall be entitled to all benefits of this Section 10. The Syndication Agent may resign from such role at any time, with immediate
effect, by giving prior written notice thereof to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower. 

(b) Goldman Sachs is hereby appointed
the Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents and each Lender hereby authorizes Goldman Sachs to act as the Administrative Agent in accordance with the terms hereof and the other Transaction Documents. 

(c) State Street Bank and Trust Company is hereby appointed the Collateral Agent hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents to
which the Collateral Agent is a party, and each Lender hereby authorizes it to act as Collateral Agent in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof. 

115 

Virtus Group, LP, is hereby appointed the Collateral Administrator hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents to which the Collateral Administrator is a party, and each Lender hereby
authorizes it to act as Collateral Administrator in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof. 

(d) Each Agent hereby agrees to
act in its capacity as such upon the express provisions contained herein and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, as applicable. The provisions of this Section 10 are solely for the benefit of Agents and the Lenders and no
Credit Party shall have any rights as a third party beneficiary of any of the provisions of this Section 10. In performing its functions and duties hereunder, each Agent shall act solely as an agent of Lenders and does not assume and shall not
be deemed to have assumed any obligation towards or relationship of agency or trust with or for any Credit Party. No implied covenants, functions, responsibilities, duties, obligations or liabilities shall be read into any Transaction Document or
otherwise exist against any Agent. It is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent herein or in any Transaction Documents (or any other similar term) with reference to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the
Collateral Custodian, the Collateral Administrator or the Accounts Securities Intermediary is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law. Instead such term is
used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties. The permissive authorizations, entitlements, powers and rights granted to the Agents in the Transaction
Documents shall not be construed as duties. 

10.2. Powers and Duties. 

Each Lender irrevocably authorizes each Agent to take such action on such Lenders behalf and to exercise such powers, rights and remedies
hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party as are specifically delegated or granted to such Agent by the terms hereof and thereof, together with such powers, rights and remedies as are reasonably incidental thereto.
Each Agent shall have only those duties and responsibilities that are expressly specified herein and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, and each Agent shall not be liable except for the performance of such duties and
responsibilities as are express specified herein and therein. Each Agent may exercise such powers, rights and remedies and perform such duties by or through its agents or employees, and no Agent shall be responsible for any misconduct or negligence
on the part of any such agent or employee appointed by it with due care. No Agent shall have, by reason hereof or any of the other Transaction Documents, a fiduciary relationship in respect of any Lender or any other Person; and nothing herein or
any of the other Transaction Documents, expressed or implied, is intended to or shall be so construed as to impose upon any Agent any obligations in respect hereof or any of the other Transaction Documents except as expressly set forth herein or
therein. 

The Agents shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by them (1) at the direction of the Borrower or the
Investment Manager as provided in this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents, (2) with the consent of or at the request or direction of the Requisite Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as
the Agents shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, to give such request or direction hereunder), or, solely with respect to the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Custodian or the Collateral Administrator, with the consent of or at the
direction of the Administrative Agent or (3) in the absence of their own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final non-appealable judgment. 

The Lenders hereby direct each of the Agents, as applicable, to execute and deliver the Transaction Documents to which they are a party,
respectively, on or prior to the Initial Credit Date and to execute and deliver additional Transaction Documents from time to time (upon written direction by the Requisite Lenders or, with respect to the Agents other than the Administrative Agent, with the consent of or at the direction of the
Administrative Agent). It is hereby expressly acknowledged and agreed that, in taking any of the foregoing actions, the Agents are not responsible for the terms or contents of such agreements, or
for the validity or enforceability thereof, or the sufficiency thereof for any purpose. Whether or not so expressly stated therein, in entering into, or taking (or forbearing from) any action under pursuant to, the Transaction Documents, the Agents
each shall have all of the rights, immunities, indemnities and other protections granted to them under this Agreement (in addition to those that may be granted to them under the terms of such other agreement or agreements). 

116 

10.3. General Immunity. 

(a) No Agent shall be responsible to any Person for the execution, effectiveness, genuineness, validity, enforceability, collectability
or sufficiency hereof or any other Transaction Document or for any representations, warranties, recitals or statements made herein or therein or made in any written or oral statements or in any financial or other statements, instruments, reports or
certificates or any other documents furnished or made by any Agent to Lenders or by or on behalf of any Credit Party to any Agent or any Lender in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby or for the
financial condition or business affairs of any Credit Party or any other Person liable for the payment of any Obligations, nor shall any Agent be required to ascertain or inquire as to the performance or observance of any of the terms, conditions,
provisions, covenants or agreements contained in any of the Transaction Documents or as to the use of the proceeds of the Loans or as to the existence or possible existence of any Event of Default or Default or to make any disclosures with respect
to the foregoing. Anything contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding, the Administrative Agent shall not have any liability arising from confirmations of the amount of outstanding Loans or the component amounts thereof. 

(b) No Agent nor any of its officers, partners, directors, employees or agents shall be liable for any action taken or omitted by any
Agent under or in connection with any of the Transaction Documents except to the extent caused by such Agents gross negligence or willful misconduct, as determined by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. Each
Agent shall be entitled to refrain from any act or the taking of any action (including the failure to take an action) in connection herewith or any of the other Transaction Documents or from the exercise of any power, discretion or authority vested
in it hereunder or thereunder unless and until such Agent shall have received instructions in respect thereof from the Requisite Lenders (or such other Lenders as may be required to give such instructions hereunder) or, solely with respect to the
Collateral Agent, the Collateral Custodian or the Collateral Administrator instructions in respect thereof from the Administrative Agent and, upon receipt of such instructions from the Requisite Lenders (or such other Lenders, as the case may be) or
the Administrative Agent, such Agent shall be entitled to act or (where so instructed) refrain from acting, or to exercise such power, discretion or authority, in accordance with such instructions, including for the avoidance of doubt refraining
from any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may be in violation of the automatic stay under any Debtor Relief Law. Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, (1) each Agent shall be entitled to rely, and shall
be fully protected in relying, upon any resolution, officers certificate, opinion of counsel, certificate of auditors or any other certificate, statement, communication, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, consent, order, appraisal,
bond or other paper or document believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or sent by the proper Person or Persons, and shall be entitled to rely and shall be protected in relying on opinions and judgments of attorneys (who may be
attorneys for such Agent or any Credit Party), accountants, experts and other professional advisors selected by it; and (2) no Lender or any other person shall have any right of action whatsoever against any Agent as a result of such Agent
acting or (where so instructed) refraining from acting hereunder or any of the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the instructions of the Requisite Lenders (or such other Lenders as may be required to give such instructions hereunder) or
the Administrative Agent. For all purposes herein and the Transaction Documents, the Collateral Agent may accept and act upon instructions and consents provided by the Administrative Agent as if such instructions and consents were provided by the
Requisite Lenders directly. 

(c) Each Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers under this
Agreement or under any other Transaction Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by such Agent, provided that the Administrative Agent may do so only with the consent of the Borrower (not to be unreasonably withheld). Each
Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Affiliates (each also a sub-agent). The exculpatory, indemnification and other provisions of this
Section 10 shall apply to any Affiliates, receivers, delegates or sub-agents of the Agents and shall apply to their respective 

117 

activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein (in the case of the Syndication Agent) as well as any other activities as the Agents. All of the rights,
benefits, and privileges (including the exculpatory and indemnification provisions) of this Section 10 shall apply to any such sub-agent, receiver or delegate and to the Affiliates of any such sub-agent, receiver or delegate, and shall apply to
their respective activities as sub-agent, receiver or delegate as if such sub-agent, receiver or delegate and its respective Affiliates were named herein. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, with respect to each sub-agent appointed by
the Agents and each receiver and delegate, (1) such sub-agent, receiver or delegate shall be a third party beneficiary under this Agreement with respect to all such rights, benefits and privileges (including exculpatory rights and rights to
indemnification) and shall have all of the rights and benefits of a third party beneficiary, including an independent right of action to enforce such rights, benefits and privileges (including exculpatory rights and rights to indemnification)
directly, without the consent or joinder of any other Person, against any or all of Credit Parties and the Lenders, (2) such rights, benefits and privileges (including exculpatory rights and rights to indemnification) shall not be modified or
amended without the consent of such sub-agent, receiver or delegate, and (3) such sub-agent, receiver or delegate shall only have obligations to the respective Agent and not to any Credit Party, Lender or any other Person and no Credit Party,
Lender or any other Person shall have any rights, directly or indirectly, as a third party beneficiary or otherwise, against such sub-agent, receiver or delegate. The Agents shall not be responsible for the conduct of such sub-agents, receivers,
delegates or attorneys appointed by them with due care. 

(d) No Agent shall be deemed to have knowledge of any Default, Event of
Default or Make-Whole Event unless and until written notice describing such circumstance or event is given to an Authorized Officer of such Agent by the Borrower or a Lender and states that it is a notice of such circumstance or event. In the
absence of receipt of such notice, each Agent may conclusively assume that there is no Default, Event of Default or Make-Whole Event. Upon receipt of any such notice, the relevant Agent shall have no duty or obligation in connection therewith unless
and until directed by the Requisite Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Agents shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, to give such direction hereunder) or, with respect to directions
to the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Custodian or the Collateral Administrator, the Administrative Agent. No Agent shall have any duty to take any action to determine whether any such circumstance or event has occurred. Except as expressly
provided herein, delivery of reports, documents and other information to any Agent is for informational purposes only and such Agents receipt of the foregoing shall not constitute constructive knowledge of any event or circumstance or any
information contained therein or determinable from information contained therein or any other related document. Except with respect to written notices of Defaults and Events of Default of which an Authorized Officer of the applicable Agent has
actual knowledge, information contained in notices, reports or other documents delivered to such Agent and other publicly available information shall not constitute actual or constructive knowledge. In the absence of receipt of such notice or
knowledge, the applicable Agent may conclusively assume that there is no Default or Event of Default. Knowledge of notices or other documents delivered to any Agent in any capacity shall not constitute knowledge of or delivery to (1) such Agent
in any other capacity under the Transaction Documents or to any Affiliate or other division of such Agent or (2) any other Agent. The Collateral Agent, the Collateral Custodian and the Collateral Administrator shall not have any duty,
obligation or liability to access the Transaction Data Room unless directed to do so by the Requisite Lenders or the Administrative Agent. 

(e) The powers conferred on the Collateral Agent under the Transaction Documents are solely to protect the Secured Parties
interests in the Collateral, shall not impose any duty upon the Collateral Agent to exercise any such powers and are subject to the provisions of this Agreement. Neither the Collateral Agent nor the Collateral Administrator nor any of their
respective officers, directors, employees or agents shall be responsible for any act or failure to act, except for gross negligence or willful misconduct, as determined by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction.
Neither the Collateral Agent nor the Collateral Administrator shall have any responsibility for taking any necessary steps to protect, preserve or exercise rights against any Person with respect to any of the Collateral (except to the extent
expressly required in this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party) and in the case of the Collateral Agent shall be relieved of all responsibility for the Collateral upon surrendering it to the Borrower in accordance
with the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the other Transaction Documents. 

118 

(f) Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement or the other Transaction
Documents to the contrary, no Agent shall have any obligation to take any discretionary action under this Agreement or any Transaction Document and before taking or omitting any action to be taken or omitted by an Agent under the terms of this
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, such Agent may seek the written direction of the Requisite Lenders or, solely with respect to direction to a Bank Party or a Collateral Administrator Party, the Administrative Agent (which written
direction may be in the form of an e-mail), and such Agent shall be entitled to rely (and shall be fully protected in so relying) upon such direction. The Agents shall not be liable with respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in
accordance with such direction. In absence of such direction with respect to any action or inaction, such Agent shall be entitled to refrain from such action unless and until such Agent shall have received such direction, and such Agent shall not
incur liability to any Person by reason of so refraining. In the absence of an express statement in the Transaction Documents regarding which Lender shall direct in any circumstance, the direction of the Requisite Lenders shall apply and be
sufficient for all purposes. Any provision of this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents authorizing any Agent to take any action shall not obligate such Agent to take such action. 

(g) No Agent shall have any obligation whatsoever to any Lender or to any other Person to assure that the Collateral exists or is owned
by the Person purporting to own it or is cared for, protected, or insured or has been encumbered or that the Liens granted to the Collateral Agent herein or pursuant to the Transaction Documents have been properly or sufficiently or lawfully
created, perfected, protected, or enforced, or are entitled to any particular priority. No Agent shall be responsible for or have a duty to ascertain or inquire into any representation or warranty regarding the existence, value or collectability of
the Collateral, the existence, priority or perfection of the Collateral Agents Lien thereon, or any certificate prepared by any Credit Party in connection therewith, nor shall any Agent be responsible or liable for any failure to monitor or
maintain any portion of the Collateral or to protect against any diminution in value of the Collateral. 

(h) No Agent shall be
under any obligation to ascertain or to inquire as to the observance or performance of any of the agreements contained in, or conditions of, this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, or to inspect the properties, books or records of the
Borrower, any Affiliate thereof or any other Person. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in no event shall any Agent have any responsibility or liability with respect to any instrument, certificate or report furnished pursuant to the
Transaction Documents, or with respect to any calculations not expressly to be determined by such Agent. 

(i) No Agent shall ever
be required to use, risk, or advance its own funds or otherwise incur financial liability in the performance of any of its duties or the exercise of any of its rights and powers under this Agreement or under the other Transaction Documents (and,
without limiting the foregoing, no Agent, in its capacity as such, shall have any obligation to grant any credit extension or to make any advance hereunder). In no event shall any Agent be liable, directly or indirectly, for any special, punitive,
indirect or consequential damages (including lost profits), even if such Agent has been advised of the possibility of such damages and regardless of the form of action. No Agent shall be responsible for delays or failures in performance resulting
from acts beyond its control. Such acts shall include but not be limited to acts of God, strikes, lockouts, riots, acts of war, epidemics, governmental regulations superimposed after the fact, fire, communication line failures, computer viruses,
power failures, earthquakes, terrorist attacks or other disasters. 

(j) Each Agent shall be fully justified in failing or refusing
to take any action under any Transaction Document unless it shall first receive written direction of the Requisite Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Agents shall believe in good faith shall
be necessary, to give such advice or concurrence hereunder or thereunder) or, solely with respect to a Bank Party or a Collateral Administrator Party, the Administrative Agent (and shall not be liable for any loss or expense that arises as a result
of its failure to act while awaiting such advice or 

119 

concurrence) and, if it so requests, it shall first be indemnified to its satisfaction by the Requisite Lenders (or such other Lenders) against any and all liability and expense which may be
incurred by it by reason of taking or continuing to take, or omitting to take any such action. 

(k) Each Agent shall be entitled to
consult with and rely upon advice of counsel concerning legal matters and such advice shall be full protection and authorization for any action taken or omitted by such Agent in good faith thereon. 

(l) In connection with the delivery of any information to any Agent by the Investment Manager, a Borrower Entity or any other Person to
be used by such Agent in connection with the preparation or distribution of calculations or reports or the performance or other duties under the Transaction Documents, such Agent is entitled to conclusively rely on the accuracy of any such
information and shall not be required to investigate or reconfirm its accuracy and shall not be liable in any manner whatsoever for any errors, inaccuracies or incorrect information resulting from the use of such information. 

(m) If any Agent shall require any information to perform its duties under the Transaction Documents, the Borrower shall provide, or
shall instruct the Investment Manager to provide, such information to such Agent promptly upon request, in each case so long as such information is within the possession of the Borrower or the Investment Manager and is able to be delivered without
breaching any obligations of confidentiality or other contractual or similar restrictions. 

(n) At any time and from time to time,
the Collateral Agent or the Collateral Administrator may request information from the Administrative Agent as to the identity of the Requisite Lenders or any other Lender, and the Administrative Agent will endeavor to provide such information
reasonably promptly. The Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator shall be entitled to fully rely on such information from the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator shall have no duty, obligation or
liability with respect to the identity or amount of Loans held by any Lender or the calculation of the Requisite Lenders. Without limiting the foregoing, the Collateral Agent shall be entitled to request and receive from the Administrative Agent all
necessary information in respect of each Lender for purposes of making distributions to such Lender hereunder. The Collateral Agent shall have no liability for any failure or delay in taking any action hereunder as a result of a failure or delay on
the part of the Administrative Agent (or the related Lender) to provide such information to the Collateral Agent. 

(o) Each Agent
may conclusively rely, as to the truth of the statements and the correctness of the opinions expressed therein, upon any certificates or opinions furnished to such Agent and conforming to the requirements of this Agreement. 

(p) No Agent shall be liable for an error of judgment made in good faith unless it shall be finally proved that the Agent was negligent
in ascertaining the pertinent facts. 

(q) No Agent shall have any duty (1) to see to any recording, filing, or depositing of
this Agreement or any Transaction Documents referred to herein or any Financing Statement or continuation statement evidencing a security interest, or to see to the maintenance of any such recording or filing or depositing or to any rerecording,
refiling or redepositing of any thereof, (2) to see to any insurance or (3) to see to the payment or discharge of any tax, assessment, or other governmental charge or any lien or encumbrance of any kind owing with respect to, assessed or
levied in connection with this Agreement (except as set forth in Section 2.15). 

(r) No Agent nor any of its officers or
employees shall be required to ascertain whether any borrowing hereunder (or any amendment or termination of this Agreement) has been duly authorized or is in compliance with any other agreement to which the Borrower is a party (whether or not the
Agent is also a party to such other agreement). 

120 

(s) No Agent shall be required to give any bond or surety in respect of the execution
of this Agreement. 

(t) No Agent shall be obligated to monitor or confirm, on a continuing basis or otherwise, any Persons
compliance with the covenants described herein with respect to any reports or other documents filed under this Agreement or any other related document. 

(u) No Agent shall be under any obligation to exercise any of the rights vested in it by this Agreement or to enforce any remedy or
realize upon any of the Collateral unless (1) it has been directed to take such action by the Administrative Agent or the Requisite Lenders, and (2) it has been offered security or indemnity satisfactory to it against the costs, expenses
and liabilities (including fees and expenses of its agents and counsel) that might be incurred by it in compliance with such request or direction. No Agent shall be held liable for any action or inaction taken in accordance with the directions of
the Administrative Agent or the Requisite Lenders. 

(v) No Agent shall be liable for the actions or omissions of the Investment
Manager, and without limiting the foregoing, no Agent shall (except to the extent expressly provided in this Agreement) be under any obligation to monitor, evaluate or verify compliance by the Investment Manager with the terms hereof or the
Investment Management Agreement, or to verify or independently determine the accuracy of information received by it from the Investment Manager (or from any selling institution, agent bank, trustee or similar source) with respect to the Collateral
and no Agent shall have any additional duties following the resignation or removal of the Investment Manager. 

(w) No Agent shall
have any obligation to determine: (i) if a Collateral Obligation meets the criteria or eligibility restrictions imposed by this Agreement or other Transaction Document or (ii) whether the conditions specified in the definition of
Delivered under the Pledge and Security Agreement have been complied with. 

(x) In making or disposing of any
investment permitted by this Agreement, the Collateral Agent is authorized to deal with itself (in its individual capacity) or with any one or more of its Affiliates, whether it or such Affiliate is acting as a subagent of the Collateral Agent or
for any third person or dealing as principal for its own account. If otherwise qualified an Eligible Investment, obligations of the Bank or any of its Affiliates shall qualify as Eligible Investments hereunder. 

10.4. Agents Entitled to Act as Lender. 

The agency hereby created shall in no way impair or affect any of the rights and powers of, or impose any duties or obligations upon, any Agent
in its individual capacity as a Lender hereunder. With respect to its participation in the Loans (if any), each Agent shall have the same rights and powers hereunder as any other Lender and may exercise the same as if it were not performing the
duties and functions delegated to it hereunder, and the term Lender shall, unless the context clearly otherwise indicates, include any such Agent in its individual capacity. Any Agent and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend
money to, own securities of, and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust, financial advisory or other business with any Credit Party or any of their respective Affiliates as if it were not performing the duties specified herein, and may
accept fees and other consideration from the Borrower for services in connection herewith and otherwise without having to account for the same to Lenders. 

10.5. Lenders Representations, Warranties and Acknowledgment. 

(a) Each Lender represents and warrants that it has made its own independent investigation, without reliance upon any Agent or any other
Person, of the financial condition and affairs of the Credit Parties in connection with Credit Extensions hereunder and that it has made and shall continue to make its own appraisal of the creditworthiness of the Credit Parties. No Agent shall have
any duty or responsibility, either initially or on a continuing basis, to make any investigation or appraisal on behalf of 

121 

Lenders or to provide any Lender with any credit or other information with respect thereto, and no Agent shall have any responsibility with respect to the accuracy of or the completeness of any
information provided to Lenders. 

(b) Each Lender, by delivering its signature page to this Agreement or an Assignment Agreement
and funding its Loans on the Initial Credit Date, shall be deemed to have acknowledged receipt of, and consented to and approved, each Transaction Document and each other document required to be approved by the Requisite Lenders or Lenders or
delivered to any Agent, as applicable, on the Initial Credit Date. 

(c) Each Lender hereby represents and warrants to the Borrower that it is a Qualified Purchaser.

10.6. Right to Indemnity. 

Each Lender, in proportion to its Pro Rata Share (or, if no Loans or Commitments are outstanding, the Pro Rata Share most recently in effect),
severally agrees to indemnify each Agent, to the extent that such Agent shall not have been reimbursed by any Credit Party, for and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, fees, costs,
expenses (including counsel fees and disbursements) or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever which may be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against such Agent in exercising its powers, rights and remedies or performing its duties
hereunder or under the other Transaction Documents or otherwise in its capacity as such Agent in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents or the use of proceeds thereof; provided that no Lender
shall be liable for any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements resulting from such Agents gross negligence or willful misconduct, as determined by a
final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. If any indemnity furnished to any Agent for any purpose shall, in the opinion of such Agent, be insufficient or become impaired, such Agent may call for additional indemnity and
cease, or not commence, to do the acts indemnified against until such additional indemnity is furnished; provided that (1) in no event shall this sentence require any Lender to indemnify any Agent against any liability, obligation, loss,
damage, penalty, action, judgment, suit, cost, expense or disbursement in excess of such Lenders Pro Rata Share thereof; and (2) this sentence shall not be deemed to require any Lender to indemnify any Agent against any liability,
obligation, loss, damage, penalty, action, judgment, suit, cost, expense or disbursement described in the proviso in the immediately preceding sentence. The foregoing shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the resignation or removal of
an Agent. 

10.7. Successor Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent. 

(a) The Administrative Agent shall have the right to resign at any time by giving prior written notice thereof to the Agents, the
Lenders and the Borrower, and the Administrative Agent may be removed at any time with or without cause by an instrument or concurrent instruments in writing delivered to the Agents, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent and signed by the
Requisite Lenders. The Requisite Lenders shall have the right to appoint a financial institution to act as the Administrative Agent hereunder, subject to (unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing) the consent of the Borrower, and
the Administrative Agents resignation shall become effective, and the Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its obligations and duties hereunder, on the earliest of (1) 30 days after delivery of the notice of resignation or
removal (regardless of whether a successor has been appointed or not), (2) the acceptance of appointment by such successor Administrative Agent by the Requisite Lenders or (3) such other date, if any, agreed to by the Requisite Lenders. If
the Requisite Lenders shall not have appointed a successor Administrative Agent with the consent of the Borrower (if so required) by the end of the period specified above, then the Requisite Lenders shall be deemed to have succeeded to and become
vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the resigning Administrative Agent. Upon the acceptance of any appointment as the Administrative Agent hereunder by a successor Administrative Agent, that successor Administrative Agent
shall thereupon succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the resigning or removed Administrative Agent and the 

122 

resigning or removed Administrative Agent shall promptly transfer to such successor Administrative Agent all records and other documents necessary or appropriate in connection with the
performance of the duties of the successor Administrative Agent under the Transaction Documents. After any resigning or removed Administrative Agents resignation or removal hereunder as the Administrative Agent, the provisions of this
Agreement shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was the Administrative Agent hereunder. 

(b) The Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator (each, a Specified Person) may resign at any time by
giving prior written notice thereof to the Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, and each Specified Person may be removed at any time upon at least 30 days notice with or without cause by an instrument or concurrent instruments
in writing delivered to the Borrower and such Specified Person signed by the Requisite Lenders. The Requisite Lenders shall have the right to appoint a financial institution (or, in the case of the Collateral Administrator, another entity acceptable
to them) as a successor Specified Person hereunder, subject to (unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing) the consent of the Borrower, and each Specified Persons resignation shall become effective, and such Specified Person
shall be discharged from its obligations and duties hereunder, on the earliest of (1) 30 days after delivery of the notice of resignation or removal (regardless of whether a successor been appointed or not), (2) the acceptance of
appointment by such successor Specified Person (which shall be no earlier than 30 days after delivery of such notice of resignation or removal unless agreed to by the Requisite Lenders and the removed Specified Person) or (3) such other date,
if any, agreed to by the Requisite Lenders and the removed Specified Person. Until a successor Specified Person is appointed, any Collateral or other property held by a Specified Person on behalf of the Secured Parties under any of the Transaction
Documents shall continue to be held by the resigning or removed Specified Person as bailee until such time as a successor Specified Person is appointed (all costs and expenses incurred by such resigning or removed Specified Person for holding such
Collateral shall be paid by the Borrower). Each Specified Person shall have the right, at the cost and expense of the Borrower, to petition a court of competent jurisdiction regarding the delivery of any Collateral or other property it holds as
bailee. Upon the acceptance of any appointment as Specified Person hereunder by a successor Specified Person, such successor Specified Person shall thereupon succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the
resigning or removed Specified Person under this Agreement and the Transaction Documents, and the resigning or removed Specified Person shall promptly (x) transfer to such successor Specified Person all Collateral or other property held
hereunder or under the Transaction Documents, together with all records and other documents necessary or appropriate in connection with the performance of the duties of the successor Specified Person under this Agreement and the Transaction
Documents, and (y) execute and deliver to such successor Specified Person or otherwise authorize the filing of such amendments to Financing Statements, and take such other actions, as may be requested by the Requisite Lenders (and at the cost
and expense of the Borrower) in connection with the assignment to such successor Specified Person of the security interests created under the Transaction Documents. After any resigning or removed Specified Persons resignation or removal
hereunder as such Specified Person, the provisions of this Agreement and the Transaction Documents shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it under this Agreement or the Transaction Documents while it was such
Specified Person hereunder. 

(c) Any Person into which any Agent may be merged or converted or with which it may be consolidated,
or any Person resulting from any merger, conversion or consolidation to which such Agent shall be a party, or any Person succeeding to the corporate trust services business of such Agent shall be the successor of such Agent hereunder without the
execution or filing of any paper with any party hereto or any further act on the part of any of the parties hereto. 

10.8.
Collateral Documents. 

(a) Agents under Collateral Documents. Each Secured Party hereby further authorizes the
Collateral Agent on behalf of and for the benefit of the Secured Parties, to be the agent for and representative of Secured Parties with respect to the Collateral and the Collateral Documents. Subject to Section 11.5, without further written
consent or authorization from any Secured Party, the Administrative Agent and/or the Collateral Agent (at the direction of the Administrative Agent) is authorized 

123 

to and shall execute any documents or instruments requested by either (1) the Borrower (and at the cost and expense of the Borrower) in connection with an Acquisition or Disposition of
assets permitted by this Agreement and the release of any Lien encumbering any item of Collateral that is the subject of such Disposition or (2) or otherwise consented to by the Requisite Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the
Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Agents shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, to give such request or direction hereunder) in connection with any other Disposition of assets in accordance with this Agreement; provided that,
in the case of clause (1), the Borrower shall deliver a certificate signed by an Authorized Officer of the Borrower to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent stating that such Acquisition or Disposition of assets is permitted by this
Agreement and the Transaction Documents and that the release of the Lien on such Collateral is authorized by the Transaction Documents (which certificate shall be deemed to have been provided upon the delivery by the Borrower (or the Investment
Manager on its behalf) of a Borrower Order in respect of such Acquisition or Disposition), and in the case of clause (2), the Borrower shall deliver a certificate signed by an Authorized Officer of the Borrower to the Administrative Agent and the
Collateral Agent stating that such consent of the Requisite Lenders has been received. The Collateral Agent shall have no obligation to review or verify whether the Borrower or the Investment Manager on its behalf has obtained and delivered (or made
available to the Transaction Data Room) the necessary Diligence Information and other Custody Documents required for purchases of Collateral Obligations hereunder, and the Collateral Agent shall have no obligation to maintain the Transaction Data
Room on behalf of the Borrower. 

(b)Right to Realize on Collateral. Notwithstanding anything contained in the
Transaction Documents to the contrary, the Credit Parties, the Agents and each other Secured Party hereby agree that (1) no Secured Party (other than the Collateral Agent) shall have any right to realize upon any of the Collateral, it being
understood and agreed that all such powers, rights and remedies hereunder and under any of the Transaction Documents may be exercised solely by the Collateral Agent (at the written direction of the Requisite Lenders) for the benefit of the Secured
Parties in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, and (2) in the event of a foreclosure or similar enforcement action by the Collateral Agent (at the written direction of the Requisite Lenders) on any of the Collateral pursuant to a
public or private sale or other Disposition (including pursuant to Section 363(k), Section 1129(b)(2)(a)(ii) or otherwise of the Bankruptcy Code or under any analogous provisions of any other Debtor Relief Law), the Collateral Agent (or
any Lender, except with respect to a credit bid pursuant to Section 363(k), Section 1129(b)(2)(a)(ii) or otherwise of the Bankruptcy Code or such other Debtor Relief Law) may be the purchaser or licensor of any or all of such
Collateral at any such Disposition and the Collateral Agent, as agent for and representative of Secured Parties (but not any Lender or Lenders in its or their respective individual capacities) shall be entitled, upon instructions from the Requisite
Lenders, for the purpose of bidding and making settlement or payment of the purchase price for all or any portion of the Collateral sold at any such Disposition, to use and apply any of the Obligations as a credit on account of the purchase price
for any collateral payable by the Collateral Agent at such Disposition. 

(c)Release of Collateral, Termination of
Transaction Documents; Etc. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or any other Transaction Document, when all Obligations (other than contingent Obligations for which no claim has been asserted) have been paid in full and all
Commitments have terminated or expired (as evidenced by an executed payoff letter and confirmation from the Administrative Agent of the receipt of such payoff amounts), the security interest created hereunder and under the other Collateral Documents
and all guarantee obligations under the Transaction Documents shall automatically terminate and the Collateral Agent shall (at the sole cost and expense of the Borrower) take such actions as shall be requested in writing by the Borrower to effect
such release of its security interest in all Collateral and to release all guarantee obligations provided for in any Transaction Document. The Borrower shall prepare any such documentation at its expense and shall be responsible for the costs and
expenses of the Collateral Agent (including legal fees and expenses) in connection with any release under this clause (c). Any such release of guarantee obligations shall be deemed subject to the provision that such guarantee obligations shall be
reinstated if after such release any portion of any payment in respect of the Obligations guaranteed thereby shall be rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned upon the insolvency, bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation or reorganization of
any Credit Party, or upon or as a result of the appointment of a receiver, intervenor or conservator of, or trustee or similar officer for, any Credit Party or any substantial part of its property, or otherwise, all as though such payment had not
been made. 

124 

10.9. Withholding Taxes. 

To the extent required by any applicable law, the Administrative Agent may withhold from any payment to any Lender an amount equivalent to any
applicable withholding Tax. Without duplication of the provisions of Section 2.15(g), if the Internal Revenue Service or any other Governmental Authority asserts a claim that the Administrative Agent did not properly withhold Tax from amounts
paid to or for the account of any Lender because the appropriate form was not delivered or was not properly executed or because such Lender failed to notify the Administrative Agent of a change in circumstance which rendered the exemption from, or
reduction of, withholding Tax ineffective or for any other reason, or if the Administrative Agent reasonably determines that a payment was made to a Lender pursuant to this Agreement without deduction of applicable withholding Tax from such payment,
such Lender shall indemnify the Administrative Agent fully for all amounts paid, directly or indirectly, by the Administrative Agent as Tax or otherwise, together with all expenses (including legal expenses, allocated internal costs and
out-of-pocket expenses) incurred. 

10.10. Administrative Agent May File Bankruptcy Disclosure and Proofs of Claim. 

In case of the pendency of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws relative to any Credit Party, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of
whether the principal of any Loan shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered (but
not obligated) by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise: 

(a) to file a verified statement pursuant to rule 2019 of the
Federal Rules of Bankruptcy Procedure that complies with such rules disclosure requirements for entities representing more than one creditor; 

(b) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans and all other
Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders and the Agents (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and
advances of the Agents and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders and the Agents under Transaction Documents allowed in such judicial proceeding); and 

(c) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same, and any
custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, if the Administrative Agent shall
consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Agents and their respective agents and counsel, and any
other amounts due to the Agents under the Transaction Documents. To the extent that the payment of any such compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Agents, their agents and counsel, and any other amounts due to the Agents under the
Transaction Documents out of the estate in any such proceeding shall be denied for any reason, payment of the same shall be secured by a Lien on, and shall be paid out of, any and all distributions, dividends, money, securities and other properties
that the Lenders may be entitled to receive in such proceeding whether in liquidation or under any plan of reorganization or arrangement or otherwise. 

Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize any Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender any plan
of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or to authorize any Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender in any such proceeding. 

125 

SECTION 11. MISCELLANEOUS 

11.1. Notices. 

(a)Notices Generally. Any notice or other communication herein required or permitted to be given to a Credit Party, the
Collateral Agent or the Administrative Agent, shall be sent to such Persons address as set forth on Appendix B or in the other relevant Transaction Document, and in the case of any Lender, the address as indicated on Appendix B or otherwise
indicated to the Administrative Agent in writing. Except as otherwise set forth in Section 3.2(b) or paragraph (b) below, each notice hereunder shall be in writing and may be personally served or sent by electronic mail or United States
mail or courier service and shall be deemed to have been given when delivered in person or by courier service and signed for against receipt thereof, upon receipt of electronic mail or .pdf or similar files, or three Business Days after depositing
it in the United States mail with postage prepaid and properly addressed; provided that (1) no notice to any Agent shall be effective until received by such Agent; (2) any such notice or other communication shall at the request of
the Administrative Agent be provided to any sub-agent appointed pursuant to Section 10.3(c) as designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time; and (3) any such notice or other communication to the Administrative Agent, Collateral
Agent, Collateral Custodian or Collateral Administrator may be made via SWIFT. 

(b) Electronic Communications. 

(1) Notices and other communications to any Agent and Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic
communication (including e mail and Internet or intranet websites, including the Platform) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent, provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Agent or any Lender pursuant
to Section 2 if such Person has notified the Administrative Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Section by electronic communication. The Administrative Agent or the Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices
and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it, provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. Unless the Administrative Agent
otherwise prescribes, (x) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the senders receipt of an acknowledgment from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested
function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgment), provided that if such notice or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have
been sent at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient, and (y) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its
e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (x) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor. 

(2) Each Credit Party understands that the distribution of material through an electronic medium is not necessarily
secure and that there are confidentiality and other risks associated with such distribution and agrees and assumes the risks associated with such electronic distribution, except to the extent caused by the willful misconduct or gross negligence of
the Administrative Agent, as determined by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. 

(3)
The Platform and any Approved Electronic Communications are provided as is and as available. None of the Agents or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, advisors or representatives (the
Agent Affiliates) warrant the 

126 

accuracy, adequacy, or completeness of the Approved Electronic Communications or the Platform and each expressly disclaims liability for errors or omissions in the Platform and the Approved
Electronic Communications. No warranty of any kind, express, implied or statutory, including any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement of third party rights or freedom from viruses or other code defects is
made by the Agent Affiliates in connection with the Platform or the Approved Electronic Communications. In no event shall the Agent Affiliates have any liability to the Borrower or the other Credit Parties, any Lender or any other Person or entity
for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of the Borrowers, any Credit Partys or the Administrative
Agents transmission of communications through the Platform. 

(4) Each Credit Party, each Lender and each Agent
agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, store any Approved Electronic Communications on the Platform in accordance with the Administrative Agents customary document retention procedures and policies. 

11.2. Expenses. 

Whether or not the initial Credit Extension is made hereunder, the Borrower agrees to pay promptly (a) all the actual, reasonable and
documented costs and out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with the negotiation, preparation and execution of the Transaction Documents and any consents, amendments, waivers or other modifications thereto; (b) all the costs of
furnishing all opinions by counsel for the Borrower and the other Credit Parties; (c) the actual, reasonable and documented fees, expenses and disbursements of counsel to the Agents (in each case not including allocated costs of internal
counsel, but including special New York counsel to the Administrative Agent) in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and administration of the Transaction Documents and any consents, amendments, waivers or other modifications
thereto and any other documents or matters requested by the Borrower; (d) all the actual, reasonable and documented costs and out-of-pocket expenses of creating, perfecting, recording, maintaining and preserving Liens in favor of the Collateral
Agent, for the benefit of Secured Parties, including filing and recording fees, expenses and taxes, stamp or documentary taxes, search fees, title insurance premiums and reasonable fees, expenses and disbursements of counsel to each Agent and of
counsel providing any opinions that any Agent or the Requisite Lenders may request in respect of the Collateral or the Liens created pursuant to the Collateral Documents; (e) all the actual, reasonable and documented costs and out-of-pocket
expenses and disbursements of any auditors, accountants, consultants or appraisers; (f) all the actual, reasonable and documented costs and out-of-pocket expenses (including the reasonable fees, out-of-pocket expenses and disbursements of any
appraisers, consultants, advisors and agents employed or retained by the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Custodian, the Collateral Administrator and their respective counsel) in connection with the custody or preservation of any of the Collateral;
(g) all other actual, reasonable and documented costs and out-of-pocket expenses incurred by each Agent in connection with the syndication of the Loans and Commitments and the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and any
consents, amendments, waivers or other modifications thereto and (h) after the occurrence of a Default or an Event of Default, all actual, reasonable and documented costs and out-of-pocket expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees
(not including allocated costs of internal counsel) and costs of settlement, incurred by any Agent and the Lenders in enforcing any Obligations of or in collecting any payments due from any Credit Party hereunder or under the other Transaction
Documents by reason of such Default or Event of Default (including in connection with the sale, lease or license of, collection from, or other realization upon any of the Collateral) or in connection with any refinancing or restructuring of the
credit arrangements provided hereunder in the nature of a work out or pursuant to any insolvency or bankruptcy cases or proceedings. 

This Section 11.2 shall survive the termination of the Agreement and the resignation or removal of the Agents. 

127 

11.3. Indemnity. 

(a) In addition to the payment of expenses pursuant to Section 11.2, whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby shall be
consummated, the Borrower agrees to defend (subject to Indemnitees selection of counsel), indemnify, pay and hold harmless, each Agent and Lender and each of their respective officers, partners, members, directors, trustees, advisors,
employees, agents, sub-agents and affiliates (each, an Indemnitee), from and against any and all Indemnified Liabilities pursuant to the Priority of Payments. To the extent that the
undertakings to defend, indemnify, pay and hold harmless set forth in this Section 11.3 may be unenforceable in whole or in part because they are violative of any law or public policy, the Borrower shall contribute the maximum portion that it is
permitted to pay and satisfy under applicable law to the payment and satisfaction of all Indemnified Liabilities incurred by Indemnitees or any of them pursuant to the Priority of Payments. This Section 11.3(a) shall not apply with respect to Taxes
other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, or similar amounts arising from any non-Tax claim. 

(b) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Borrower shall not assert, and the Borrower hereby waives, any claim against
each Lender and each Agent and their respective Affiliates, directors, employees, attorneys, agents or sub-agents, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as
opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Transaction Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or any
Loan, or the use of the proceeds thereof. None of any Lender or any Agent or any of their respective Affiliates, directors, employees, attorneys, agents or sub-agents shall be liable for any damages arising
from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed by it through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents or
the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby. 

(c) The Borrower also agrees that no Lender or Agent nor their respective
Affiliates, directors, employees, attorneys, agents or sub-agents will have any liability to the Borrower or any person asserting claims on behalf of or in right of the Borrower or any other person in
connection with or as a result of this Agreement or any Transaction Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby or referred to herein or therein, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan, or the use of the
proceeds thereof or any act or omission or event occurring in connection therewith, in each case, except to the extent that any losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses incurred by the Borrower or its affiliates, shareholders, partners or
other equity holders have been found by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted directly from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Lender or Agent
or their respective Affiliates, directors, employees, attorneys, agents or sub-agents in performing its obligations under this Agreement or any Transaction Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated
hereby or thereby or referred to herein or therein; provided that in no event will such Lender or Agent, or their respective Affiliates, directors, employees, attorneys, agents or sub-agents have any
liability for any indirect, consequential, special or punitive damages in connection with or as a result of such Lenders or Agents, or their respective Affiliates, directors, employees, attorneys, agents or sub-agents activities related to this Agreement, any Transaction Document, or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby or referred to herein or therein. 

(d) This Section 11.3 shall survive the termination of the Agreement and the resignation or removal of the Agents. 

11.4. Set-Off.

In addition to any rights now or hereafter granted under applicable law and not by way of limitation of any such rights, upon the occurrence of
any Event of Default each Lender is hereby authorized by each Specified Credit Party at any time or from time to time subject to the consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), without notice to any
Specified Credit Party or to any other Person (other than the Administrative Agent), any such notice being 

128 

hereby expressly waived, to set off and to appropriate and to apply any and all deposits (general or special, including indebtedness evidenced by certificates of deposit, whether matured or
unmatured, but not including trust accounts) and any other indebtedness at any time held or owing by such Lender to or for the credit or the account of any Specified Credit Party against and on account of the obligations and liabilities of any
Specified Credit Party to such Lender hereunder and under the Transaction Documents, including all claims of any nature or description arising out of or connected hereto and participations therein or with any other Transaction Document, irrespective
of whether or not (a) such Lender shall have made any demand hereunder or (b) the principal of or the interest on the Loans or any other amounts due hereunder shall have become due and payable pursuant to Section 2 and although such obligations and
liabilities, or any of them, may be contingent or unmatured; provided that, if any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff, (1) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further
application in accordance with the provisions of Sections 2.12 and 2.17 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the
Lenders, and (y) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff. The rights of each
Lender and their respective Affiliates under this Section 11.4 are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that such Lender or their respective Affiliates may have. 

11.5. Amendments and Waivers. 

(a) Requisite Lenders and Investment Manager Consent. Subject to the additional requirements of Sections 11.5(b) and 11.5(c)
and the proviso below, no amendment, modification, termination or waiver of any provision of this Agreement, or consent to any departure by the Borrower therefrom, shall in any event be effective without the written concurrence of the Requisite
Lenders and the Investment Manager; provided that (i) the Administrative Agent may, with the consent of the Borrower only, amend, modify or supplement this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or
inconsistency (as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent), so long as such amendment, modification or supplement does not adversely affect the rights of any Lender or the Lenders shall have received at least five Business Days prior
written notice thereof and the Administrative Agent shall not have received, within five Business Days of the date of such notice to the Lenders, a written notice from the Requisite Lenders stating that the Requisite Lenders object to such amendment
and (ii) the Administrative Agent may, in its sole and absolute discretion, consent to any action or omission as set forth in this Agreement and may grant waivers, concessions and other indulgences in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

(b) Unanimous Lenders Consent. Without the written consent of each Lender, no amendment, modification, termination, or
consent shall be effective if the effect thereof would: 

(1) extend the scheduled final maturity of any Loan or Note;

(2) waive, reduce or postpone any scheduled repayment (but not prepayment); 

(3) reduce the rate of interest on any Loan, any fee or any Ancillary Amount payable to such Lender hereunder; 

(4) extend the time for payment of any such interest, fees or other Ancillary Amount payable to such Lender; 

(5) reduce the principal amount of any Loan; 

129 

(6) amend, modify, terminate or waive any provision of this Section
11.5(b), Section 11.5(c) or any other provision of this Agreement that expressly provides that the consent of all Lenders is required; 

(7) amend the definition of Requisite Lenders or Pro Rata Share; 

(8) release all or substantially all of the Collateral except as expressly provided in the Transaction Documents and
except in connection with a credit bid undertaken by the Collateral Agent at the direction of the Requisite Lenders pursuant to Section 363(k), Section 1129(b)(2)(a)(ii) or otherwise of the Bankruptcy Code or other analogous Debtor
Relief Law or other sale or disposition of assets in connection with an enforcement action with respect to the Collateral permitted pursuant to the Transaction Documents (in which case only the consent of the Requisite Lenders will be needed for
such release); or 

(9)
(10) consent to the assignment or
transfer by any Credit Party of any of its rights and obligations under any Transaction Document. 

(c) Other Consents.
Except as set forth in clause (a) above, no amendment, modification, termination or waiver of any provision of this Agreement, or consent to any departure by any Credit Party therefrom, shall amend, modify, terminate or waive any provision of this
Agreement as the same applies to any Agent, or any other provision hereof as the same applies to the rights or obligations of any Agent, in each case without the consent of such Agent, as applicable. 

(d) Execution of Amendments, Etc. The Administrative Agent may, but shall have no obligation to, with the concurrence of any
Lender, execute amendments, modifications, waivers or consents on behalf of such Lender. Any waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which it was given. No notice to or demand on any Credit
Party in any case shall entitle any Credit Party to any other or further notice or demand in similar or other circumstances. Any amendment, modification, termination, waiver or consent effected in accordance with this Section 11.5 shall be binding
upon each Lender at the time outstanding, each future Lender and, if signed by a Credit Party, on such Credit Party. 

(e) Cashless Settlement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, any Lender may exchange, continue
or rollover all or a portion of its Loans in connection with any refinancing, extension, loan modification or similar transaction permitted by the terms of this Agreement, pursuant to a cashless settlement mechanism approved by the Borrower, the
Administrative Agent and such Lender. 

11.6. Successors and Assigns; Participations. 

(a) Generally. This Agreement shall be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns and shall
inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and the successors and assigns of Lenders. Neither the Borrowers rights or obligations hereunder nor any interest therein may be assigned or delegated by the Borrower without the prior written consent
of all Lenders. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby,
Affiliates of each of the Agents and Lenders and other Indemnitees) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 

(b) Register. The Borrower, the Administrative Agent and Lenders shall deem and treat the Persons listed as Lenders in the
Register as the holders and owners of the corresponding Commitments and Loans listed therein for all purposes hereof, and no assignment or transfer of any such Commitment or Loan shall be effective, in each case, unless and until recorded in the
Register following receipt of a fully executed Assignment Agreement effecting the assignment or transfer thereof, together 

130 

with the required forms and certificates regarding tax matters and any fees payable in connection with such assignment, in each case, as provided in Section 11.6(d). Each assignment shall be
recorded in the Register promptly following receipt by the Administrative Agent of the fully executed Assignment Agreement and all other necessary documents and approvals, prompt notice thereof shall be provided to the Borrower and a copy of such
Assignment Agreement shall be maintained, as applicable. The date of such recordation of a transfer shall be referred to herein as the related Assignment Effective Date. Any request, authority or consent of any Person who, at the
time of making such request or giving such authority or consent, is listed in the Register as a Lender shall be conclusive and binding on any subsequent holder, assignee or transferee of the corresponding Commitments or Loans. 

(c) Right to Assign. Each Lender shall have the right at any time to sell, assign or transfer all or a portion of its rights and
obligations under this Agreement, including all or a portion of its Commitment or Loans owing to it or other Obligations (provided that pro rata assignments shall not be required and each assignment shall be of a uniform, and not varying,
percentage of all rights and obligations under and in respect of any applicable Loan and any related Commitments) to any Eligible Assignee upon the receipt of consent of the Administrative Agent (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or
delayed); provided that: 

(1) each such assignment pursuant to this Section 11.6(c) shall be in an aggregate
amount of not less than the lesser of (I) $2,500,000, (II) such lesser amount as agreed to by the Borrower and Administrative Agent or (III) the aggregate amount of the Loans and any related Commitments of the assigning Lender; and 

(2) no consent of the Administrative Agent or the Borrower shall be required for any assignment by Goldman Sachs (x)
pursuant to a consolidation or amalgamation with, or merger with or into, or transfer of all or substantially all its assets to, another entity (but without prejudice to any other right or remedy under this Agreement) (y) to any Affiliate of Goldman
Sachs, and 

(3) except as set forth in (2) above, the consent of the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably
withheld or delayed) shall be required unless (x) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, (y) the proposed assignee is a Person that, at the time of the assignment, is a Lender or (z) the proposed assignee is Goldman Sachs or an
Affiliate of Goldman Sachs at a time when neither Goldman Sachs nor an Affiliate of Goldman Sachs is a Lender and neither Goldman Sachs nor an Affiliate of Goldman Sachs was, immediately prior to ceasing to be a Lender hereunder, a Defaulting
Lender. 

(d) Mechanics. 

(1) Assignments and assumptions of Loans and Commitments by Lenders shall be effected by manual execution and delivery to
the Administrative Agent of an Assignment Agreement. Assignments made pursuant to the foregoing provision shall be effective as of the Assignment Effective Date. In connection with all assignments there shall be delivered to the Administrative Agent
such forms, certificates or other evidence, if any, with respect to United States federal income tax withholding matters as the assignee under such Assignment Agreement may be required to deliver pursuant to Section 2.15(c), together with payment to
the Administrative Agent of a registration and processing fee of $3,500 (except that no such registration and processing fee shall be payable (y) in connection with an assignment by or to Goldman Sachs or any Affiliate thereof or (z) in the case of
an assignee that is already a Lender or is an affiliate of a Lender or a Person under common management with a Lender). 

(2) In connection with any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder, no such assignment
shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment shall 

131 

make such additional payments to the Administrative Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee of
participations or subparticipations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with the consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, the applicable Pro Rata Share of Loans previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting
Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (x) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent and each other Lender hereunder (and
interest accrued thereon), and (y) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full Pro Rata Share of all Loans. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become effective under
applicable law without compliance with the provisions of this paragraph, then the assignee of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs. 

(e) Representations and Warranties of Assignee. Each Lender, upon execution and delivery hereof or upon succeeding to an interest
in the Commitments and Loans, as the case may be, represents and warrants as of the Initial Credit Date or as of the Assignment Effective Date that (1) it is an Eligible Assignee (or, if not an Eligible Assignee, it is a Qualified Purchaser and the assignment to it is permitted under
this Section 11.6); (2) it has experience and expertise in the making of or investing in commitments or loans such as the applicable Commitments or Loans, as the case may be; (3) it will make or invest in, as the case may be, its Commitments or
Loans for its own account in the ordinary course and without a view to distribution of such Commitments or Loans within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act or other federal securities laws (it being understood that, subject to the
provisions of this Section 11.6, the disposition of such Commitments or Loans or any interests therein shall at all times remain within its exclusive control); and (4) it will not provide any information obtained by it in its capacity as a Lender to
the Equity Holder or any Affiliate of the Equity Holder. 

(f) Effect of Assignment. Subject to the terms and
conditions of this Section 11.6, as of the Assignment Effective Date (1) the assignee thereunder shall have the rights and obligations of a Lender hereunder to the extent of its interest in the Loans and Commitments as reflected in the
Register and shall thereafter be a party hereto and a Lender for all purposes hereof; (2) the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent that rights and obligations hereunder have been assigned to the assignee, relinquish its
rights (other than any rights which survive the termination hereof under Section 11.8) and be released from its obligations hereunder (and, in the case of an assignment covering all or the remaining portion of an assigning Lenders rights and
obligations hereunder, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto on the Assignment Effective Date; provided that, anything contained in any of the Transaction Documents to the contrary notwithstanding, such assigning Lender shall continue
to be entitled to the benefit of all indemnities hereunder as specified herein with respect to matters arising out of the prior involvement of such assigning Lender as a Lender hereunder); (3) the Commitments shall be modified to reflect any
Commitment of such assignee; and (4) if any such assignment occurs after the issuance of any Note hereunder, the assigning Lender shall, upon the effectiveness of such assignment or as promptly thereafter as practicable, surrender its applicable
Notes to the Administrative Agent for cancellation, and thereupon the Borrower shall issue and deliver new Notes, if so requested by the assignee and/or assigning Lender, to such assignee and/or to such assigning Lender, with appropriate insertions,
to reflect the new outstanding Loans of the assignee and/or the assigning Lender. 

(g) Participations. 

(1) Each Lender shall have the right at any time to sell one or more participations to any Person (other than a Credit
Party, any Affiliate of a Credit Party, a Competitor or any Natural Person) in all or any part of its Commitments, Loans or in any other Obligation. Each Lender that sells a participation pursuant to this Section 11.6(g) shall, acting solely for
U.S. federal income tax purposes as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it records the name and address of each participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of
each participants 

132 

participation interest with respect to the Loans (each, a Participant Register); provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the
Participant Register to any Person (including the identity of any participant or any information relating to a participants interest in any Commitments, Loans or its other obligations under this Agreement) except to the extent that the
relevant parties, acting reasonably and in good faith, determine that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Commitment, Loan or other Obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of
the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of a participation
with respect to the Loan for all purposes under this Agreement, notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as the Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for
maintaining a Participant Register. 

(2) The holder of any such participation, other than an Affiliate of the Lender
granting such participation, shall not be entitled to require such Lender to take or omit to take any action hereunder except with respect to any amendment, modification or waiver that would (A) extend the final scheduled maturity of any Loan, or
Note in which such participant is participating, or reduce the rate or extend the time of payment of interest or fees thereon (except in connection with a waiver of applicability of any post-default increase in interest rates) or reduce the
principal amount thereof, or increase the amount of the participants participation over the amount thereof then in effect (it being understood that a waiver of any Default or Event of Default or of a mandatory reduction in the Commitment shall
not constitute a change in the terms of such participation, and that an increase in any Commitment or Loan shall be permitted without the consent of any participant if the participants participation is not increased as a result thereof), (B)
consent to the assignment or transfer by any Credit Party of any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement or (C) release all or substantially all of the Collateral under the Collateral Documents (in each case, except as expressly provided
in the Transaction Documents) supporting the Loans hereunder in which such participant is participating. 

(3) The
Borrower agrees that each participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.13(c), 2.14 and 2.15 to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (c) of this Section;
provided that (x) a participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 2.14 or 2.15 than the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such participant, except
to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after such participant acquired the participation or unless the sale of the participation to such participant is made with the Borrowers prior
written consent; (y) a participant shall not be entitled to the benefits of Section 2.15 unless the Borrower is notified of the participation sold to such participant and such participant agrees, for the benefit of the Borrower, to comply with
Section 2.15 as though it were a Lender; and (z) except as specifically set forth in clauses (x) and (y) of this sentence, nothing herein shall require any notice to the Borrower or any other Person in connection with the sale of any participation.
To the extent permitted by law, each participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 11.4 as though it were a Lender, provided that such participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.12 as though it were a Lender. 

(h) Certain Other Assignments and Participations. In addition to any other assignment or participation permitted pursuant to this
Section 11.6 any Lender may assign, pledge and/or grant a security interest in all or any portion of its Loans, the other Obligations owed by or to such Lender, and its Notes, if any, to secure obligations of such Lender including any Federal
Reserve Bank as collateral security pursuant to Regulation A and any operating circular issued by such Federal Reserve Bank; provided that (1) no Lender, as between the Borrower and such Lender, shall be relieved of any of 

133 

its obligations hereunder as a result of any such assignment and pledge, and (2) in no event shall the applicable Federal Reserve Bank, pledgee or trustee, be considered to be a
Lender or be entitled to require the assigning Lender to take or omit to take any action hereunder. 

11.7. Independence of Covenants. 

All covenants hereunder shall be given independent effect so that if a particular action or condition is not permitted by any of such
covenants, the fact that it would be permitted by an exception to, or would otherwise be within the limitations of, another covenant shall not avoid the occurrence of a Default or an Event of Default if such action is taken or condition exists. 

11.8. Survival of Representations, Warranties and Agreements. 

All representations, warranties and agreements made herein shall survive the execution and delivery hereof and the making of any Credit
Extension. Notwithstanding anything herein or implied by law to the contrary, the agreements of each Credit Party set forth in Sections 2.13(c), 2.14, 2.15, 10, 11.2, 11.3, 11.4 and 11.22 and the agreements of Lenders set forth in Sections 2.15 and
10.6 shall survive the payment of the Loans, and the termination hereof. 

11.9. No Waiver; Remedies Cumulative. 

No failure or delay on the part of any Agent or any Lender in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder or under any other
Transaction Document shall impair such power, right or privilege or be construed to be a waiver of any default or acquiescence therein, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise
thereof or of any other power, right or privilege. The rights, powers and remedies given to each Agent and each Lender hereby are cumulative and shall be in addition to and independent of all rights, powers and remedies existing by virtue of any
statute or rule of law or in any of the other Transaction Documents. Any forbearance or failure to exercise, and any delay in exercising, any right, power or remedy hereunder shall not impair any such right, power or remedy or be construed to be a
waiver thereof, nor shall it preclude the further exercise of any such right, power or remedy. 

11.10. Marshalling; Payments Set
Aside. 

Neither any Agent nor any Lender shall be under any obligation to marshal any assets in favor of any Credit Party or any other
Person or against or in payment of any or all of the Obligations. To the extent that any Credit Party makes a payment or payments to the Administrative Agent or Lenders (or to the Administrative Agent, on behalf of Lenders), or any Agent or Lender
enforces any security interests or exercises any right of setoff, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or setoff or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside
and/or required to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party under any bankruptcy law, any other state or federal law, common law or any equitable cause, then, to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally
intended to be satisfied, and all Liens, rights and remedies therefor or related thereto, shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment or payments had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred. 

11.11. Severability. 

In case any provision in or obligation hereunder or under any other Transaction Document shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any
jurisdiction, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions or obligations, or of such provision or obligation in any other jurisdiction, shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 

134 

11.12. Obligations Several; Independent Nature of Lenders Rights. 

The obligations of Lenders hereunder are several and no Lender shall be responsible for the obligations or Commitment of any other Lender
hereunder. Nothing contained herein or in any other Transaction Document, and no action taken by Lenders pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute Lenders as a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity.
The amounts payable at any time hereunder to each Lender shall be a separate and independent debt, and each Lender shall be entitled to protect and enforce its rights arising out hereof and it shall not be necessary for any other Lender to be joined
as an additional party in any proceeding for such purpose. 

11.13. Headings. 

Section headings herein are included herein for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part hereof for any other purpose or
be given any substantive effect. 

11.14. APPLICABLE LAW. 

THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER (INCLUDING ANY CLAIMS SOUNDING IN CONTRACT LAW OR TORT LAW ARISING OUT
OF THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF AND ANY DETERMINATIONS WITH RESPECT TO POST-JUDGMENT INTEREST) SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICT OF LAWS PRINCIPLES
THEREOF THAT WOULD RESULT IN THE APPLICATION OF ANY LAW OTHER THAN THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

11.15. CONSENT TO
JURISDICTION. 

SUBJECT TO CLAUSE (E) OF THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE, ALL JUDICIAL PROCEEDINGS BROUGHT AGAINST ANY PARTY ARISING OUT OF OR
RELATING HERETO OR ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS, OR ANY OF THE OBLIGATIONS, SHALL BE BROUGHT IN ANY FEDERAL COURT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA SITTING IN THE BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN OR, IF THAT COURT DOES NOT HAVE SUBJECT MATTER JURISDICTION, IN
ANY STATE COURT LOCATED IN THE CITY AND COUNTY OF NEW YORK. BY EXECUTING AND DELIVERING THIS AGREEMENT, EACH CREDIT PARTY, FOR ITSELF AND IN CONNECTION WITH ITS PROPERTIES, IRREVOCABLY (A) ACCEPTS GENERALLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY THE EXCLUSIVE (SUBJECT
TO CLAUSE (E) BELOW) JURISDICTION AND VENUE OF SUCH COURTS; (B) WAIVES ANY DEFENSE OF FORUM NON CONVENIENS; (C) AGREES THAT SERVICE OF ALL PROCESS IN ANY SUCH PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT MAY BE MADE BY REGISTERED OR CERTIFIED MAIL, RETURN RECEIPT
REQUESTED, TO THE APPLICABLE CREDIT PARTY AT ITS ADDRESS PROVIDED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 11.1; (D) AGREES THAT SERVICE AS PROVIDED IN CLAUSE (C) ABOVE IS SUFFICIENT TO CONFER PERSONAL JURISDICTION OVER THE APPLICABLE CREDIT PARTY IN ANY SUCH
PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT, AND OTHERWISE CONSTITUTES EFFECTIVE AND BINDING SERVICE IN EVERY RESPECT; AND (E) AGREES THAT THE AGENTS AND LENDERS RETAIN THE RIGHT TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW OR TO BRING PROCEEDINGS AGAINST
ANY CREDIT PARTY IN THE COURTS OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN CONNECTION WITH THE EXERCISE OF ANY RIGHTS UNDER ANY TRANSACTION DOCUMENT OR AGAINST ANY COLLATERAL OR THE ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT, AND HEREBY SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION OF, AND
CONSENTS TO VENUE IN, ANY SUCH COURT. 

The Borrower Entities hereby appoint and consent to CT Corporation System (the Process
Agent), as their agent upon whom process or demands may be served in any action arising out of or based on this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. The Borrower Entities may at any time and from time to time vary or
terminate the appointment of such process agent or appoint an additional process agent; provided that the Borrower Entities will maintain in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, an office or agency where notices and demands to or
upon the Borrower Entities in respect of this Agreement may be served. If at any time the Borrower Entities shall fail to maintain any 

135 

required office or agency in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, or shall fail to furnish the
Agents with the address thereof, notices and demands may be served on a Borrower Entity by mailing a copy thereof by registered or certified mail or by overnight courier, postage prepaid, to such Borrower Entity at its address specified herein. 

11.16. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. 

EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY AGREES TO WAIVE ITS RESPECTIVE RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION BASED UPON OR ARISING
HEREUNDER OR UNDER ANY OF THE OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS OR ANY DEALINGS BETWEEN THEM RELATING TO THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS LOAN TRANSACTION OR THE LENDER/BORROWER RELATIONSHIP THAT IS BEING ESTABLISHED. THE SCOPE OF THIS WAIVER IS INTENDED TO BE ALL-ENCOMPASSING OF ANY AND ALL DISPUTES THAT MAY BE FILED IN ANY COURT AND THAT RELATE TO THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS TRANSACTION, INCLUDING CONTRACT CLAIMS, TORT CLAIMS, BREACH OF DUTY CLAIMS AND ALL OTHER COMMON
LAW AND STATUTORY CLAIMS. EACH PARTY HERETO ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THIS WAIVER IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT TO ENTER INTO A BUSINESS RELATIONSHIP, THAT EACH HAS ALREADY RELIED ON THIS WAIVER IN ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT, AND THAT EACH WILL CONTINUE TO
RELY ON THIS WAIVER IN ITS RELATED FUTURE DEALINGS. EACH PARTY HERETO FURTHER WARRANTS AND REPRESENTS THAT IT HAS REVIEWED THIS WAIVER WITH ITS LEGAL COUNSEL AND THAT IT KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVES ITS JURY TRIAL RIGHTS FOLLOWING CONSULTATION
WITH LEGAL COUNSEL. THIS WAIVER IS IRREVOCABLE, MEANING THAT IT MAY NOT BE MODIFIED EITHER ORALLY OR IN WRITING (OTHER THAN BY A MUTUAL WRITTEN WAIVER SPECIFICALLY REFERRING TO THIS SECTION 11.16 AND EXECUTED BY EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO), AND THIS
WAIVER SHALL APPLY TO ANY SUBSEQUENT AMENDMENTS, RENEWALS, SUPPLEMENTS OR MODIFICATIONS HERETO OR ANY OF THE OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS OR TO ANY OTHER DOCUMENTS OR AGREEMENTS RELATING TO THE LOANS MADE HEREUNDER. IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, THIS
AGREEMENT MAY BE FILED AS A WRITTEN CONSENT TO A TRIAL BY THE COURT. 

11.17. Usury Savings Clause. 

Notwithstanding any other provision herein, the aggregate interest rate charged with respect to any of the Obligations, including all charges
or fees in connection therewith deemed in the nature of interest under applicable law shall not exceed the Highest Lawful Rate. If the rate of interest (determined without regard to the preceding sentence) under this Agreement at any time exceeds
the Highest Lawful Rate, the outstanding amount of the Loans made hereunder shall bear interest at the Highest Lawful Rate until the total amount of interest due hereunder equals the amount of interest which would have been due hereunder if the
stated rates of interest set forth in this Agreement had at all times been in effect. In addition, if when the Obligations are repaid in full the total interest due hereunder (taking into account the increase provided for above) is less than the
total amount of interest which would have been due hereunder if the stated rates of interest set forth in this Agreement had at all times been in effect, then to the extent permitted by law, the Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent an
amount equal to the difference between the amount of interest paid and the amount of interest which would have been paid if the Highest Lawful Rate had at all times been in effect. Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is the intention of Lenders and
the Borrower to conform strictly to any applicable usury laws. Accordingly, if any Lender contracts for, charges, or receives any consideration which constitutes interest in excess of the Highest Lawful Rate, then any such excess shall be cancelled
automatically and, if previously paid, shall at such Lenders option be applied to the outstanding amount of the Loans made hereunder or be refunded to the Borrower. 

11.18. Effectiveness; Counterparts. 

This Agreement shall become effective upon the execution of a counterpart hereof by each of the parties hereto and receipt by the Borrower and
the Administrative Agent of written notification of such execution and authorization of delivery thereof. This Agreement may be executed in any number 

136 

of counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed an original, but all such
counterparts together shall constitute but one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by facsimile or in electronic format (i.e., pdf or tif shall be effective as
delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. 

11.19. PATRIOT Act. 

Each Lender and the Administrative Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any Lender) hereby notifies each Credit Party that pursuant to the
requirements of the PATRIOT Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each Credit Party, which information includes the name and address of each Credit Party and other information that will allow such Lender or the
Administrative Agent, as applicable, to identify such Credit Party in accordance with the PATRIOT Act. 

11.20. Electronic
Execution of Assignments. 

The words execution, signed, signature, and words of like import in any
Assignment Agreement shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a
paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act,
or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. Any electronically signed document delivered via email, facsimile or other electronic communication from a person purporting to be an Authorized Officer shall be
considered signed or executed by such Authorized Officer on behalf of the applicable party. The Bank Parties shall have no duty to inquire into or investigate the authenticity or authorization of any such electronic signature and shall be entitled
to conclusively rely on any such electronic signature without any liability with respect thereto. 

11.21. No Fiduciary Duty.

Each Agent, Lender and their Affiliates (collectively, solely for purposes of this paragraph, the Lenders), may
have economic interests that conflict with those of the Credit Parties, their stockholders and/or their affiliates. Each Credit Party agrees that nothing in the Transaction Documents or otherwise will be deemed to create an advisory, fiduciary or
agency relationship or fiduciary or other implied duty between any Lender, on the one hand, and such Credit Party, its stockholders or its affiliates, on the other. The Credit Parties acknowledge and agree that (a) the transactions contemplated by
the Transaction Documents (including the exercise of rights and remedies hereunder and thereunder) are arms-length commercial transactions between the Lenders, on the one hand, and the Credit Parties, on
the other, and (b) in connection therewith and with the process leading thereto, (x) no Lender has assumed an advisory or fiduciary responsibility in favor of any Credit Party, its stockholders or its affiliates with respect to the transactions
contemplated hereby (or the exercise of rights or remedies with respect thereto) or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether any Lender has advised, is currently advising or will advise any Credit Party, its stockholders or its
Affiliates on other matters) or any other obligation to any Credit Party except the obligations expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents and (y) each Lender is acting solely as principal and not as the agent or fiduciary of any Credit Party,
its management, stockholders, creditors or any other Person. Each Credit Party acknowledges and agrees that it has consulted its own legal and financial advisors to the extent it deemed appropriate and that it is responsible for making its own
independent judgment with respect to such transactions and the process leading thereto. Each Credit Party agrees that it will not claim that any Lender has rendered advisory services of any nature or respect, or owes a fiduciary or similar duty to
such Credit Party, in connection with such transaction or the process leading thereto. 

137 

11.22. Judgment Currency. 

(a) The Credit Parties obligations hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents to make payments in each Specified Currency
(each, for purposes herein, the Obligation Currency) shall not be discharged or satisfied by any tender or recovery pursuant to any judgment expressed in or converted into any currency other than the Obligation Currency, except to
the extent that such tender or recovery results in the effective receipt by the Secured Party entitled thereto of the full amount of the Obligation Currency expressed to be payable to it under this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents. If
for the purpose of obtaining or enforcing judgment against any Credit Party in any court or in any jurisdiction, it becomes necessary to convert into or from any currency other than the Obligation Currency (such other currency being hereinafter
referred to as the Judgment Currency) an amount due in the Obligation Currency, the conversion shall be made, at the applicable exchange rate thereof as of the day on which the judgment is given (such day being hereinafter
referred to as the Judgment Currency Conversion Date). 

(b) If there is a change in the rate of exchange
prevailing between the Judgment Currency Conversion Date and the date of actual payment of the amount due, the Credit Parties jointly and severally covenant and agree to pay, or cause to be paid, and each jointly and severally indemnifies the
Secured Parties for such additional amounts, if any (but in any event not a lesser amount), as may be necessary to ensure that the amount paid in the Judgment Currency, when converted at the rate of exchange prevailing on the date of payment, will
produce the amount of the Obligation Currency that could have been purchased with the amount of Judgment Currency stipulated in the judgment or judicial award at the rate or exchange prevailing on the Judgment Currency Conversion Date. The foregoing
indemnity shall constitute a separate and independent obligation of the Credit Parties and shall survive any termination of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, and shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any such
judgment or order as aforesaid. 

(c) For purposes of determining any rate of exchange for this Section 11.22, such amounts shall
include any premium and costs payable in connection with the purchase of the Obligation Currency. 

11.23. Confidentiality

(a) The Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator, the Collateral Custodian, the Administrative Agent and each Lender will
maintain the confidentiality of all Confidential Information to protect Confidential Information delivered to such Person; provided that such Person may deliver or disclose Confidential Information to: (i) such Persons directors,
trustees, officers, employees, agents, attorneys and affiliates who agree to hold confidential the Confidential Information substantially in accordance with the terms of this Section 11.23 and to the extent such disclosure is reasonably required for
the administration of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, the matters contemplated hereby or the investment represented by the Loans; (ii) such Persons legal advisors, financial advisors and other professional advisors who
agree to hold confidential the Confidential Information substantially in accordance with the terms of this Section 11.23 and to the extent such disclosure is reasonably required for the administration of this Agreement, the matters contemplated
hereby or the investment represented by the Loans; (iii) any other Lender, or any of the other parties to this Agreement, the Investment Management Agreement or the other Transaction Documents; (iv) any federal or state or other regulatory,
governmental or judicial authority having jurisdiction over such Person in the course of any routine examination by such authority; (v) any other Person with the consent of the Borrower and the Investment Manager; (vi) any other Person to which such
delivery or disclosure may be necessary or appropriate (A) to effect compliance with any law, rule, regulation or order applicable to such Person, (B) in response to any subpoena or other legal process upon prior notice to the Borrower and the
Investment Manager (unless prohibited by applicable law, rule, order or decree or other requirement having the force of law), (C) in connection with any litigation to which such Person is a party upon prior notice to the Borrower and the Investment
Manager (unless prohibited by applicable law, rule, order or decree or other requirement having the force of law), (D) to the extent such Person may reasonably determine such delivery and disclosure to be necessary or appropriate in the enforcement
or for the protection of the rights and remedies with respect to the Obligations, this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents or (E) in the Collateral Agents, the Collateral Custodians, a Collateral Administrator Partys or
the Administrative 

138 

Agents performance of its obligations under this Agreement, the Collateral Administration Agreement or
other Transaction Document; (vi) any Person of the type that would be, to such Persons knowledge, permitted to acquire Loans in accordance with the requirements of Section 11.6 to which such Person sells or offers to sell any such Loan or any
part thereof (if such Person has agreed in writing prior to its receipt of such Confidential Information to be bound by the provisions of this Section 11.23); and (vii) with respect to any Collateral Obligation, any actual or prospective transferee
of such Collateral Obligation (if such Person has agreed in writing prior to its receipt of such Confidential Information to be bound by the provisions of this Section 11.23 with respect to such Confidential Information or has otherwise agreed to be
bound by all applicable confidentiality restrictions applicable to such Confidential Information in the Underlying Instruments relating to such Collateral Obligation). Each Lender agrees that it shall use the Confidential Information for the sole
purpose of making an investment in the Loans or administering its investment in the Loans; and that the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Administrative Agent shall neither be required nor authorized to disclose to Lenders any
Confidential Information in violation of this Section 11.23. In the event of any required disclosure of the Confidential Information by such Lender, such Lender agrees to use reasonable efforts to protect the confidentiality of the Confidential
Information. 

(b) For the purposes of this Section 11.23, Confidential Information means information delivered to
the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Custodian, the Collateral Administrator, the Administrative Agent or any Lender by or on behalf of the Borrower Entities or the Investment Manager in connection with and relating to the transactions contemplated
by or otherwise pursuant to this Agreement; provided that such term does not include information that: (i) was publicly known or otherwise known to the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Custodian, the Collateral Administrator, the
Administrative Agent or such Lender or beneficial owner prior to the time of such disclosure; (ii) subsequently becomes publicly known through no act or omission by the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator, the Administrative Agent or any
Lender or any person acting on behalf of the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Custodian, the Collateral Administrator, the Administrative Agent or any Lender; (iii) otherwise is known or becomes known to the Collateral Agent, the Collateral
Custodian, the Collateral Administrator, the Administrative Agent or any Lender other than (x) through disclosure by or on behalf of a Borrower Entity or the Investment Manager or (y) to the knowledge of the Collateral Agent, the Collateral
Custodian, the Collateral Administrator, the Administrative Agent or Lender, as the case may be, in each case after reasonable inquiry, as a result of the breach of a fiduciary duty to the Borrower Entities or the Investment Manager or a contractual
duty to the Borrower Entities or the Investment Manager; or (iv) is allowed to be treated as non-confidential by consent of the Borrower Entities and the Investment Manager. 

11.24. Erroneous
Payments

(a) Each Lender
hereby agrees that (A) if the Administrative Agent notifies such Lender that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion that any funds received by such Lender from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (whether as a
payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees or otherwise; individually and collectively, a Payment) were erroneously transmitted to such Lender (whether or not known to such Lender), and demands the return of
such Payment (or a portion thereof), such Lender shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in
same day funds (in the currency so received), together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative
Agent at the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect, and (B) to the extent permitted by applicable
law, such Lender shall not assert, and hereby waives, as to the Administrative Agent, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the
Administrative Agent for the return of any Payments received, including without limitation any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender under this Section 11.24(a)
shall be conclusive, absent manifest error.

139 

(b) Each Lender
hereby further agrees that if it receives a Payment from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (A) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment sent by the Administrative Agent
(or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such Payment (a Payment Notice) or (B) that was not preceded or accompanied by a Payment Notice, it shall be on notice, in each such case, that an error has been made with
respect to such Payment. Each Lender agrees that, in each such case, or if it otherwise becomes aware a Payment (or portion thereof) may have been sent in error, such Lender shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent of such occurrence and, upon
demand from the Administrative Agent, it shall promptly, but in no event later than two Business Days thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day
funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the Federal Funds
Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect.

(c) The Borrower
hereby agrees that (A) in the event an erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered from any Lender that has received such Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent shall be subrogated to all the rights of
such Lender with respect to such amount and (B) an erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed by the Borrower or any other Credit Party.

(d) Each
partys obligations, agreements and waivers under this Section 11.24 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent, any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the
Commitments and/or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations (or any portion thereof) under any Transaction Document.

11.25. Non-Petition

Each Secured Party hereby agrees not to institute against, or join, cooperate with or encourage any other Person in
instituting against, the Borrower Entities any bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership, arrangement, insolvency, moratorium or liquidation proceeding or other proceeding under federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws until at least
one year and one day, or, if longer, the applicable preference period then in effect plus one day, after the payment in full of all outstanding Obligations and the termination of all Commitments; provided that nothing in this Section 11.25 shall
preclude, or be deemed to prevent, any Secured Party (a) from taking any action prior to the expiration of the aforementioned one year and one day period, or, if longer, the applicable preference period then in effect, in (i) any case or proceeding
voluntarily filed or commenced by the Borrower Entity or (ii) any involuntary insolvency proceeding filed or commenced against the Borrower Entity by a Person other than any such Secured Party, or (b) from commencing against the Borrower Entity or
any properties of the Borrower Entity any legal action which is not a bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership, arrangement, insolvency, moratorium or liquidation proceeding or other proceeding under federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or
similar laws.

SECTION 12. SUBORDINATION 

(a) Anything in this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents to the contrary notwithstanding, the Borrower agrees for the benefit of
the Lenders and the Agents that the rights of the Equity Holder to distributions by the Borrower and in and to the Collateral, including any payment from Proceeds of Collateral, shall be subordinate and junior to the Obligations, to the extent and
in the manner set forth in this Agreement including as set forth in Section 7 and hereinafter provided. If any Event of Default has occurred and has not been cured or waived, and notwithstanding anything contained in Section 7 to the contrary,
interest on and principal of and other amounts owing in respect of the Loans and all other Obligations shall be paid in full in Cash (in order of priority) before any further payment or distribution is made on account of the Equity Holder. 

140 

(b) If notwithstanding the provisions of this Agreement, any holder of any Subordinate
Interests shall have received any payment or distribution in respect of such Subordinate Interests contrary to the provisions of this Agreement, then, unless and until either the Obligations shall have been paid in full in Cash in accordance with
this Agreement, such payment or distribution shall be received and held in trust for the benefit of, and shall forthwith be paid over and delivered to, the Collateral Agent, which shall pay and deliver the same to the Lenders in accordance with this
Agreement; provided that, if any such payment or distribution is made other than in Cash, it shall be held by the Collateral Agent as part of the Collateral and subject in all respects to the provisions of this Agreement, including this
Section 12. 

(c) The Borrower agrees with all Lenders that the Borrower shall not demand, accept, or receive any payment or
distribution in respect of such Subordinate Interests in violation of the provisions of this Agreement, including this Section 12. Nothing in this Section 12 shall affect the obligation of the Borrower to pay holders of Subordinate Interests. 

(d) In exercising any of its or their voting rights, rights to direct and consent or any other rights as a Lender under this Agreement,
subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, a Lender or Lenders shall not have any obligation or duty to any Person or to consider or take into account the interests of any Person and shall not be liable to any Person for any action taken
by it or them or at its or their direction or any failure by it or them to act or to direct that an action be taken, without regard to whether such action or inaction benefits or adversely affects any Lender, the Borrower or any other Person, except
for any liability to which such Lender may be subject to the extent the same results from such Lenders taking or directing an action, or failing to take or direct an action, in bad faith or in violation of the express terms of this Agreement.

SECTION 13. ASSIGNMENT OF INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT 

(a) The Borrower, in furtherance of the covenants of this Agreement and as security for the Obligations and the performance and
observance of the provisions hereof and of the other Transaction Documents, hereby assigns, transfers, conveys and sets over to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, all of the Borrowers estate, right, title and
interest in, to and under the Investment Management Agreement (except as set forth in the second proviso of this Section 13(a)), including (1) the right to give all notices, consents and releases thereunder, (2) the right to take any legal action
upon the breach of an obligation of the Investment Manager thereunder, including the commencement, conduct and consummation of proceedings at law or in equity, (3) the right to receive all notices, accountings, consents, releases and statements
thereunder and (4) the right to do any and all other things whatsoever that the Borrower is or may be entitled to do thereunder; provided that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Collateral Agent shall not have the authority
to execute any of the rights set forth in subclauses (1) through (4) above or may otherwise arise as a result of the grant until the occurrence of an Event of Default hereunder and such authority shall terminate at such time, if any, as such Event
of Default is cured or waived; provided that the assignment made hereby does not include an assignment of the Borrowers right to terminate the Investment Manager pursuant to Section 14 of the Investment Management Agreement or any other
provision contained therein (unless a Cause Event and an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing). 

(b) The assignment made
hereby is executed as collateral security, and the execution and delivery hereby shall not in any way impair or diminish the obligations of the Borrower under the provisions of the Investment Management Agreement, nor shall any of the obligations
contained in the Investment Management Agreement be imposed on the Collateral Agent. 

(c) Upon the repayment of the Obligations in
full and the release of the Collateral from the lien of the Collateral Documents, this assignment and all rights herein assigned to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties shall cease and terminate and all the estate, right,
title and interest of the Collateral Agent in, to and under the Investment Management Agreement shall revert to the Borrower and no further instrument or act shall be necessary to evidence such termination and reversion. 

141 

(d) The Borrower represents that it has not executed any other assignment of the
Investment Management Agreement. 

(e) The Borrower agrees that this assignment is irrevocable, and that it will not take any action
which is inconsistent with this assignment or make any other assignment inconsistent herewith. The Borrower will, from time to time, execute all instruments of further assurance and all such supplemental instruments with respect to this assignment
as the Collateral Agent may specify or as may be required to maintain the perfection thereof. 

(f) The Borrower hereby agrees, and
hereby undertakes to obtain the agreement and consent of the Investment Manager in the Investment Management Agreement, to the following: 

(1) The Investment Manager consents to the provisions of this assignment and agrees to perform any provisions of this
Agreement applicable to the Investment Manager subject to the terms of the Investment Management Agreement. 

(2) The
Investment Manager acknowledges that, except as otherwise set forth in clause (a) above, the Borrower is assigning all of its right, title and interest in, to and under the Investment Management Agreement to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of
the Secured Parties. 

(3) The Investment Manager shall deliver to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral
Administrator duplicate original copies of all notices, statements, communications and instruments delivered or required to be delivered to the Borrower pursuant to the Investment Management Agreement. 

(4) Neither the Borrower nor the Investment Manager will enter into any agreement amending, modifying or terminating the
Investment Management Agreement without (x) complying with the applicable provisions of the Investment Management Agreement, and (y) the consent of the Requisite Lenders. 

(5) Except as otherwise set forth herein and therein, the Investment Manager shall continue to serve as Investment
Manager under the Investment Management Agreement notwithstanding that the Investment Manager shall not have received amounts due it under the Investment Management Agreement because sufficient funds were not then available hereunder to pay such
amounts in accordance with the Priority of Payments. The Investment Manager agrees not to cause the filing of a petition in bankruptcy against the Borrower for the non-payment of the Investment Management Fees
or Successor Management Fees, or other amounts payable by the Borrower to the Investment Manager under the Investment Management Agreement prior to the date which is one year and one day (or, if longer, the applicable preference period) after the
payment in full of the Loans; provided that nothing in this Section 13 shall preclude, or be deemed to stop, the Investment Manager (x) from taking any action prior to the expiration of the aforementioned one year and one day (or longer)
period in (A) any case or proceeding voluntarily filed or commenced by the Borrower or (B) any involuntary insolvency proceeding filed or commenced by a Person other than the Investment Manager or its Affiliates or (y) from commencing against the
Borrower or any of its properties any legal action which is not a bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency, moratorium or liquidation proceeding. 

(6) The Investment Manager irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction
of any federal or New York state court sitting in the Borough of Manhattan in 

142 

The City of New York in any action or Proceeding arising out of or relating to the Loans or
this Agreement, and the Investment Manager irrevocably agrees that all claims in respect of such action or Proceeding may be heard and determined in such federal or New York state court. The Investment Manager irrevocably waives, to the fullest
extent it may legally do so, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or Proceeding. The Investment Manager irrevocably consents to the service of any and all process in any action or Proceeding by the mailing or
delivery of copies of such process to it at the office of the Investment Manager provided for herein. The Investment Manager agrees that a final judgment in any such action or Proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions
by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. 

(g) If both a Cause Event and an Event of Default at any time
occurs and is continuing, the Borrower shall, upon the written direction of the Requisite Lenders, remove the Investment Manager as the Borrowers investment manager pursuant to the terms of the Investment Management Agreement. As used herein,
Cause Event means an event that shall have occurred by reason of (1) the conviction (or plea of no contest) for a felony of the Investment Manager, (2) the conviction (or plea of no contest) for a felony of an officer or a member
of the board of directors (or other analogous body) of the Investment Manager, if the employment or other affiliation of such Person so convicted is not terminated by the Investment Manager within 30 days of such conviction and the Requisite Lenders
vote thereafter to invoke this termination provision, or (3) the Investment Manager or an officer or a member of the board of directors of the Investment Manager has engaged in gross negligence or willful misconduct with respect to the Borrower that
has resulted in a material adverse effect on the Borrower or the Collateral Obligations, or has committed a knowing material violation of securities, each as determined by a final decision of a court or binding arbitration decision unless, in the
case of such natural persons, their employment or other affiliation with the Investment Manager is terminated or suspended within 30 days after discovery by the Investment Manager. 

The Investment Manager shall promptly provide written notice to the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent upon the occurrence of a
Cause Event, and the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Lenders thereafter. 

(h) If the Investment Manager is
terminated due to a Cause Event or pursuant to Section 12 of the Investment Management Agreement, the Borrower will act at the direction of the Requisite Lenders to appoint a successor manager. 

SECTION 14. COLLATERAL CUSTODIAN 

(a) Initial Collateral Custodian. The role of Collateral Custodian with respect to the Custody Documents shall be conducted by the
Person designated as Collateral Custodian hereunder from time to time in accordance with this Section 14. Each of the Borrower and the Lenders hereby designate and appoint the Collateral Custodian to act as its agent and hereby authorizes the
Collateral Custodian to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers and perform such duties as are expressly granted to the Collateral Custodian by this Agreement. The Collateral Custodian hereby accepts such agency appointment to
act as Collateral Custodian pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, until its resignation or removal as Collateral Custodian pursuant to the terms hereof. 

(b) Successor Collateral Custodian. Upon the Collateral Custodians receipt of a Collateral Custodian Termination Notice
from the Administrative Agent (acting at the direction of the Requisite Lenders) of the designation of a successor Collateral Custodian pursuant to the provisions of clause (i) below, the Collateral Custodian agrees that it will terminate its
activities as Collateral Custodian hereunder. 

(c) Appointment. The Borrower and each of the Lenders hereby appoint State
Street Bank and Trust Company to act as Collateral Custodian, for the benefit of the Secured Parties. The Collateral Custodian hereby accepts such appointment and agrees to perform the duties and obligations with respect thereto set forth herein.

143 

(d) Duties. From the Closing Date until its resignation pursuant to clause (n)
below or its removal pursuant to clause (i) below, the Collateral Custodian shall perform, on behalf of the Secured Parties, the following duties and obligations: 

(1) The Collateral Custodian shall at all times hold all Custody Documents Delivered in physical form at one of its
offices in the United States (for purposes hereof, the Custodial Office). The Collateral Custodian may change the Custodial Office at any time and from time to time upon notice to the Borrower, the Investment Manager, the
Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent, provided that the replacement Custodial Office shall be an office of the Collateral Custodian located in the United States. All Custody Documents held by the Collateral Custodian shall be
available for inspection by the Administrative Agent upon prior written request and during normal business hours of the Collateral Custodian. Any such inspection shall occur no earlier than five Business Days after such inspection is requested and
the costs of such inspection shall be borne by the requesting party. The Administrative Agent (including its representatives and designees) may not request more than two inspections per year or, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing
no more than once a month. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Collateral Custodian shall not be required to hold or accept custody of any Custody Document hereunder to the extent such Custody Document is of a type not approved for
deposit into the custodial vault of the Collateral Custodian; provided that (1) the Collateral Custodian notifies the Investment Manager and the Lenders prior to refusing to hold such documents and (2) the failure of the Collateral Custodian
to accept and hold such documents shall not result in a default or an Event of Default with respect to the Borrower hereunder (provided that copies of such documents shall have been delivered by the Borrower to or otherwise made available to
the Administrative Agent). 

(2) In taking and retaining custody of any such Custody Documents, the Collateral
Custodian shall be deemed to be acting as the agent of the Secured Parties; provided that (x) the Collateral Custodian makes no representations as to the existence, perfection, enforceability or priority of any Lien on such Custody Documents
or the instruments therein or as to the adequacy or sufficiency of such Custody Documents; and (y) the Collateral Custodians duties shall be limited to those expressly contemplated herein. 

(3) All Custody Documents required to be held by the Collateral Custodian shall be kept in fire resistant vaults, rooms
or cabinets at the Custodial Office and shall be placed together with an appropriate identifying label and maintained in such a manner so as to permit retrieval and access. The Collateral Custodian shall segregate such Custody Documents on its
inventory system and will not commingle any such physical Custody Documents with any other files of the Collateral Custodian other than those, if any, relating to the Borrower and its Affiliates and Subsidiaries. 

(4) Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary elsewhere in the Transaction Documents, the Collateral Custodian shall
not have any fiduciary relationship with any party hereto or any Secured Party in its capacity as such, and no implied covenants, functions, obligations or responsibilities shall be read into this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents or
otherwise exist against the Collateral Custodian. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, it is hereby expressly agreed and stipulated by the other parties hereto that the Collateral Custodian shall not be required to exercise any
discretion hereunder and shall have no investment or management responsibility. The Collateral Custodian shall not be deemed to assume any obligations or liabilities of the Borrower or Investment Manager hereunder or under any other Transaction
Document. 

144 

(5) The Collateral Custodian shall have no obligation to review or
verify whether the Borrower or the Investment Manager on its behalf has obtained and delivered (or made available to the Transaction Data Room) the necessary Diligence Information and other Custody Documents required for purchases of Collateral
Obligations hereunder, and the Collateral Custodian shall have no obligation to maintain the Transaction Data Room on behalf of the Borrower. 

(e) Event of Default. After the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Collateral Custodian agrees to
cooperate with the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent (acting at the direction of the Requisite Lenders) as requested in order to take any action that the Requisite Lenders deem necessary or desirable in order for the Collateral Agent to
perfect, protect or more fully evidence the security interests granted by the Borrower Entities under the Transaction Documents, or to enable any of them to exercise or enforce any of their respective rights hereunder. If the Collateral Custodian
receives instructions from the Collateral Agent, the Investment Manager or the Borrower which conflict with any instructions received by the Requisite Lenders (or the Administrative Agent on their behalf) after the occurrence and during the
continuance of an Event of Default, the Collateral Custodian shall rely on and follow the instructions given by the Requisite Lenders. 

(f) Requisite Lenders. The Requisite Lenders may direct the Collateral Custodian to take any action incidental to its duties
hereunder. With respect to other actions that are incidental to the actions specifically delegated to the Collateral Custodian hereunder, the Collateral Custodian shall not be required to take any such incidental action hereunder, but shall be
required to act or to refrain from acting (and shall be fully protected in acting or refraining from acting) upon the direction of the Requisite Lenders; provided that the Collateral Custodian shall not be required to take any action
hereunder at the request of the Requisite Lenders, any Secured Party or otherwise if the taking of such action, in the reasonable determination of the Collateral Custodian, (x) shall be in violation of any applicable law or contrary to any
provisions of this Agreement or (y) shall expose the Collateral Custodian to liability hereunder or otherwise (unless it has received indemnity which it reasonably deems to be satisfactory with respect thereto). If the Collateral Custodian requests
the consent of the Requisite Lenders and the Collateral Custodian does not receive a consent (either positive or negative) from the Requisite Lenders within 10 Business Days of its receipt of such request, then the Requisite Lenders shall be deemed
to have declined to consent to the relevant action. The Collateral Custodian may accept and act upon directions provided by the Administrative Agent as if such directions were provided by the Requisite Lenders directly. The Collateral Custodian
shall not be liable for any action taken, suffered or omitted by it in accordance with the request or direction of any Secured Party, to the extent that this Agreement provides such Secured Party the right to so direct the Collateral Custodian. The
Collateral Custodian shall not be deemed to have notice or knowledge of any matter hereunder, including an Event of Default, unless an Authorized Officer of the Collateral Custodian has knowledge of such matter or written notice thereof is received
by the Collateral Custodian. 

(g) Merger/Consolidation. Any Person (a) into which the Collateral Custodian may be merged or
consolidated, (b) that may result from any merger or consolidation to which the Collateral Custodian shall be a party or (c) that may succeed to the properties and assets of the Collateral Custodian substantially as a whole, which Person in any of
the foregoing cases executes an agreement of assumption to perform every obligation of the Collateral Custodian hereunder, shall be the successor to the Collateral Custodian under this Agreement without further act of any of the parties to this
Agreement. 

(h) Compensation. As compensation for its Collateral Custodian activities hereunder, the Collateral Custodian
shall be entitled to compensation as set forth in the Bank Party Fee Letter. The Collateral Custodians entitlement to receive such compensation shall cease on the earlier to occur of: (a) its removal as Collateral Custodian pursuant to clause
(i) below, (b) its resignation as Collateral Custodian pursuant to clause (n) below or (c) the termination of this Agreement; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, the Collateral Custodian shall remain entitled to receive, as and when
such amounts are payable under the terms of this Agreement, any compensation accrued prior to the release of all Custody Documents from the custody of the Collateral Custodian. 

145 

(i) Removal. The Collateral Custodian may be removed, with or without cause, by
the Requisite Lenders by notice (with a copy to the Borrower and the Investment Manager) given in writing to the Collateral Custodian (the Collateral Custodian Termination Notice); provided that, notwithstanding its receipt
of a Collateral Custodian Termination Notice, the Collateral Custodian shall continue to act in such capacity (and, for the avoidance of doubt, so long as it continues to act in such capacity, shall continue to receive the compensation and any other
amounts to which it is entitled to receive in such capacity under the terms of this Agreement and the Bank Party Fee Letter) until a successor Collateral Custodian has been appointed (with the consent of the Borrower so long as no Event of Default
has occurred and is continuing) and has agreed to act as Collateral Custodian hereunder. 

(j) Reliance. The Collateral
Custodian may conclusively rely on and shall be fully protected in acting upon any written notice, instruction, statement, certificate, request, waiver, consent, instrument, opinion, report, letter or other paper, electronic transmission or document
furnished to it in accordance with this Agreement, which it in good faith reasonably believes to be genuine and that has been signed or presented by the proper party (which in the case of any instruction from or on behalf of the Borrower shall be an
Authorized Officer) or parties. The Collateral Custodian shall not be bound to make any independent investigation into the facts or matters stated in any such notice, instruction, statement certificate, request, waiver, consent, opinion, report,
electronic transmission, receipt or other paper or document, provided that, if the form thereof is specifically prescribed by the terms of this agreement, the Collateral Custodian shall examine the same to determine whether it substantially
conforms on its face to the requirements set forth herein. The Collateral Custodian may rely conclusively on and shall be fully protected in acting upon the written instructions of the Requisite Lenders. 

(k) Rights of the Collateral Custodian. The Collateral Custodian may consult counsel selected with due care and shall not be
liable for any action taken, suffered or omitted by it hereunder in good faith and in accordance with the advice or opinion of such counsel. The Collateral Custodian shall not be liable for any error of judgment, or for any act done or step taken or
omitted by it, in good faith, or for any mistakes of fact or law, or for anything that it may do or refrain from doing in connection herewith except in the case of its own willful misconduct, bad faith, or gross negligence. The Collateral Custodian
makes no warranty or representation and shall have no responsibility (except as expressly set forth in this Agreement) as to the content, enforceability, completeness, validity, sufficiency, value, genuineness, ownership or transferability of the
Collateral, and will not be required to and will not make any representations as to the validity or value (except as expressly set forth in this Agreement) of any of the Collateral. The Collateral Custodian shall not be obligated to take any legal
action hereunder that might in its judgment involve any expense or liability unless it has been furnished with an indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it. The Collateral Custodian shall have no duties or responsibilities except such duties and
responsibilities as are specifically set forth in this Agreement and no covenants or obligations shall be implied in this Agreement against the Collateral Custodian. The duties, obligations and responsibilities of the Collateral Custodian shall be
determined solely by the express provisions of this Agreement. No implied duties, obligations or responsibilities shall be read into this Agreement against, or on the part of, the Collateral Custodian. Any permissive right of the Collateral
Custodian to take any action hereunder shall not be construed as a duty. The Collateral Custodian shall not be required to expend or risk its own funds in the performance of its duties hereunder. It is expressly agreed and acknowledged that the
Collateral Custodian is not guaranteeing performance of or assuming any liability for the obligations of the other parties hereto or any parties to the Collateral. 

(l) Request for Directions. In case any reasonable question arises as to its duties hereunder, the Collateral Custodian may
request instructions from the Requisite Lenders, and shall be entitled at all times to refrain from taking any action unless it has received instructions from the Requisite Lenders. The Collateral Custodian shall in all events have no liability,
risk or cost for any action taken pursuant to and in compliance with the instruction of the Requisite Lenders. In no event shall the Collateral Custodian be liable for special, indirect or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever 

146 

(including but not limited to lost profits), even if the Collateral Custodian has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action. 

(m) Responsibilities. The Collateral Custodian shall have no responsibilities or duties with respect to any Custody Document while such
Custody Document is not in its possession. The Collateral Custodian may act or exercise its duties or powers hereunder either directly or, by or through its agents or attorneys, and the Collateral Custodian shall not be liable or responsible for the
negligence or misconduct of any non-Affiliated agent or non-Affiliated attorney appointed with due care by it. If the Collateral Custodian is prevented from fulfilling its obligations under this Agreement as a result of governmental or regulatory
actions, government regulations, fires, strikes, accidents, acts of God or other causes beyond the control of the Collateral Custodian, the Collateral Custodian shall use commercially reasonable efforts to mitigate the effects of such circumstances
and resume performance as soon as reasonably possible, and the Collateral Custodians obligations shall be suspended for a reasonable time during which such conditions exist. 

(n) Resignation. The Collateral Custodian may resign and be discharged from its duties or obligations hereunder by giving not less than
90 days written notice thereof to the Requisite Lenders (with a copy to the Investment Manager and the Borrower) and with the consent of the Requisite Lenders. Upon receiving notice of such resignation, the Requisite Lenders shall promptly
appoint a successor Collateral Custodian (with the consent of the Borrower) by written instrument, in duplicate, executed by the Requisite Lenders, one copy of which shall be delivered to the Collateral Custodian so resigning and one copy to the
successor Collateral Custodian, together with a copy to the Borrower, the Investment Manager, the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent. Upon the effective date of such resignation, or if the Requisite Lenders give the Collateral Custodian
written notice of an earlier termination hereof, the Collateral Custodian shall (i) be reimbursed for any reasonable and documented costs and expenses the Collateral Custodian may incur in connection with the termination of its duties under this
Agreement and (ii) deliver all of the Custody Documents in the possession of Collateral Custodian to the successor Collateral Custodian. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Collateral Custodian may not resign prior to a successor
Collateral Custodian being appointed. For the avoidance of doubt, the Collateral Custodian shall be entitled to receive, as and when such amounts are payable in accordance with this Agreement and any compensation accrued through the effective date
of its resignation pursuant to and in accordance with this Section 14. 

(o) Release of Custody Documents. Upon satisfaction of any
of the conditions set forth in Section 6.8 for the sale or release of a Collateral Obligation in whole, the Investment Manager shall, by delivery to the Collateral Custodian of a request for release substantially in the form of Exhibit D (with a
copy to the Lenders) (which may be delivered concurrently with the Borrower Order delivered pursuant to Section 6.7(a)), direct the release of the related Custody Documents for such Collateral Obligation which are held by the Collateral Custodian in
physical custody pursuant to this Section 14. Upon receipt of such direction, the Collateral Custodian shall release the related Custody Documents to the Investment Manager (or as otherwise provided in the related release request) and the Investment
Manager will not be required to return the related Custody Documents to the Collateral Custodian. Written instructions as to the method of shipment and shipper(s) the Collateral Custodian is directed to utilize in connection with the transmission of
Custody Documents in the performance of the Collateral Custodians duties under this clause (o) shall be delivered by the Investment Manager to the Collateral Custodian prior to any shipment of any Custody Documents hereunder. If the Collateral
Custodian does not receive such written instruction from the Investment Manager, the Collateral Custodian shall be authorized and indemnified as provided herein to utilize a nationally recognized courier service. The Investment Manager shall arrange
for the provision of such services at the sole cost and expense of the Borrower and shall maintain such insurance against loss or damage to the Custody Documents as the Investment Manager deems appropriate. 

(p) Collateral Custodian as Agent. The Collateral Custodian agrees that, with respect to any Custody Documents at any time or times in
its possession, the Collateral Custodian shall be the agent of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, for purposes of perfecting (to the extent not otherwise perfected) the Collateral Agents security interest in the
Collateral and for the purpose of ensuring that such security interest is entitled to first priority status under the UCC. 

147 

(q) Indemnity. The Borrower agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Collateral
Custodian and its directors, officers, employees, agents and assigns from and against any and all Indemnified Liabilities. This clause (q) shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the resignation or removal of the Collateral Custodian
hereunder. 

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank] 

148 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed
and delivered by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized as of the date first written above. 

GROUSE FUNDING LLC, as Borrower

By: Apollo Debt Solutions BDC, its sole member

By: 

/s/ Joseph D. Glatt

Name: Joseph D. Glatt

Title: Chief Legal Officer and Secretary

GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, as Syndication Agent

By: 

/s/ Ted Moscoso

Name: Ted Moscoso

Title: Managing Director

GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, as Administrative Agent

By: 

/s/ Ted Moscoso

Name: Ted Moscoso

Title: Managing Director

GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, as Lender

By: 

/s/ Ted Moscoso

Name: Ted Moscoso

Title: Managing Director

Signature Page to
Credit Agreement 

STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMPANY, as Collateral Custodian

By: 

/s/ Paul Fitzgibbon

Name: Paul Fitzgibbon

Title: Vice President

STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMPANY, as Collateral Agent

By: 

/s/ Paul Fitzgibbon

Name: Paul Fitzgibbon

Title: Vice President

VIRTUS GROUP, LP, as Collateral Administrator

By: Rocket Partners Holdings, LLC,

General Partner

By: 

/s/ Paul Plank

Name: Paul Plank

Title: Authorized Signatory

Signature Page to
Credit Agreement 

APPENDIX A 

Lenders and Commitments 

Lender 

Commitment 

Pro Rata Share

Goldman Sachs Bank USA 

U.S.$250,000,000500,000,000
100%

Totals: 

U.S.$250,000,000500,000,000
100%

A-1 

APPENDIX B 

Notice Addresses 

THE CREDIT PARTIES:

Borrower 

Grouse Funding LLC 

c/o Apollo Debt Solutions BDC 

3 Bryant Park 

New York, NY 10036 

Attention: Amit Joshi 

Telephone: (917) 286-5698

Email: ajoshi@apollo.com;

Limited Guarantor 

Apollo Debt Solutions BDC

3 Bryant Park 

New York, NY 10036 

Attention: Amit Joshi 

Telephone: (917) 286-5698

Email: ajoshi@apollo.com;
ADSAccounting@apollo.com

OTHER PARTIES: 

GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, 

as Lender: 

c/o Goldman, Sachs & Co. 

30 Hudson Street, 4th Floor Jersey
City, NJ 07302 

Facsimile: 212-428-4534

E-mail: gs-pfi-mo-confidential@gs.com

Attention: Operations

GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA,

as Administrative Agent:

c/o Goldman, Sachs & Co.

30 Hudson Street, 4th Floor

Jersey City, NJ 07302

Facsimile: 212-428-4534

E-mail: gs-pfi-mo-confidential@gs.com

Attention: Operations

And, with respect to each Dispute, with copies to:

Email: gs-repo-disputes@gs.com

Attention: GS Credit

and 

Facsimile: 212-428-4534

Email: gs-sctabs-reporting@ny.email.gs.com

Attention: PFI Middle Office

B-1 

STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMPANY, as Collateral Agent and Collateral Custodian 

State Street Bank and Trust Company 

1776 Heritage Drive Mail Stop: JAB0527 

North Quincy, Massachusetts 02171 

Attention: Structured Trust and Analytics 

Ref: Grouse Funding LLC 

Email: StateStreetSPV@StateStreet.com 

VIRTUS GROUP, LP, as Collateral Administrator 

1301 Fannin St., Suite 1700 

Houston, TX 77002 

E-mail: notices.GROUSEFUNDINGLLC@fisglobal.com

Attention: Grouse Funding LLC 

with a copy to be sent simultaneously to: 

Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. 

601 Riverside Avenue, T-12

Jacksonville, FL 32204 

Attn: Chief Legal Officer 

B-2 

APPENDIX C-1

Borrower Subsidiaries 

None 

C-1-1 

APPENDIX C-2

List of Collateral Obligations 

[To be separately provided] 

C-2-1 

SCHEDULE A 

Form/Document/ Certificate Date by which to be delivered

(1) Audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Limited
Guarantor Within 120 days of the end of the Limited Guarantors fiscal year; provided, that the financial statements required to be delivered pursuant to this clause (1) which are made available via EDGAR, or any successor system
of the U.S. Securities Exchange Commission, in the Limited Guarantors quarterly report on Form 10-K, shall be deemed delivered on the date such documents are made so available.

(2) Unaudited quarterly financial statements of the Limited Guarantor Within 60 days after the end of each fiscal quarter of the Limited Guarantor (other than the last fiscal quarter of each fiscal year); provided, that the financial statements required to be delivered pursuant to this clause
(2) which are made available via EDGAR, or any successor system of the U.S. Securities Exchange Commission, in the Limited Guarantors quarterly report on Form 10-Q, shall be deemed delivered on the date
such documents are made so available.

(3) Such other financial or other information with respect to the Credit
Parties (to the extent in the Borrowers or Investment Managers possession or control) as any Lender may reasonably request from time to time, subject to any applicable contractual confidentiality restrictions. Within the greater of five Business Days after request by a Lender or such time as may be commercially reasonable for the Borrower to prepare and deliver such information

(4) For each Non-Private Asset, all
compliance certificates, financial statements and Material Amendment Information, in each case made available, or received by or on behalf of the related obligors or any administrative agents or servicers (or analogous representatives), to, or from,
as applicable, public-side lenders under the related Underlying Instruments. 

Within five Business Days (or, solely with respect to Material Amendment Information, ten (10) Business Days) after the date on which such
information is received by the relevant Borrower Entity or, in the case of financial statements for Syndicated Collateral Obligations, after the date on which such information is requested by the Administrative Agent (it being understood that
compliance with any applicable confidentiality restrictions will be required before such delivery, and the Borrower (or the Investment Manager or any of its affiliates, on its behalf) will use its best efforts to enable the Lenders to deliver
applicable confidentiality agreements or otherwise to comply with such restrictions).

Such information shall be made available in the Transaction Data Room.

A-1 

(5) For each Private Asset, all compliance certificates, financial statements
and Material Amendment Information, in each case made available, or received by or on behalf of the related obligors or any administrative agents or servicers (or analogous representatives), to, or from, as applicable, private-side lenders under the
related Underlying Instruments. 

Within five Business Days (or, solely with respect to Material Amendment Information, ten (10) Business Days) after the date on which such
information is received by the relevant Borrower Entity or, in the case of financial statements for Syndicated Collateral Obligations, after the date on which such information is requested by the Administrative Agent, provided that (x) if
such information is not delivered to private-side lenders within five Business Days (or, solely with respect to Material Amendment Information, ten (10) Business Days) after the date on which such information is required to be delivered to such
private-side lenders under such Underlying Instruments, the Borrower shall use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly obtain such information; and (y) compliance with any applicable confidentiality restrictions will be required before such
delivery, and the Borrower (or the Investment Manager or any of its affiliates on its behalf) will use its best efforts to enable the Lenders to deliver applicable confidentiality agreements or otherwise to comply with such restrictions).

Such information shall be made available in the Transaction Data Room.

(6) For each Collateral Obligation, Draft Instruments, IC Memorandum,
Underlying Instruments and other Diligence Information delivered to the Collateral Custodian hereunder or otherwise requested by any Lender, provided in each case that such documents are in the possession of the Borrower, its Investment
Manager or another Borrower Entity. 

At the times required for delivery of such material to the Collateral Custodian hereunder or three Business Days following a request by a
Lender, as applicable.

Such material shall be made available in the Transaction
Data Room.

(7) A copy of each Commitment to Acquire a Collateral Obligation entered into
by any Borrower Entity from time to time 

Within three Business Days following execution.

Such Commitment shall be made available in the Transaction Data Room.

A-2 

(8) With respect to each Collateral Obligation, the Investment Managers
determination of the value thereof. 

(a) Within three Business Days after the end of each calendar quarter;

(b) within five Business Days
of the reasonable request therefor by the Administrative Agent; and

(c) within five Business Days after the Investment Manager has reduced its determination of the
value of such Collateral Obligation by 10% or more (from the most recent date as of such the Investment Managers value of such Collateral Obligation was provided to the Administrative Agent.

(9) A Compliance Certificate Within three Business Days after each Compliance Certificate Calculation Date.

A-3 

SCHEDULE B 

GICS Industry Classifications 

B-1

EXHIBIT A 

Form of Funding Notice 

Goldman Sachs
Bank USA, as Administrative Agent 

c/o Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 

30 Hudson Street, 4th Floor
Jersey City, NJ 07302

Jersey City, NJ
07302

Fax:(212)
428-4534

Email:gs-PFI-Servicing@ny.email.gs.com

200 West Street

New
York, NY 10282

Fax:(212) 428 4534

Email:GS PFI Servicing@gs.com; GS SFL DESK@gs.com

Attn: Legal DepartmentOperations

With a copy to: 

State Street Bank and Trust Company, as
Collateral Agent 

1776 Heritage Drive Mail Stop: JAB0527 

North Quincy, Massachusetts 02171 

Email: StateStreetSPV@statestreet.com 

Attn: Structured Trust & Analytics 

Ref: Grouse Funding LLC 

Funding Notice 

[], 20[] 

Reference is made to the Credit Agreement dated as of July 7, 2022 (as
it may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement) by and
among GROUSE FUNDING LLC, as borrower (the Borrower); the lenders party thereto from time to time (the Lenders); GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, as syndication agent; GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, as administrative agent (in
such capacity, the Administrative Agent); STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMPANY, as collateral agent (in such capacity, the Collateral Agent), and as collateral custodian (in such capacity, the Collateral
Custodian); and VIRTUS GROUP, L.P, as collateral administrator (the Collateral Administrator). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 

Pursuant to Section 2.1 (Loans and Commitments) of the Credit Agreement, the Borrower desires that the Lenders make Loans to
the Borrower in accordance with the applicable terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement (the Credit Extension) on [], 20[] (the Credit
Date) in U.S. Dollars in the amount of $[]. 

The Borrower hereby certifies that: 

(a) the principal amount of the Loans to be made in the Credit Extension shall not exceed the undrawn Commitments as at
such Credit Date; and, after giving effect to such Credit Extension, the Loan Amount does not exceed the lesser of (x) the Adjusted Maximum Facility Amount at such time and (y) the Borrowing Base at such time; 

(b) as of the Credit Date, the representations and warranties contained in the Credit Agreement and in the other
Transaction Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of that Credit Date to the same extent as though made on and as of that date, except to the extent such representations and warranties specifically relate to an
earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall have been true and correct in all material 

A-1 

respects on and as of such earlier date; provided that, in each case, such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or
modified by materiality in the text thereof; 

(c) as of the Credit Date, no event shall have occurred and be
continuing or would result from the consummation of the applicable Credit Extension that would constitute a Default or an Event of Default; and 

(d) after the making of such Loan and the deposit of any portion thereof into the Unfunded Reserve Account, the amount on
deposit therein is at least equal to the Unfunded Reserve Required Amount. 

The accounts to which the proceeds of the Loans requested on the Credit Date
are to be made available by Administrative Agent to the Borrower will be determined pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement. 

Date: [mm/dd/yy] 

GROUSE FUNDING LLC, as Borrower

By: Apollo Debt Solutions BDC, its sole member

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

A-2 

EXHIBIT B-1

FORM OF U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 

(For Foreign Lenders That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 

Reference is hereby made to the Credit Agreement dated as of July 7, 2022 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to
time, the Credit Agreement) by and among GROUSE FUNDING LLC, as borrower (the Borrower); the lenders party thereto from time to time (the Lenders); GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, as syndication
agent; GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent); and STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMPANY, as collateral agent (in such capacity, the Collateral Agent), and as
collateral custodian (in such capacity, the Collateral Custodian); and VIRTUS GROUP, L.P. as Collateral Administrator (in such capacity, the Collateral Administrator). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise
defined herein have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.15 of the Credit
Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (a) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (b) it is not a
bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (c) it is not a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code and (d) it is not a
controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 

The undersigned
has furnished the Administrative Agent and the Borrower with a properly completed and duly executed certificate of its non-United States Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN
or W-8BEN-E, as applicable. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned
shall promptly so inform the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in
either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 

[NAME OF LENDER]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Date: [], 20[]

B-1-1 

EXHIBIT B-2

FORM OF U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 

(For Foreign Participants That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 

Reference is hereby made to the Credit Agreement dated as of July 7, 2022 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to
time, the Credit Agreement) by and among GROUSE FUNDING LLC, as borrower (the Borrower); the lenders party thereto from time to time (the Lenders); GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, as syndication
agent; GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent); and STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMPANY, as collateral agent (in such capacity, the Collateral Agent), and as
collateral custodian (in such capacity, the Collateral Custodian); and VIRTUS GROUP, L.P. as Collateral Administrator (in such capacity, the Collateral Administrator). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise
defined herein have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.15 of the Credit
Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (a) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (b) it is not a bank within the meaning of
Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (c) it is not a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, and (d) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related
to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 

The undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with a
properly completed and duly executed certificate of its non-United States Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, as applicable. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender in
writing, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the
two calendar years preceding such payments. 

[NAME OF PARTICIPANT]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Date: [], 20[]

B-2-1 

EXHIBIT B-3

FORM OF U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 

(For Foreign Participants That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 

Reference is hereby made to the Credit Agreement dated as of July 7, 2022 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to
time, the Credit Agreement) by and among GROUSE FUNDING LLC, as borrower (the Borrower); the lenders party thereto from time to time (the Lenders); GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, as syndication
agent; GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent); and STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMPANY, as collateral agent (in such capacity, the Collateral Agent), and as
collateral custodian (in such capacity, the Collateral Custodian); and VIRTUS GROUP, L.P. as Collateral Administrator (in such capacity, the Collateral Administrator). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise
defined herein have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.15 of the Credit
Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (a) it is the sole record owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (b) its direct or indirect partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such
participation, (c) with respect to such participation, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its
trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (d) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the
Code and (e) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 

The undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the
following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN or
W-8BEN-E, as applicable or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BEN
or W-8BEN-E, as applicable, from each of such partners/members beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption. By executing this
certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender in writing, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Lender
with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 

[NAME OF PARTICIPANT]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Date: [], 20[]

B-3-1 

EXHIBIT B-4

FORM OF U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 

(For Foreign Lenders That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 

Reference is hereby made to the Credit Agreement dated as of July 7, 2022 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to
time, the Credit Agreement) by and among GROUSE FUNDING LLC, as borrower (the Borrower); the lenders party thereto from time to time (the Lenders); GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, as syndication
agent; GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent); and STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMPANY, as collateral agent (in such capacity, the Collateral Agent), and as
collateral custodian (in such capacity, the Collateral Custodian); and VIRTUS GROUP, L.P. as Collateral Administrator (in such capacity, the Collateral Administrator). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise
defined herein have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.15 of the Credit
Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (a) it is the sole record owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (b) its direct or indirect
partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)), (c) with respect to the extension of credit pursuant to the Credit Agreement or any other Transaction Document, neither the undersigned
nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code,
(d) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code and (e) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a
controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 

The undersigned
has furnished the Administrative Agent and the Borrower with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption:
(i) an IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, as applicable, or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY
accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, as applicable, from each of such partners/members beneficial owners
that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the Borrower and the
Administrative Agent in writing, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment
is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 

[NAME OF LENDER]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Date: [__________ __], 20[__]

B-4-1 

EXHIBIT C 

Form of Assignment Agreement 

This
Assignment and Assumption Agreement (this Assignment) is dated as of the Effective Date set forth below and is entered into by and between [Insert name of Assignor] (the Assignor) and [Insert name of
Assignee] (the Assignee). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement identified below (as it may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to
time, the Credit Agreement), receipt of a copy of which is hereby acknowledged by the Assignee. The Standard Terms and Conditions set forth in Annex 1 attached hereto are hereby agreed to and incorporated herein by reference and
made a part of this Assignment as if set forth herein in full. 

For an agreed consideration, the Assignor hereby irrevocably sells and assigns to the
Assignee, and the Assignee hereby irrevocably purchases and assumes from the Assignor, subject to and in accordance with the Standard Terms and Conditions and the Credit Agreement, as of the Effective Date inserted by the Administrative Agent as
contemplated below, (i) all of the Assignors rights and obligations in its capacity as a Lender under the Credit Agreement and any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto to the extent related to the amount and
percentage interest identified below of all of the Assignors outstanding rights and obligations under the respective facilities identified below, and (ii) to the extent permitted to be assigned under applicable law, all claims, suits,
causes of action and any other right of the Assignor (in its capacity as a Lender) against any Person, whether known or unknown, arising under or in connection with the Credit Agreement, any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto
or the loan transactions governed thereby or in any way based on or related to any of the foregoing, including, but not limited to, contract claims, tort claims, malpractice claims, statutory claims and all other claims at law or in equity related
to the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clause (i) above (the rights and obligations sold and assigned by the Assignor to the Assignee pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above being referred to herein collectively as the
Assigned Interest). Such sale and assignment is without recourse to the Assignor and, except as expressly provided in this Assignment, without representation or warranty by the Assignor. 

1. Assignor: 

2. Assignee: 

Markit Entity Identifier (if any): 

3. Borrower: Grouse Funding LLC

4. Administrative Agent: Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as the administrative agent under the Credit Agreement

5. Credit Agreement: Credit Agreement dated as of July 7, 2022 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement) by and among GROUSE FUNDING, LLC as borrower (the Borrower);
the lenders party thereto from time to time (the Lenders); GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, as syndication agent; GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent); STATE STREET
BANK AND TRUST COMPANY, as collateral agent (in such capacity, the Collateral Agent); and VIRTUS GROUP, L.P., as collateral administrator (the Collateral Administrator).

6. Assigned Interest[s]: 

Aggregate Amount of

Commitment/Loans for all Lenders 

Amount of Commitment/

Loans Assigned 

Percentage Assigned of

Commitment/ Loans1

$ $ S

1 

Set forth, to at least 9 decimals, as a percentage of the Commitment/Loans of all Lenders thereunder.

C-1 

Effective Date: ______________, 20__ [TO BE INSERTED BY ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND WHICH SHALL BE THE
EFFECTIVE DATE OF RECORDATION OF TRANSFER IN THE REGISTER THEREFOR.] 

7. 

Notice and Wire Instructions: 

[NAME OF ASSIGNOR] [NAME OF ASSIGNEE]

Notices: Notices: 

Attention: Attention:

Telecopier: Telecopier:

with a copy to: with a copy to:

Attention: Attention:

Telecopier: Telecopier:

Wire Instructions: Wire Instructions:

The terms set forth in this Assignment are hereby agreed to: 

ASSIGNOR

[NAME OF ASSIGNOR]

By: 

Name:

Title:

ASSIGNEE

[NAME OF ASSIGNEE]

By: 

Name:

Title:

C-2 

[Consented to:]2

BORROWER:

Grouse Funding LLC,

By: Apollo debt Solutions BDC, its sole member

By: 

Name:

Title:

2 

To the extent required under Section 11.6(c) of the Credit Agreement. 

C-3 

ANNEX 1 

STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ASSIGNMENT 

AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT 

1. 

Representations and Warranties. 

1.1 

Assignor. The Assignor (a) represents and warrants that (i) it is the legal and beneficial
owner of the Assigned Interest, (ii) the Assigned Interest is free and clear of any lien, encumbrance or other adverse claim, and (iii) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this
Assignment and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby; and (b) assumes no responsibility with respect to (i) any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with any Credit Document, (ii) the
execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Credit Agreement or any other instrument or document delivered pursuant thereto, other than this Assignment (herein collectively the Credit
Documents), or any collateral thereunder, (iii) the financial condition of the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person obligated in respect of any Credit Document or (iv) the performance or observance
by the Borrower, any of its respective Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person of any of their respective obligations under any Credit Document. 

1.2 

Assignee. The Assignee (a) represents and warrants that (i) it has full power and authority,
and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to become a Lender under the Credit Agreement, including the delivery of such forms, certificates or other
evidence, if any, with respect to United States federal income tax withholding matters pursuant to Section 2.15(c) of the Credit Agreement, (ii) it is not a Natural Person, (iii) from and after the Effective Date, it shall be
bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement and, to the extent of the Assigned Interest, shall have the obligations of a Lender thereunder, (iv) it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to acquire assets of the type represented by the
Assigned Interest and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to acquire the Assigned Interest, is experienced in acquiring assets of such type, (v) it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement, and has received
or has been accorded the opportunity to receive copies of the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Schedule A (Financial and Other Information) thereof, as applicable, and such other documents and information as it
deems appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and to purchase the Assigned Interest, (vi) it has, independently and without reliance upon Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on such
documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and to purchase the Assigned Interest, and (vii) if it is a Foreign Lender, attached to this Assignment is any
documentation required to be delivered by it pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement, duly completed and executed by the Assignee; and (b) agrees that (i) it will, independently and without reliance on Administrative Agent, the
Assignor or any other Lender, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Credit Documents, and (ii) it will perform in
accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Credit Documents are required to be performed by it as a Lender. 

C-4 

2. 

Payments. All payments with respect to the Assigned Interests shall be made on the Effective Date as
follows: 

2.1 

From and after the Effective Date, Administrative Agent shall make all payments in respect of the Assigned
Interest (including payments of principal, interest, fees and other amounts) to the Assignor for amounts which have accrued to but excluding the Effective Date and to the Assignee for amounts which have accrued from and after the Effective Date.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Administrative Agent shall make all payments of interest, fees or other amounts paid or payable in kind from and after the Effective Date to the Assignee. 

3. 

General Provisions. This Assignment shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties
hereto and their respective successors and assigns. This Assignment may be executed in any number of counterparts, which together shall constitute one instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Assignment by telecopy
shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Assignment. This Assignment shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the internal laws of the State of New York without regard to conflict of laws principles
thereof. In connection with any dispute arising hereunder or in connection with this Assignment, each party hereto consents and submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of any federal court of the United States of America sitting in the Borough of
Manhattan or, if that court does not have subject matter jurisdiction, in any state court located in the city and county of New York. 

[remainder of page intentionally blank] 

C-5 

EXHIBIT D 

Form of Request for Release of Custody Documents 

State Street Bank and Trust Company, 

as Collateral Custodian

1776 Heritage Drive Mail Stop: JAB0527 

North Quincy,
Massachusetts 02171 

Attention: Structured Trust and Analytics 

Ref: Grouse Funding LLC 

Email: StateStreetSPV@StateStreet.com

RE: 

The Credit Agreement dated as of July 7, 2022 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to
time, the Credit Agreement) by and among Grouse Funding LLC, as borrower (the Borrower); the lenders party thereto from time to time (the Lenders); GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, as syndication agent;
GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent); STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMPANY, as collateral agent (in such capacity, the Collateral Agent), and as collateral
custodian (in such capacity, the Collateral Custodian); and VIRTUS GROUP, L.P., as collateral administrator (the Collateral Administrator). 

Ladies & Gentleman: 

Pursuant to [Section
6.8(e) (Custodianship and Release of Collateral)] [Section 14(e) (Collateral Custodian Event of Default)] [Section 14(o) (Collateral Custodian Release of Custody Documents)] of the Credit
Agreement, the undersigned (the Requesting Party) hereby directs the release of the Custody Documents related to the Collateral Obligations listed below; the terms defined therein and not otherwise defined herein being used herein
as therein defined. 

Collateral Obligation

In connection with such release, the Investment Manager further directs that such Custody Documents be delivered to the
following address: 

Delivery Instructions Address Needed

The Requesting Party hereby certifies that the conditions set forth in the Credit Agreement for the foregoing release of
Custody Documents are satisfied. 

[APOLLO DEBT SOLUTIONS BDC, as

Investment Manager

By: 

Name:

Title:

Date:

D-1 

CC: The Administrative Agent and the Lenders

under the Credit Agreement]3 

[GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA,

as Administrative Agent

By: 

Name:

Title:

Date:]4 

3 

Insert for releases requested by the Investment Manager under Section 6.8(e) or
Section 14(o) of the Credit Agreement 

4 

Insert for releases requested by the Administrative Agent under Section 14(e) of the Credit
Agreement 

D-2 

EXHIBIT E 

Form of Compliance Certificate 

COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 

[date] 

Reference is made to the
Credit Agreement dated as of July 7, 2022 (as it may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified, the Credit Agreement) by and among GROUSE FUNDING LLC, as borrower (the Borrower); the lenders
party thereto from time to time (the Lenders); GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent) and as syndication agent; STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMPANY as
collateral agent (in such capacity, the Collateral Agent) and collateral custodian; and VIRTUS GROUP, LP as collateral administrator (in such capacity, the Collateral Administrator). Capitalized terms used but
not otherwise defined herein have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 

This Compliance Certificate is with respect to the
Compliance Certificate Calculation Date of [], 20[]. 

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 5.14 of the Credit Agreement,
the undersigned, solely in his/her capacity as an Authorized Officer, hereby certifies that, except as identified directly below, as at such Compliance Certificate Calculation Date and the date of this certificate no Value Adjustment Events have
occurred. 

Steps the Borrower Entities and

the Servicer have taken and

Description of Value Adjustment expect to take with respect

Collateral Obligation Event thereto

[] [] []

Each of the undersigned hereby certifies to the Lenders, Administrative Agent, the Collateral Administrator,
the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Custodian and the other Secured Parties that all of the foregoing information and all of the information set forth on the attached Schedule A is true, complete and accurate in all material respects as of the date
hereof. 

It is understood and acknowledged that the undersigned is executing this certificate not in an individual capacity but solely as
a director or officer of the General Partner on behalf of the Borrower, and is without any personal liability as to the matters contained in this certificate. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the undersigned has caused this Compliance Certificate to be duly executed as of the date first written above.

E-1 

GROUSE FUNDING LLC, as Borrower

By: Apollo Debt Solutions BDC, its sole member

By: 

Name: Joseph D. Glatt

Title: Chief Legal Officer and Secretary

E-2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ck0001837532-20250130.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ck0001837532-20250130_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ck0001837532-20250130_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Jan. 30, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001837532

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Jan. 30, 2025

Entity Registrant Name Apollo Debt Solutions BDC

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 814-01424

Entity Tax Identification Number 86-1950548

Entity Address, Address Line One 9 West 57th Street

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10019

City Area Code (212)

Local Phone Number 515-3200

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
19 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://WWW.Adsbdc.com//20250130/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ck0001837532-20250130.xsd 
ck0001837532-20250130_lab.xml 
ck0001837532-20250130_pre.xml 
d842110d8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-019374-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>d842110d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001837532 

2025-01-30 
2025-01-30 

NY 
false 
0001837532 
8-K 
2025-01-30 
Apollo Debt Solutions BDC 
DE 
814-01424 
86-1950548 
9 West 57th Street 
New York 
10019 
(212) 
515-3200 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>