<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001560672-25-000039.txt : 20250401
<SEC-HEADER>0001560672-25-000039.hdr.sgml : 20250401
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250401064938
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001560672-25-000039
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		23
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250328
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to the Registrant's Code of Ethics, or Waiver of a Provision of the Code of Ethics
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250401
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250401

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Ellington Credit Co
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001560672
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		EIN:				460687599
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	811-24071
		FILM NUMBER:		25796520

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		53 FOREST AVENUE
		CITY:			OLD GREENWICH
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06870
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(203) 698-1200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		53 FOREST AVENUE
		CITY:			OLD GREENWICH
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06870

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Ellington Residential Mortgage REIT
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20121018
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>earn-20250328.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?earn-20250328

0001560672false3/3100015606722025-03-282025-03-28

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, DC 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):March 28, 2025

Ellington Credit Company

(Exact name of registrant specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-35896 46-0687599

(State or Other Jurisdiction Of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.)

53 Forest Avenue

Old Greenwich, CT06870

(Address of principal executive offices, zip code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (203) 698-1200

Not applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered

Common Shares of Beneficial Interest, $0.01 par value per share 

EARN 

The New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

EXPLANATORY NOTE

As previously disclosed, on March 29, 2024, the Board of Trustees (the "Board") of Ellington Credit Company (the "Fund") unanimously approved a strategic transformation of the Fund's investment strategy to focus on corporate collateralized loan obligations ("CLOs"). In connection with this transformation, the Fund: (i) revoked its election to be treated as a real estate investment trust for U.S. federal income tax purposes, effective January 1, 2024; (ii) changed its name to Ellington Credit Company from Ellington Residential Mortgage REIT; and (iii) held a special meeting of shareholders on January 17, 2025 (the "Special Meeting"). At the Special Meeting, shareholders of the Fund approved certain proposals (the "Conversion Proposals"), previously approved by the Board, to enable the Fund to convert to a non-diversified, closed-end investment company registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "1940 Act"), which is to be treated as a regulated investment company under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (namely, to convert to a "Closed-End Fund/RIC"). The Conversion Proposals included approval of the Investment Advisory Agreement (as defined below), a change in the Fund's legal form from a Maryland real estate investment trust to a Delaware statutory trust (the "Redomicile"), and approval of the Declaration of Trust (as defined below). On April 1, 2025 (the "Conversion Date"), the Fund filed a Notification of Registration pursuant to Section 8(a) of the 1940 Act filed Form N-8A and a Registration Statement on Form N-2 (the "Registration Statement") with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), thereby completing its conversion to a Closed-End Fund/RIC (together, the "Conversion"). The Registration Statement contains a description of the Funds investment objective, principal investment strategies, risk factors and other information following the Conversion.

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

Investment Advisory Agreement 

In accordance with the foregoing, on the Conversion Date, the Fund and Ellington Credit Company Management LLC (the "Adviser" or the "Manager") entered into an Investment Advisory Agreement (the "Investment Advisory Agreement"). 

The Investment Advisory Agreement replaces the Existing Management Agreement (as defined below). Pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Fund will pay the Adviser a quarterly fee (the "Base Management Fee") equal to 1.50% per annum of the Fund's Net Asset Value (as defined below), prorated for partial quarterly periods based on the number of days in such partial period compared to a 90-day quarter, and calculated and payable quarterly in arrears.

In addition to the Base Management Fee, pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Fund will pay the Adviser a performance fee (the "Performance Fee"). The Performance Fee is calculated and payable quarterly in arrears based upon the Fund's Pre-Performance Fee Net Investment Income (as defined below) with respect to each fiscal quarter, and is subject to a hurdle rate, expressed as a rate of return on the Fund's common equity, equal to 2.00% per quarter (i.e. 8.00% per annum), and is subject to a "catch-up" feature. Specifically:

If the Funds Pre-Performance Fee Net Investment Income for a fiscal quarter does not exceed the Hurdle Amount (as defined below) for such quarter, then no Performance Fee is payable to the Manager with respect to such quarter;

If the Funds Pre-Performance Fee Net Investment Income for a fiscal quarter exceeds the Hurdle Amount for such quarter but is less than or equal to 121.21% of the Hurdle Amount, then 100% of the portion of the Funds Pre-Performance Fee Net Investment Income that exceeds the Hurdle Amount (the "Catch-Up") is payable to the Manager as the Performance Fee with respect to such quarter. Therefore, once the Funds Pre-Performance Fee Net Investment Income for such quarter exactly reaches 121.21% of the Hurdle Amount, the Manager will have accrued a Performance Fee with respect to such quarter that is exactly equal to 17.5% of the Pre-Performance Fee Net Investment Income (because 21.21% of the Hurdle Amount (which is the Pre-Performance Fee Net Investment Income captured by the Manager during the Catch-Up phase) is equal to 17.5% of 121.21% of the Hurdle Amount (which is the entire Pre-Performance Fee Net Investment Income at the end of the Catch-Up phase)); and

If the Funds Pre-Performance Fee Net Investment Income for a fiscal quarter exceeds 121.21% of the Hurdle Amount for such quarter, then 17.5% of the Funds Pre-Performance Fee Net Investment Income is payable to the Manager as the Performance Fee with respect to such quarter.

With respect to the Performance Fee, there will be no accumulation of the Hurdle Amount from quarter to quarter, no claw back of amounts previously paid if the Pre-Performance Fee Net Investment Income in any subsequent quarter is below the Hurdle Amount for such subsequent quarter, and no delay or adjustment of payment if the Pre-Performance Fee Net Investment Income in any prior quarter was below the Hurdle Amount for such prior quarter.

The Investment Advisory Agreement has the following definitions: 

"Hurdle Amount" for any fiscal quarter means the result obtained by multiplying the Net Asset Value of Common Equity at the end of the immediately preceding fiscal quarter by the Hurdle Rate. The Hurdle Amount will be appropriately adjusted for any common share issuances or repurchases during the fiscal quarter.

2

"Hurdle Rate" means 2.00% per quarter, or 8.00% per annum. The Hurdle Rate will be appropriately prorated for partial quarterly periods based on the number of days in such partial period compared to a 90-day quarter.

"Net Asset Value" means the figure that is equal to the total assets of the Fund minus its total liabilities.

Net Asset Value of Common Equity means the portion of Net Asset Value attributable to common equity.

"Pre-Performance Fee Net Investment Income" for any fiscal quarter means interest income (including accretions of discounts, amortization of premiums, and payment-in-kind income), dividend income, and any other income (including any fee income) earned or accrued by the Fund during such fiscal quarter, minus the Funds operating expenses for such quarter (which, for this purpose, will not include any litigation-related expenses, any extraordinary expenses, or Performance Fee). Pre-Performance Fee Net Investment Income does not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. For purposes of computing Pre-Performance Fee Net Investment Income, the calculation methodology will look through total return swaps as if the Fund owned the referenced assets directly. As a result, Pre-Performance Fee Net Investment Income includes net interest (whether positive or negative) associated with a total return swap, which is the difference between (a) the interest income and transaction fees related to the reference assets and (b) all interest and other expenses paid by the Fund to the total return swap counterparty. In the case of an interest rate swap, Pre-Performance Fee Net Investment Income includes the net payments and net accruals of periodic payments.

The Investment Advisory Agreement has an initial term expiring on April 1, 2027, unless terminated earlier in accordance with its terms. Thereafter, the Investment Advisory Agreement will continue in effect from year to year, so long as such continuance shall be approved at least annually by (a) the vote of the Funds Board, or by the vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Fund and (b) the vote of a majority of the Funds trustees who are not parties to this Agreement or interested persons (as such term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act) of any such party, in accordance with the requirements of the 1940 Act. 

The foregoing description of the Investment Advisory Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Investment Advisory Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K (this "Current Report") and is incorporated herein by reference.

Administration Agreement 

In connection with the Conversion, on the Conversion Date, the Fund and Ellington Credit Company Administration LLC (the "Administrator") entered into an Administration Agreement (the "Administration Agreement"). 

Pursuant to the Administration Agreement, the Administrator will furnish the Fund with certain services, including office facilities, equipment and clerical, bookkeeping and record keeping services and the Administrator will also perform, or oversee the performance of, its required administrative services, which include, among other things, being responsible for the financial records which the Fund is required to maintain and preparing reports for its shareholders. In addition, the Administrator will assist the Fund in determining and publishing its Net Asset Value, oversee the preparation and filing of the Fund's tax returns and print and disseminate reports to the Fund's shareholders, as well as oversee the payment of the Fund's expenses and the performance of administrative and professional services rendered to the Fund by other parties. 

In exchange for the services rendered under the Administration Agreement, the Fund will pay the Administrator an amount equal to the Fund's allocable portion of the Administrators costs and expenses incurred in performing its obligations and providing personnel (including wages, salaries, bonuses and related payroll expenses) under the Administration Agreement, including rent, office supplies, the fees and expenses associated with performing compliance functions, as well as the Funds allocable portion of the costs of compensation and related expenses of the Funds Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, and their respective support staff. 

The Administration Agreement has an initial term expiring on April 1, 2027, unless terminated earlier in accordance with its terms. Thereafter, the Administration Agreement will renew automatically for successive annual periods, provided that such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (a) the vote of the Board or the vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Fund and (b) the vote of a majority of the Funds trustees who are not parties to this Agreement or interested persons (as such term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act) of any such party. 

The foregoing description of the Administration Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Administration Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.2 to this Current Report and is incorporated herein by reference.

3

Dividend Reinvestment Plan 

In connection with the Conversion, on the Conversion Date the Fund adopted a Dividend Reinvestment Plan (the "DRP") to be administered by Equiniti Trust Company, LLC as plan agent (the "Plan Agent"), pursuant to an agreement adopted on the Conversion Date. The DRP will apply to all dividends announced after the Conversion Date. 

Under the DRP, the Funds cash dividends and/or distributions (collectively, the Dividends), after deducting any applicable U.S. withholding taxes, will be automatically reinvested in additional shares of the same class to which the Dividends relate. 

Shareholders will automatically participate in the DRP unless they opt out by notifying the Plan Agent via telephone, in writing, or through the Plan Agents online portal. An opt-out election must be received by the Plan Agent before the record date of a given Dividend for such election to be effective for that Dividend. Shareholders holding shares through a nominee (e.g., a broker) must contact their nominee to make such elections. Shareholders who opt out will receive Dividends in cash. 

Under the DRP, whenever the Fund pays a Dividend, the Plan Agent will reinvest such Dividends for participating Shareholders in newly issued shares of the Fund at a price per share equal to 95% of the market price per share at the close of regular trading on the New York Stock Exchange (the "NYSE") on the Dividend payment date (or, if no sale is reported that day, the average of the last bid and ask prices reported by the NYSE). While the Fund generally intends to issue new shares under the DRP, the Board reserves the right to authorize the purchase of shares in the open market in connection with the DRP.

The foregoing description of the DRP does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the DRP, which is filed as Exhibit 10.3 to this Current Report and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 1.02 Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement. 

On March 31, 2025, the Manager sent notice (the "Termination Notice") to the Fund terminating the Sixth Amended and Restated Management Agreement, dated as of June 25, 2024, between the Fund and the Manager (the "Existing Management Agreement") pursuant to Section 13(e)(ii) thereof. In accordance with the terms of the Existing Management Agreement, the Manager is not entitled to a Termination Fee (as defined in the Existing Management Agreement) in connection with the termination. 

The foregoing description of the Termination Notice does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Termination Notice, which is filed as Exhibit 10.4 to this Current Report and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 3.03 Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders.

On March 28, 2025, the Fund filed (i) articles of conversion (the Articles of Conversion) with the State Department of Assessments & Taxation of Maryland, (ii) a certificate of conversion with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware (the "Certificate of Conversion"), and (iii) a certificate of trust (the "Certificate of Trust") with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, pursuant to which the Redomicile became effective at 6:00 a.m. EST on the Conversion Date (the "Effective Time"). In Connection with the Redomicile, the Fund adopted an Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust (the "Declaration of Trust") and Amended and Restated By-Laws (the "By-Laws"). 

At the Effective Time, each outstanding common share of the Fund, without any action by the holder thereof, became one common share of the Fund, now domiciled in Delaware. The common shares of the Fund continue to be listed for trading on the NYSE under the symbol EARN.

Prior to the Effective Time, the rights of shareholders, trustees and officers of the Fund were governed by Maryland law and by the Funds Maryland declaration of trust and Maryland bylaws. As a result of the Redomicile, following the Effective Time, the rights of shareholders, trustees and officers of the Fund are now governed by Delaware law, the Declaration of Trust, and the By-Laws. Certain rights of the Funds shareholders were changed as a result of the Redomicile. A more detailed summary of the changes to the rights of the Funds shareholders is contained in the section entitled Proposal 1: Approval of a Change in the Companys Legal Form From a Maryland Real Estate Investment Trust to a Delaware Statutory TrustComparison of Shareholder Rights in the Funds definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A, filed with the SEC on December 19, 2024, which description is incorporated herein by reference.

The foregoing description of the Articles of Conversion, the Certificate of Conversion, the Certificate of Trust, the Declaration of Trust and the By-Laws do not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Articles of Conversion, the Certificate of Conversion, the Certificate of Trust, the Declaration of Trust and the By-Laws, respectively, which are filed as Exhibits 3.1, 3.2, 3.3, 3.4 and 3.5, respectively, to this Current Report and is incorporated herein by reference.

4

Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

Redomicile

The disclosure set forth above under Item 3.03 (Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders) of this Current Report is incorporated by reference into this section of Item 5.03.

Change in Fiscal Year

In connection with the Conversion, the Fund changed its fiscal year to end on March 31, the day prior to the Conversion, with the Funds first full year following Conversion to end on March 31, 2026. Accordingly, the Fund will file the reports required under applicable law based on its new March 31 fiscal year-end. 

Item 5.05 Amendments to the Registrants Code of Ethics, or Waiver of a Provision of the Code of Ethics.

Effective on the Conversion Date, in connection with the Fund becoming an investment company registered under the 1940 Act, the Board adopted a new Code of Ethics for Principal Executive and Senior Financial Officers, which is applicable to the Fund's Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer/Treasurer and is available on the Funds website at https://www.ellingtoncredit.com, under the For Investors tab. The information on the Funds website does not constitute part of this Current Report and is not incorporated by reference herein.

Item 8.01. Other Events.

Press Release 

On April 1, 2025, the Fund issued a press release announcing the completion of the Conversion. A copy of the press release is furnished herewith as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report and is incorporated into this Item 8.01 by reference.

Change in Tax Year

In connection with the Conversion, the Fund expects to change its tax year to end on March 31, the day prior to the Conversion, with the Funds first full tax year following Conversion to end on March 31, 2026. Once such change is processed by the Internal Revenue Service, the Fund will file the tax returns required under applicable law based on its new March 31 tax year-end.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits. The following exhibits are being filed with this Current Report. 

Exhibit Description

3.1 

Articles of Conversion filed with the State Department of Assessments & Taxation of Maryland on March 28, 2025

3.2 

Certificate of Conversion filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on March 28, 2025

3.3 

Certificate of Trust filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on March 28, 2025

3.4 

Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust of Ellington Credit Company

3.5 

Amended and Restated By-Laws of Ellington Credit Company 

10.1 

Investment Advisory Agreement, dated April 1, 2025, by and between Ellington Credit Company and Ellington Credit Company Management LLC

10.2 

Administration Agreement, dated April 1, 2025, by and between Ellington Credit Company and Ellington Credit Company Administration LLC

10.3 

Ellington Credit Company Dividend Reinvestment Plan

10.4 

Termination Notice, dated March 31, 2025, from Ellington Credit Company Management LLC to Ellington Credit Company 

99.1 

Press Release dated April 1, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

5

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This communication contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are not historical in nature and can be identified by words such as "anticipate," "estimate," "will," "should," "may," "expect," "project," "believe," "intend," "seek," "plan" and similar expressions or their negative forms, or by references to strategy, plans, or intentions. Forward-looking statements are based on our beliefs, assumptions and expectations of our future operations, business strategies, performance, financial condition, liquidity and prospects, taking into account information currently available to us. These beliefs, assumptions, and expectations are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties and can change as a result of many possible events or factors, not all of which are known to us. If a change occurs, our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and strategies may vary materially from those expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements. The following factors are examples of those that could cause actual results to vary from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements: changes in interest rates and the market value of our investments, market volatility, changes in the default rates on corporate loans, our ability to borrow to finance our assets, changes in government regulations affecting our business, a deterioration in the market for collateralized loan obligations, our ability to adapt to the new regulatory regime associated with our conversion to a closed-end fund/RIC, potential business disruption related to our conversion to a closed-end fund/RIC, the acceptance by the IRS of the proposed change to our tax year, ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of our conversion to a closed-end fund/RIC, and other changes in market conditions and economic trends, such as changes to fiscal or monetary policy, heightened inflation, increased tariffs, slower growth or recession, and currency fluctuations. Furthermore, as stated above, forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including, among other things, those described under the heading "Risk Factors" in our Registration Statement, which can be accessed through the link to our SEC filings under "For Investors" on our website (at www.ellingtoncredit.com) or at the SEC's website (www.sec.gov). Other risks, uncertainties, and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or implied may be described from time to time in reports we file with the SEC, and is not possible for us to predict or identify them all. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.

This communication and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer of any securities or solicitation of an offer to purchase securities.

6

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

ELLINGTON CREDIT COMPANY

Dated: April 1, 2025 By: /s/ Christopher Smernoff

Christopher Smernoff

Chief Financial Officer

7
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex31articlesofconversion.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.1
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 3.1

ARTICLES OF CONVERSION

converting

ELLINGTON CREDIT COMPANY

a Maryland real estate investment trust

to

ELLINGTON CREDIT COMPANY

a Delaware statutory trust

THIS IS TO CERTIFY THAT:

FIRST: Ellington Credit Company (the Converting Company) is a Maryland real estate investment trust formed by the filing of the Declaration of Trust with the State Department of Assessments and Taxation of Maryland on August 2, 2012, and, by virtue of these Articles of Conversion, is converting (the Conversion) to Ellington Credit Company, a statutory trust formed under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Converted Trust), on the terms and conditions set forth herein.

SECOND: Upon the completion of the Conversion in accordance with the Maryland REIT Law and the Delaware Statutory Trust Act, the Converted Trust shall, for all purposes of the laws of the State of Maryland and the laws of the State of Delaware, continue as the same entity as the Converting Company, and the Conversion will have the effects set forth herein and in the Maryland REIT Law and the Delaware Statutory Trust Act. 

THIRD: Upon the completion of the Conversion: 

(a) Each outstanding common share of beneficial interest, par value $0.01 per share, of the Converting Company held by any shareholder of the Converting Company shall be converted into and exchanged for one share of beneficial interest, without par value, of the Converted Trust.

(b) No other shares of beneficial interest of the Converting Company of any class or series are issued or outstanding. 

FOURTH: The terms and conditions of the Conversion were advised, authorized and approved by the Converting Company in the manner and by the vote required by the provisions of Subtitle 7 of the Maryland REIT Law and the Declaration of Trust and Bylaws of the Converting Company.

FIFTH: The address of the principal office of the Converted Trust in the State of Delaware is c/o Cogency Global Inc., 850 New Burton Road, Suite 201, Dover, DE 19904.

SIXTH: The name and address of the resident agent of the Converted Trust in the State of Maryland is Cogency Global Inc., 1519 York Road, Lutherville, Maryland 21093.

SEVENTH: These Articles of Conversion shall become effective at 6:00 A.M., Eastern Time, on April 1, 2025.

EIGHTH: The undersigned acknowledges these Articles of Conversion to be the act and deed of the Converting Company and, further, as to all matters or facts required to be verified under oath, the undersigned officer acknowledges that, to the best of his knowledge, information and belief, these matters and facts relating to the Converting Company are true in all material respects and that this statement is made under the penalties of perjury.

[Signatures on next page]

1

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, these Articles of Conversion have been duly executed and attested on behalf of the Converting Company as of the 28th day of March, 2025.

ATTEST: ELLINGTON CREDIT COMPANY,

A Maryland real estate investment trust

/s/ JR Herlihy /s/ Laurence E. Penn

Name: JR Herlihy Name: Laurence E. Penn

Title: Treasurer Title: President 

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex32certificateofconversion.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.2
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 3.2

CERTIFICATE OF CONVERSION

CONVERTING

ELLINGTON CREDIT COMPANY

a Maryland real estate investment trust

to

ELLINGTON CREDIT COMPANY

a Delaware statutory trust

This Certificate of Conversion is being filed for the purpose of converting Ellington Credit Company, a Maryland real estate investment trust (the Converting Entity), to a Delaware statutory trust to be named Ellington Credit Company (the Trust), pursuant to Section 3820 of the Delaware Statutory Trust Act, 12 Del. C. 3801 etseq. (the Trust Act). 

The undersigned, being duly authorized to execute and file this Certificate of Conversion, does hereby certify for and on behalf of the Converting Entity that:

1.Date and Jurisdiction of Formation. The date on which, and the jurisdiction where, the Converting Entity was first created, formed or otherwise came into being are as follows: 

Date Jurisdiction

August 2, 2012 Maryland

2.Name and Type of Converting Entity. The name of the Converting Entity immediately prior to the filing of this Certificate of Conversion was Ellington Credit Company. The Converting Entity was a Maryland real estate investment trust immediately prior to the filing of this Certificate of Conversion. 

3.Name of Trust. The name of the Delaware statutory trust to which the Converting Entity has been converted, as set forth in the Certificate of Trust of the Trust filed in accordance with Section 3820(a) of the Trust Act, is Ellington Credit Company. 

4.Effective Time and Date. This Certificate of Conversion shall be effective at 6:00 a.m. (Eastern Time) on April 1, 2025.

[Signatures on next page]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has duly executed this Certificate of Conversion. 

ELLINGTON CREDIT COMPANY, a

A Maryland real estate investment trust

By: /s/ Laurence E. Penn

Name: Laurence E. Penn

Title: President
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex33certificateoftrust.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.3
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 3.3

CERTIFICATE OF TRUST

OF

ELLINGTON CREDIT COMPANY

This Certificate of Trust of Ellington Credit Company (the Trust) is being duly executed and filed by the undersigned, being all of the trustees of the Trust, to form a statutory trust under the Delaware Statutory Trust Act, 12 Del. C. 3801 etseq. (the Act) in connection with the conversion of Ellington Credit Company, a Maryland real estate investment trust, to a Delaware statutory trust. 

1.Name. The name of the Trust is Ellington Credit Company.

2.Registered Office and Registered Agent. The business address of the registered office of the Trust in the State of Delaware is 850 New Burton Road, Suite 201, Dover, DE 19904. The name of the Trusts registered agent at such address is Cogency Global Inc.

3.Registered Investment Company. The Trust is, or will become prior to or within 180 days following the first issuance of beneficial interests therein, a registered investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (15 U.S.C. 80a-1 etseq.).

4.Notice of Limitation of Liabilities of Series. Notice is hereby given that the Trust has or may hereafter establish one or more series and that, pursuant to Section 3804(a) of the Act, the debts, liabilities, obligations and expenses incurred, contracted for, or otherwise existing with respect to a particular series of the Trust shall be enforceable against the assets of such series only and not against the assets of the Trust generally or any other series thereof and, unless otherwise provided in the governing instrument of the Trust, none of the debts, liabilities, obligations and expenses incurred, contracted for or otherwise existing with respect to the Trust generally or any other series thereof shall be enforceable against the assets of such series.

5.Effective Time and Date. This certificate shall be effective at 6:00 a.m. (Eastern Time) on April 1, 2025.

[Signatures on next page]

1

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned, being all of the trustees of the Trust, have duly executed this Certificate of Trust.

/s/ Robert B. Allardice, III

Name: Robert B Allardice, III

Title: Trustee 

/s/ Mary McBride

Name: Mary McBride

Title: Trustee 

/s/ David J. Miller

Name: David J. Miller

Title: Trustee 

/s/ Laurence E. Penn

Name: Laurence E. Penn

Title: Trustee 

/s/ Ronald I. Simon, Ph. D.

Name: Ronald I. Simon, Ph.D.

Title: Trustee 

/s/ Michael W. Vranos

Name: Michael W. Vranos

Title: Trustee 

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.4
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>exhibit34-ardeclarationoft.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.4
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 3.4

ELLINGTON CREDIT COMPANY

AMENDED AND RESTATED DECLARATION OF TRUST 

Dated as of April 1, 2025

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE I. THE TRUST 4

1.1. Name 4

1.2. Trust Purpose 4

1.3. Definitions 4

ARTICLE II. TRUSTEES 5

2.1. Number and Qualification 5

2.2. Term and Election 5

2.3. Resignation and Removal 5

2.4. Vacancies 6

2.5. Meetings 6

2.6. Trustee Action by Written Consent 6

2.7. Chair 7

2.8. Officers 7

ARTICLE III. POWERS AND DUTIES OF TRUSTEES 7

3.1. General 7

3.2. Investments 7

3.3. Legal Title 7

3.4. Issuance and Repurchase of Shares 7

3.5. Borrowing Money or Utilize Leverage 7

3.6. Delegation; Committees 7

3.7. Collection and Payment 8

3.8. Expenses 8

3.9. Bylaws 8

3.10. Miscellaneous Powers 8

3.11. Further Powers 8

ARTICLE IV. ADVISORY, MANAGEMENT AND DISTRIBUTION ARRANGEMENTS 8

4.1. Advisory and Management Arrangements 8

4.2. Distribution Arrangements 9

4.3. Parties to Contract 9

ARTICLE V. LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY AND INDEMNIFICATION 9

5.1. No Personal Liability of Shareholders, Trustees, etc. 9

5.2. Mandatory Indemnification 9

5.3. No Bond Required of Trustees 10

5.4. No Duty of Investigation; No Notice in Trust Instruments, etc. 10

5.5. Reliance on Experts, etc. 11

5.6. Derivative Actions 11

ARTICLE VI. SHARES OF BENEFICIAL INTEREST 11

6.1. Beneficial Interest 11

6.2. Other Securities 12

6.3. Rights of Shareholders 12

6.4. Exchange and Conversion Privileges 12

6.5. Trust Only 12

6.6. Issuance of Shares 12

6.7. Register of Shares 13

2

6.8. Transfer Agent and Registrar 13

6.9. Transfer of Shares 13

6.10. Notices; Waiver of Notice 13

ARTICLE VII. DETERMINATION OF NET ASSET VALUE 14

7.1. Net Asset Value 14

7.2. Power to Modify Foregoing Procedures 14

ARTICLE VIII. CUSTODIANS 14

8.1. Appointment and Duties 14

8.2. Central Certificate System 14

ARTICLE IX. REPURCHASE OF SHARES 14

9.1. Repurchase of Shares 14

9.2. Disclosure of Holding 14

ARTICLE X. SHAREHOLDERS 15

10.1. Meetings of Shareholders 15

10.2. Voting 15

10.3. Notice of Meeting and Record Date 15

10.4. Quorum and Required Vote 15

10.5. Proxies, etc. 15

10.6. Reports 16

10.7. Inspection of Records 16

10.8. Delivery by Electronic Transmission or Otherwise 16

10.9. Shareholder Action by Written Consent 16

ARTICLE XI. DURATION; TERMINATION OF TRUST; AMENDMENT; MERGERS; ETC. 16

11.1. Duration 16

11.2. Termination 16

11.3. Amendment Procedure 17

11.4. Merger, Consolidation and Sale of Assets 17

11.5. Subsidiaries 17

11.6. Reserved 17

ARTICLE XII. MISCELLANEOUS 18

12.1. Filing 18

12.2. Resident Agent 18

12.3. Governing Law 18

12.4. Exclusive Delaware Jurisdiction 18

12.5. Agreement to be Bound 19

12.6. Counterparts 19

12.7. Reliance by Third Parties 19

12.8. Provisions in Conflict with Law or Regulation 19

12.9. Delivery by Electronic Transmission or Otherwise 19

3

ELLINGTON CREDIT COMPANY

AMENDED AND RESTATED DECLARATION OF TRUST

AMENDED AND RESTATED DECLARATION OF TRUST made as of the 1st day of April, 2025, by the Trustees hereunder.

WHEREAS, this Trust (as defined below) has been formed to carry on business as set forth more particularly hereinafter;

WHEREAS, this Trust is authorized to issue an unlimited number of its shares of beneficial interest all in accordance with the provisions hereinafter set forth;

WHEREAS, this Declaration (as defined below) amends and restates in its entirety that certain Agreement and Declaration of Trust dated May 3, 2013;

WHEREAS, the Trustees (as defined below) have agreed to manage all property coming into their hands as Trustees of a Delaware statutory trust in accordance with the provisions hereinafter set forth; and

WHEREAS, the parties hereto intend that the Trust shall constitute a statutory trust under the DSTA (as defined below) and that this Declaration and the Bylaws (as defined below) shall constitute the governing instrument of such statutory trust

NOW, THEREFORE, the Trustees hereby declare that they will hold all cash, securities, and other assets which they may from time to time acquire in any manner as Trustees hereunder in trust to manage and dispose of the same upon the following terms and conditions for the benefit of the holders from time to time of shares of beneficial interest in this Trust as hereinafter set forth. 

ARTICLE I.

THE TRUST

1.1.Name. This Trust shall be known as the Ellington Credit Company and the Trustees shall conduct the business of the Trust under that name or any other name or names as they may from time to time determine. Any name change shall become effective upon the execution by a majority of the then Trustees of an instrument setting forth the new name and the filing of a certificate of amendment pursuant to Section 3810(b) of the DSTA. Any such instrument shall not require the approval of the Shareholders (as defined below), but shall have the status of an amendment to this Declaration.

1.2.Trust Purpose. The purpose of the Trust is to engage in any lawful act or activity and to exercise any powers permitted to a statutory trust organized under the DSTA as now or hereafter in force, including conducting, operating and carrying on the business of an investment company within the meaning of the 1940 Act (as defined below).

1.3.Definitions. As used in this Declaration, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

The 1940 Act refers to the Investment Company Act of 1940 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and exemptions granted therefrom, as amended from time to time.

The 1934 Act refers to the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and exemptions granted therefrom, as amended from time to time.

The terms Affiliated Person, Assignment, Interested Person and Principal Underwriter shall have the meanings given them in the 1940 Act.

Board of Trustees or Trustees shall mean the Trustees collectively. 

Bylaws shall mean the Bylaws of the Trust as amended from time to time by the Trustees.

Class shall mean a class of Shares the Trust established in accordance with the provisions hereof.

Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations promulgated thereunder.

Commission shall mean the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Continuing Trustee shall mean Trustee who either (a) has been a member of the Board of Trustees for a period of at least thirty-six months (or since the date hereof, if less than thirty-six months) or (b) was nominated to serve as a member of the Board of Trustees by a majority of the Continuing Trustees then members of the Board of Trustees.

4

Declaration shall mean this Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust, as amended, supplemented or amended and restated from time to time.

Delaware General Corporation Law means the Delaware General Corporation Law, 8 Del. C. 100, et. seq., as amended from time to time.

DSTA shall mean the provisions of the Delaware Statutory Trust Act, 12 Del. C. 3801, et. seq., as such Act may be amended from time to time.

Fiscal Year means each period commencing on January 1 of each year and ending on December 31 of that year (or on the date of a final distribution made in accordance with Section 12.2 of this Declaration), unless the Trustees designate another fiscal year for the Trust. The taxable year of the Trust will end on December 31 of each year, or on any other date designated by the Trustees that is a permitted taxable year-end for tax purposes, and need not be the same as the Fiscal Year.

Fundamental Policies shall mean the investment policies and restrictions as set forth from time to time in any Registration Statement on Form N-2 of the Trust filed with the Commission and designated as fundamental policies therein, as they may be amended from time to time in accordance with the requirements of the 1940 Act.

Majority Shareholder Vote shall mean a vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities (as such term is defined in the 1940 Act) of the Trust with all classes of Shares voting together as a single class, except as with respect to votes which affect only one or more Classes, as provided for herein, in which case it shall mean a vote of a majority of outstanding voting securities of such Class or Classes, as applicable.

Person shall mean and include individuals, corporations, partnerships, trusts, limited liability companies, associations, joint ventures and other entities, whether or not legal entities, and governments and agencies and political subdivisions thereof.

Prospectus shall mean the Prospectus and Statement of Additional Information of the Trust, if any, as in effect and as may be amended from time to time.

Shareholders shall mean as of any particular time the holders of record of outstanding Shares of the Trust, at such time.

Shares shall mean the transferable units of beneficial interest into which the beneficial interest in the Trust shall be divided from time to time and includes fractions of Shares as well as whole Shares.

Trust shall mean the trust established by this Declaration and the Bylaws, as amended from time to time, inclusive of each such amendment.

Trust Property shall mean as of any particular time any and all property, real or personal, tangible or intangible, which at such time is owned or held by or for the account of the Trust or the Trustees in such capacity.

Trustees shall mean the signatories to this Declaration, so long as they shall continue in office in accordance with the terms hereof, and all other persons who at the time in question have been duly elected or appointed and have qualified as trustees in accordance with the provisions hereof and are then in office.

ARTICLE II.

TRUSTEES

2.1.Number and Qualification. As of the date hereof, the number of Trustees shall be six (6) and such Trustees shall be the signatories hereto. Thereafter, the number of Trustees shall be determined by a written instrument signed by a majority of the Trustees then in office, provided that the number of Trustees shall be no less than one (1) and no more than fifteen (15). No reduction in the number of Trustees shall have the effect of removing any Trustee from office prior to the expiration of his or her term. An individual nominated as a Trustee shall satisfy any applicable requirements of the 1940 Act. Trustees need not own Shares and may succeed themselves in office.

2.2.Term and Election. The Trustees (other than any Trustee elected solely by holders of one or more classes or series of preferred shares in connection with dividend arrearages) shall hold office until his or her successor shall have been elected and shall have qualified. 

2.3.Resignation and Removal. Any of the Trustees may resign their trust (without need for prior or subsequent accounting) by an instrument in writing signed by such Trustee and delivered or mailed to the Trustees or the Chair (if 

5

any), the Chief Executive Officer or the Secretary and such resignation shall be effective upon such delivery, or at a later date according to the terms of the instrument. Any of the Trustees may be removed (provided the aggregate number of Trustees after such removal shall not be less than the minimum number required by Section 2.1 hereof) for cause only, and not without cause, and by action taken by a majority of the remaining Trustees (or, in the case of an independent trustee (as such term is defined in the Delaware Statutory Trust Act), by action taken by a majority of the remaining independent trustees) or by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the Shares entitled to be cast generally in the election of Trustees. Upon the resignation or removal of a Trustee, each such resigning or removed Trustee shall execute and deliver such documents as the remaining Trustees shall require for the purpose of conveying to the Trust or the remaining Trustees any Trust Property held in the name of such resigning or removed Trustee. Upon the incapacity or death of any Trustee, such Trustees legal representative shall execute and deliver on such Trustees behalf such documents as the remaining Trustees shall require as provided in the preceding sentence.

2.4.Vacancies. The term of office of a Trustee shall terminate and a vacancy shall occur in the event of the removal, declination to serve, resignation, retirement, incompetence or other incapacity to perform the duties of the office, or death. Subject to the provisions of the 1940 Act and other applicable law, whenever a vacancy in the Board of Trustees shall occur, the remaining Trustees may fill such vacancy by appointing any individual as they may determine in their sole discretion by a vote of a majority of the Trustees then in office or may leave such vacancy unfilled or may reduce the number of Trustees; provided the aggregate number of Trustees after such reduction shall not be less than the minimum number required by Section 2.1 hereof. Any vacancy created by an increase in Trustees may be filled by the appointment of an individual made by a vote of a majority of the Trustees then in office. The Trustees may appoint a new Trustee as provided above in anticipation of a vacancy expected to occur because of the retirement, resignation or removal of a Trustee, or an increase in the number of Trustees, provided that such appointment shall become effective only at or after the expected vacancy occurs. No vacancy shall operate to annul this Declaration or to revoke any existing agency created pursuant to the terms of this Declaration. Whenever a vacancy in the number of Trustees shall occur, until such vacancy is filled as provided herein, the Trustees in office, regardless of their number, shall have all the powers granted to the Trustees and shall discharge all the duties imposed upon the Trustees by this Declaration. In the case of a failure to elect a Trustee at a meeting of Shareholders, the incumbent Trustee shall hold over as Trustee until the event of the death, resignation, retirement, removal, bankruptcy, incompetence or other incapacity to perform the duties of the office, or removal, of the Trustee or until election at a Shareholder meeting and qualification of his or her successor.

2.5.Meetings. Meetings of the Trustees shall be held from time to time upon the call of the Chair, if any, or the Chief Executive Officer, the Secretary or any two Trustees. Regular meetings of the Trustees may be held without call or notice, except as may be otherwise required by law, at a time and place fixed by the Bylaws, the Chair or by resolution or consent of the Trustees. Notice of any other meeting shall be given by the Secretary and shall be delivered to the Trustees orally or via electronic transmission not less than 24 hours, or in writing not less than 72 hours, before the meeting, but may be waived in writing by any Trustee either before or after such meeting. The attendance of a Trustee at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting except where a Trustee attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting to the transaction of any business on the ground that the meeting has not been properly called or convened. Any time there is more than one Trustee, a quorum for all meetings of the Trustees shall be one-third, but not less than two, of the Trustees. Unless provided otherwise in this Declaration and except as required under the 1940 Act, any action of the Trustees may be taken at a meeting by vote of a majority of the Trustees present (a quorum being present) or without a meeting by written consent as provided in Section 2.6. 

Any committee of the Trustees, including an executive committee, if any, may act with or without a meeting. A quorum for all meetings of any such committee shall be one-third, but not less than two, of the members thereof. Unless provided otherwise in this Declaration, any action of any such committee may be taken at a meeting by vote of a majority of the members present (a quorum being present) or without a meeting by written consent as provided in Section 2.6. 

With respect to actions of the Trustees and any committee of the Trustees, Trustees who are Interested Persons in any action to be taken may be counted for quorum purposes under this Section and shall be entitled to vote to the extent not prohibited by the 1940 Act or herein. 

All or any one or more Trustees may participate in a meeting of the Trustees or any committee thereof by means of a conference telephone, video or similar communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other; participation in a meeting pursuant to any such communications system shall constitute presence in person at such meeting. 

2.6.Trustee Action by Written Consent. Any action which may be taken by Trustees by vote may be taken without a meeting if that number of the Trustees, or members of a committee, as the case may be, required for approval of such action at a meeting of the Trustees or of such committee consent to the action in writing and the written consents are filed with the records of the meetings of Trustees. Such consent shall be treated for all purposes as a vote taken at a meeting of Trustees.

6

2.7.Chair. The Trustees may designate a Chair and a Vice Chair of the Board of Trustees, who shall have such powers and duties as determined by the Board of Trustees from time to time. Any Chair or Vice Chair shall be a Trustee. 

2.8.Officers. The Trustees shall elect a Chief Executive Officer, a Secretary and a Treasurer. Officers shall serve at the pleasure of the Trustees or until their successors are elected. The Trustees may elect or appoint or may authorize the Chair, if any, or Chief Executive Officer to appoint such other officers or agents with such powers as the Trustees may deem to be advisable. The Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Treasurer may, but need not, be a Trustee. 

ARTICLE III.

POWERS AND DUTIES OF TRUSTEES

3.1.General. The Trustees shall owe to the Trust and its Shareholders the same fiduciary duties as owed by directors of corporations to such corporations and their shareholders under the Delaware General Corporation Law. The Trustees shall have exclusive and absolute control over the Trust Property and over the business of the Trust to the same extent as if the Trustees were the sole owners of the Trust Property and business in their own right, but with such powers of delegation as may be permitted by this Declaration. The Trustees may perform such acts as in their sole discretion are proper for conducting the business of the Trust. The enumeration of any specific power herein shall not be construed as limiting the aforesaid power. Such powers of the Trustees may be exercised without order of or resort to any court.

3.2.Investments. The Trustees shall have power, subject to the Fundamental Policies in effect from time to time with respect to the Trust, to: (a) manage, conduct, operate and carry on the business of an investment company; and (b) subscribe for, invest in, reinvest in, purchase or otherwise acquire, hold, pledge, sell, assign, transfer, exchange, distribute or otherwise deal in or dispose of any and all sorts of property, tangible or intangible, including but not limited to securities of any type whatsoever, whether equity or non-equity, of any issuer, evidences of indebtedness of any person and any other rights, interests, instruments or property of any sort and to exercise any and all rights, powers and privileges of ownership or interest in respect of any and all such investments of every kind and description, including, without limitation, the right to consent and otherwise act with respect thereto, with power to designate one or more Persons to exercise any of said rights, powers and privileges in respect of any of said investments. The Trustees shall not be limited by any law limiting the investments which may be made by fiduciaries.

3.3.Legal Title. Legal title to all the Trust Property shall be vested in the Trust except that the Trustees shall have power to cause legal title to any Trust Property to be held by or in the name of one or more of the Trustees, or in the name of any other Person as nominee, custodian or pledgee, on such terms as the Trustees may determine, provided that the interest of the Trust therein is appropriately protected.

To the extent any Trust Property is titled in the name of one or more Trustees, the right, title and interest of the Trustees in the Trust Property shall vest automatically in each person who may hereafter become a Trustee upon his due election and qualification. Upon the ceasing of any person to be a Trustee for any reason, such person shall automatically cease to have any right, title or interest in any of the Trust Property, and the right, title and interest of such Trustee in the Trust Property shall vest automatically in the remaining Trustees. Such vesting and cessation of title shall be effective whether or not conveyancing documents have been executed and delivered.

3.4.Issuance and Repurchase of Shares. The Trustees shall have the power to issue, sell, repurchase, redeem, retire, cancel, acquire, hold, resell, reissue, classify and/or reclassify, dispose of, transfer, and otherwise deal in, Shares, including Shares in fractional denominations, and, subject to the more detailed provisions set forth in Articles VIII and IX, to apply to any such repurchase, redemption, retirement, cancellation or acquisition of Shares any funds or property whether capital or surplus or otherwise, to the full extent now or hereafter permitted corporations formed under the Delaware General Corporation Law.

3.5.Borrow Money or Utilize Leverage. Subject to the Fundamental Policies in effect from time to time with respect to the Trust, the Trustees shall have the power to borrow money or otherwise obtain credit or utilize leverage to the maximum extent permitted by law or regulation as such may be needed from time to time and to secure the same by mortgaging, pledging or otherwise subjecting as security the assets of the Trust, including the lending of portfolio securities, and to endorse, guarantee or undertake the performance of any obligation, contract or engagement of any other person, firm, association or corporation.

3.6.Delegation; Committees. The Trustees shall have the power to appoint from their own number, and terminate, any one or more committees consisting of one or more Trustees, including an executive committee which may exercise some or all of the power and authority of the Trustees as the Trustees may determine (including but not limited to the power to determine net asset value and net income and the power to declare a dividend or other distribution on the Shares of any series or class), subject to any limitations contained in the Bylaws, and in general to delegate from time to time to one or more of their number or to one or more officers, employees or agents of the Trust any or all of their powers, 

7

authorities, duties and the doing of such things and the execution of such instruments, either in the name of the Trust or the names of the Trustees or otherwise, as the Trustees may deem expedient (including but not limited to the power to declare a dividend or other distribution on the Shares of any series or class).

3.7.Collection and Payment. The Trustees shall have power to collect all property due to the Trust; to pay all claims, including taxes, against the Trust Property or the Trust, the Trustees or any officer, employee or agent of the Trust; to prosecute, defend, compromise or abandon any claims relating to the Trust Property or the Trust, or the Trustees or any officer, employee or agent of the Trust; to foreclose any security interest securing any obligations, by virtue of which any property is owed to the Trust; and to enter into releases, agreements and other instruments. Except to the extent required for a corporation formed under the Delaware General Corporation Law, the Shareholders shall have no power to vote as to whether or not a court action, legal proceeding or claim should or should not be brought or maintained derivatively or as a class action on behalf of the Trust or the Shareholders.

3.8.Expenses. The Trustees shall have power to incur and pay out of the assets or income of the Trust any expenses which in the opinion of the Trustees are necessary or incidental to carry out any of the purposes of this Declaration, and the business of the Trust, and to pay reasonable compensation from the funds of the Trust to themselves as Trustees. The Trustees shall fix the compensation of all officers, employees and Trustees. The Trustees may pay themselves such compensation for special services, including legal, underwriting, syndicating and brokerage services, as they in good faith may deem reasonable and reimbursement for expenses reasonably incurred by themselves on behalf of the Trust.

3.9.Bylaws. The Trustees shall have the authority to adopt and from time to time amend or repeal Bylaws for the conduct of the business of the Trust. The Shareholders shall also have the authority to adopt and from time to time amend or repeal Bylaws for the conduct of the business of the Trust by an affirmative vote of a majority of outstanding Shares of the Trust.

3.10.Miscellaneous Powers. Without limiting the general or further powers of the Trustees, the Trustees shall have the power to: (a) employ or contract with such Persons as the Trustees may deem desirable for the transaction of the business of the Trust; (b) enter into joint ventures, partnerships and any other combinations or associations; (c) purchase, and pay for out of Trust Property, insurance policies insuring the Shareholders, Trustees, officers, employees, agents, investment advisors, distributors, selected dealers or independent contractors of the Trust against all claims arising by reason of holding any such position or by reason of any action taken or omitted by any such Person in such capacity, whether or not constituting negligence, or whether or not the Trust would have the power to indemnify such Person against such liability; (d) establish pension, profit-sharing, share purchase, and other retirement, incentive and benefit plans for any Trustees, officers, employees and agents of the Trust; (e) make donations, irrespective of benefit to the Trust, for charitable, religious, educational, scientific, civic or similar purposes; (f) to the extent permitted by law, indemnify any Person with whom the Trust has dealings, including without limitation any advisor, administrator, manager, transfer agent, custodian, distributor or selected dealer, or any other person as the Trustees may see fit to such extent as the Trustees shall determine; (g) guarantee indebtedness or contractual obligations of others; (h) determine and change the fiscal year of the Trust and the method in which its accounts shall be kept; and (i) adopt a seal for the Trust, even though the absence of such seal shall not impair the validity of any instrument executed on behalf of the Trust.

3.11.Further Powers. The Trustees shall have the power to conduct the business of the Trust and carry on its operations in any and all of its branches and maintain offices both within and without the State of Delaware, in any and all states of the United States of America, in the District of Columbia, and in any and all commonwealths, territories, dependencies, colonies, possessions, agencies or instrumentalities of the United States of America and of foreign governments, and to do all such other things and execute all such instruments as they deem necessary, proper or desirable in order to promote the interests of the Trust although such things are not herein specifically mentioned. Any determination as to what is in the interests of the Trust made by the Trustees in good faith shall be conclusive. In construing the provisions of this Declaration, the presumption shall be in favor of a grant of power to the Trustees. The Trustees will not be required to obtain any court order to deal with the Trust Property.

ARTICLE IV.

ADVISORY, MANAGEMENT AND DISTRIBUTION ARRANGEMENTS

4.1.Advisory and Management Arrangements. Subject to the requirements of applicable law as in effect from time to time, the Trustees may in their discretion from time to time enter into advisory, administration or management contracts (including, in each case, one or more sub-advisory, sub-administration or sub-management contracts) whereby the other party to any such contract shall undertake to furnish such advisory, administrative and management services with respect to the Trust as the Trustees shall from time to time consider desirable and all upon such terms and conditions as the Trustees may in their discretion determine. Notwithstanding any provisions of this Declaration, the Trustees may authorize 

8

any advisor, administrator or manager (subject to such general or specific instructions as the Trustees may from time to time adopt) to exercise any of the powers of the Trustees, including to effect investment transactions with respect to the assets on behalf of the Trust to the full extent of the power of the Trustees to effect such transactions or may authorize any officer, employee or Trustee to effect such transactions pursuant to recommendations of any such advisor, administrator or manager (and all without further action by the Trustees). Any such investment transaction shall be deemed to have been authorized by the Board of Trustees.

4.2.Distribution Arrangements. Subject to compliance with the 1940 Act, the Trustees may retain underwriters and/or selling agents to sell Shares and other securities of the Trust. The Trustees may in their discretion from time to time enter into one or more contracts, providing for the sale of securities of the Trust, whereby the Trust may either agree to sell such securities to the other party to the contract or appoint such other party its sales agent for such securities. In either case, the contract shall be on such terms and conditions as the Trustees may in their discretion determine not inconsistent with the provisions of this Article IV or the Bylaws; and such contract may also provide for the repurchase or sale of securities of the Trust by such other party as principal or as agent of the Trust and may provide that such other party may enter into selected dealer agreements with registered securities dealers and brokers and servicing and similar agreements with persons who are not registered securities dealers to further the purposes of the distribution or repurchase of the securities of the Trust.

4.3.Parties to Contract. Any contract of the character described in Sections 4.1 and 4.2 of this Article IV or in Article VIII hereof may be entered into with any Person, although one or more of the Trustees, officers or employees of the Trust may be an officer, director, trustee, shareholder or member of such other party to the contract, and no such contract shall be invalidated or rendered voidable by reason of the existence of any such relationship, nor shall any Person holding such relationship be liable merely by reason of such relationship for any loss or expense to the Trust under or by reason of said contract or accountable for any profit realized directly or indirectly therefrom, provided that the contract when entered into was reasonable and fair and not inconsistent with the provisions of this Article IV or the Bylaws. The same Person may be the other party to contracts entered into pursuant to Sections 4.1 and 4.2 above or Article VIII, and any individual may be financially interested or otherwise affiliated with Persons who are parties to any or all of the contracts mentioned in this Section 4.3.

ARTICLE V.

LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY AND INDEMNIFICATION

5.1.No Personal Liability of Shareholders, Trustees, etc. No Shareholder of the Trust shall be subject in such capacity to any personal liability whatsoever to any Person in connection with Trust Property or the acts, obligations or affairs of the Trust. Shareholders shall have the same limitation of personal liability as is extended to shareholders of a private corporation for profit incorporated under the Delaware General Corporation Law. No Trustee or officer of the Trust shall be subject in such capacity to any personal liability whatsoever to any Person, save only liability to the Trust or its Shareholders arising from bad faith, willful misfeasance, gross negligence or reckless disregard for his duty to such Person; and, subject to the foregoing exception, all such Persons shall look solely to the Trust Property for satisfaction of claims of any nature arising in connection with the affairs of the Trust. No Trustee who has been determined to be an audit committee financial expert (for purposes of Section 407 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 or any successor provision thereto) by the Trustees shall be subject to any greater liability or duty of care in discharging such Trustees duties and responsibilities by virtue of such determination than is any Trustee who has not been so designated. If any Shareholder, Trustee or officer, as such, of the Trust, is made a party to any suit or proceeding to enforce any such liability, subject to the foregoing exception, he or she shall not, on account thereof, be held to any personal liability. Neither the repeal or modification of this Section 5.1, nor the adoption or modification of any other provision of this Declaration or the Bylaws inconsistent with this Article, shall adversely affect any right or protection of a Trustee or officer of the Trust existing at the time of such adoption, repeal or modification with respect to acts or omissions occurring prior to such adoption, repeal or modification.

5.2.Mandatory Indemnification.

(a)The Trust hereby agrees to indemnify, out of Trust Property, to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, each person who at any time serves as a Trustee or officer of the Trust (each such person being an indemnitee) against any liabilities and expenses (including amounts paid in satisfaction of judgments, in compromise or settlements, or as fines and penalties; any expenses of establishing a right to indemnification under this Article; and reasonable counsel fees reasonably incurred by such indemnitee in connection with the defense or disposition of, or advice in connection with, any action, suit, proceeding or investigation, whether civil or criminal, before or in connection with any court, or administrative or investigative body, in which he or she may be or may have been involved as a party, witness, participant or otherwise, or with which he or she may be or may have been threatened), incurred in connection with acting in any capacity set forth in this Article V or by reason of his having acted in any such capacity, except with respect to any matter 

9

as to which he or she shall not have acted in good faith in the reasonable belief that his action was in the best interest of the Trust or, in the case of any criminal proceeding, as to which he or she shall have had reasonable cause to believe that the conduct was unlawful; provided, however, that no indemnitee shall be indemnified hereunder against any liability to any person or any expense of such indemnitee arising by reason of (i) willful misfeasance, (ii) bad faith, (iii) gross negligence, or (iv) reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of his position (the conduct referred to in such clauses (i) through (iv) being sometimes referred to herein as disabling conduct); and provided further, that the termination of any proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction or plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent shall not of itself create a presumption that the indemnitee did not act in good faith or that the indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any action, suit or other proceeding voluntarily prosecuted by any indemnitee as plaintiff, indemnification shall be mandatory only if the prosecution of such action, suit or other proceeding by such indemnitee (1) was authorized by a majority of the Trustees or (2) was instituted by the indemnitee to enforce his or her rights to indemnification hereunder in a case in which the indemnitee is found to be entitled to such indemnification. The rights to indemnification set forth in this Declaration shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a Trustee or officer of the Trust and shall inure to the benefit of his or her heirs, executors and personal and legal representatives. No amendment or restatement of this Declaration or repeal of any of its provisions shall limit or eliminate any of the benefits provided to any person who at any time is or was a Trustee or officer of the Trust or otherwise entitled to indemnification hereunder in respect of any act or omission that occurred prior to such amendment, restatement or repeal.

(b)Notwithstanding the foregoing, no indemnification shall be made hereunder unless there has been a determination (i) by a final decision on the merits by a court or other body of competent jurisdiction before whom the issue of entitlement to indemnification hereunder was brought that such indemnitee is entitled to indemnification hereunder or, (ii) in the absence of such a decision, by (1) a majority vote of a quorum of those Trustees who are neither Interested Persons of the Trust nor parties to the proceeding (Disinterested Non-Party Trustees), that the indemnitee is entitled to indemnification hereunder, or (2) if such quorum is not obtainable or even if obtainable, if such majority so directs, independent legal counsel in a written opinion concludes that the indemnitee should be entitled to indemnification hereunder. All determinations to make advance payments in connection with the expense of defending any proceeding shall be authorized and made in accordance with the immediately succeeding paragraph (c) below.

(c)The Trust shall make advance payments in connection with the expenses of defending any action with respect to which indemnification might be sought hereunder if the Trust receives a written affirmation by the indemnitee of the indemnitees good faith belief that the standards of conduct necessary for indemnification have been met and a written undertaking to reimburse the Trust unless it is subsequently determined that the indemnitee is entitled to such indemnification and if a majority of the Trustees determine that the applicable standards of conduct necessary for indemnification appear to have been met. In addition, at least one of the following conditions must be met: (i) the indemnitee shall provide adequate security for his undertaking, (ii) the Trust shall be insured against losses arising by reason of any lawful advances, or (iii) a majority of a quorum of the Disinterested Non-Party Trustees, or if a majority vote of such quorum so direct, independent legal counsel in a written opinion, shall conclude, based on a review of readily available facts (as opposed to a full trial-type inquiry), that there is substantial reason to believe that the indemnitee ultimately will be found entitled to indemnification.

(d)The rights accruing to any indemnitee under these provisions shall not exclude any other right which any person may have or hereafter acquire under this Declaration, the Bylaws of the Trust, any statute, agreement, or vote of Shareholders or Trustees who are not interested persons (as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act) or any other right to which he or she or she may be lawfully entitled.

(e)Subject to any limitations provided by the 1940 Act and this Declaration, the Trust shall have the power and authority to indemnify and provide for the advance payment of expenses to employees, agents and other Persons providing services to the Trust or serving in any capacity at the request of the Trust or provide for the advance payment of expenses for such Persons, provided that such indemnification has been approved by a majority of the Trustees.

5.3.No Bond Required of Trustees. No Trustee shall, as such, be obligated to give any bond or other security for the performance of any of his duties hereunder.

5.4.No Duty of Investigation; No Notice in Trust Instruments, etc. No purchaser, lender, transfer agent or other person dealing with the Trustees or with any officer, employee or agent of the Trust shall be bound to make any inquiry concerning the validity of any transaction purporting to be made by the Trustees or by said officer, employee or agent or be liable for the application of money or property paid, loaned or delivered to or on the order of the Trustees or of said officer, employee or agent. Every obligation, contract, undertaking, instrument, certificate, Share, other security of the Trust, and every other act or thing whatsoever executed in connection with the Trust shall be conclusively taken to have been executed or done by the executors thereof only in their capacity as Trustees under this Declaration or in their capacity as officers, employees or agents of the Trust. The Trustees may maintain insurance for the protection of the Trust Property, Shareholders, Trustees, officers, employees and agents in such amount as the Trustees shall deem adequate to cover 

10

possible tort liability and such other insurance as the Trustees in their sole judgment shall deem advisable or as is required by the 1940 Act 

5.5.Reliance on Experts, etc. Each Trustee and officer or employee of the Trust shall, in the performance of its duties, be fully and completely justified and protected with regard to any act or any failure to act resulting from reliance in good faith upon the books of account or other records of the Trust, upon an opinion of counsel or upon reports made to the Trust by any of the Trusts officers or employees or by any advisor, administrator, manager, distributor, selected dealer, accountant, appraiser or other expert or consultant selected with reasonable care by the Trustees, officers or employees of the Trust, regardless of whether such counsel or expert may also be a Trustee. No such Trustee or officer shall be liable for any act or omission in accordance with such advice, records and/or reports and no inference concerning liability shall arise from a failure to follow such advice, records and/or reports. 

5.6.Derivative Actions. In addition to the requirements set forth in Section 3816 of the DSTA, a Shareholder or Shareholders may bring a derivative action on behalf of the Trust only if the following conditions are met: 

(a)The Shareholder or Shareholders must make a pre-suit demand upon the Board of Trustees to bring the subject action unless an effort to cause the Board of Trustees to bring such an action is not likely to succeed. For purposes of this Section 5.6, a demand on the Board of Trustees shall only be deemed not likely to succeed and therefore excused if a majority of the Board of Trustees, or a majority of any committee established to consider the merits of such action, is composed of Trustees who are not independent trustees (as such term is defined in the DSTA). 

(b)Unless a demand is not required under paragraph (a) of this Section 5.6, Shareholder(s) eligible to bring such derivative action under the DSTA must hold at least ten percent (10%) of the outstanding Shares of the Trust, or ten percent (10%) of the outstanding Shares of the Class to which such action relates, to join in the request for the Board of Trustees to commence such action. Further, no Shareholder or Shareholders may maintain a derivative action on behalf of the Trust unless holders of at least ten percent (10%) of the outstanding Shares join in the bringing of such action.

(c)In the case of any pre-suit demand made to the Board of Trustees, the Board of Trustees shall be afforded a reasonable amount of time to consider such Shareholder request and to investigate the basis of such claim. The Board of Trustees shall be entitled to retain counsel or other advisors in considering the merits of the request and shall require an undertaking by the Shareholders making such request to reimburse the Trust for the expense of any such advisors in the event that the Board of Trustees determines not to bring such action. 

(d)For purposes of this Section 5.6, the Board of Trustees may designate a committee of one Trustee to consider a Shareholder demand if necessary to create a committee with a majority of Trustees who are independent trustees (as such term in defined in the DSTA). 

(e)The requirements of paragraphs (b) and (c) of this Section 5.6, shall not apply to claims brought under the federal securities laws. 

(f)For the avoidance of doubt, no person, other than a Trustee, who is not a Shareholder shall be entitled to bring any derivative action, suit or other proceeding on behalf of the Trust. 

ARTICLE VI.

SHARES OF BENEFICIAL INTEREST

6.1.Beneficial Interest.

(a)The interest of the beneficiaries shall be divided into an unlimited number of transferable shares, all without par value. The Trustees may divide Shares into one or more Classes. All Shares issued in accordance with the terms hereof, including, without limitation, Shares issued in connection with a dividend or distribution in Shares or a split of Shares, shall be fully paid and, except as provided in the last sentence of Section 3.8, nonassessable when the consideration determined by the Trustees (if any) therefor shall have been received by the Trust.

(b)Subject to the further provisions of this Article VI, any restriction set forth in the Bylaws and any applicable requirements of the 1940 Act or any applicable exemptive relief issued by the Commission, the Trustees shall have full power and authority, in their sole discretion, and without obtaining any authorization or vote of the Shareholders of any Class to: (i) divide the beneficial interest in each Class into Shares as the Trustees shall determine; (ii) establish, designate, redesignate, classify, reclassify and change in any manner any Classand fix such preferences, voting powers, rights, duties and privileges and business purpose of each Class as the Trustees may from time to time determine, which preferences, voting powers, rights, duties and privileges may be different from any existing Class; provided, however, that the Trustees may not reclassify or change outstanding Shares in a manner materially adverse to Shareholders of such Shares, without obtaining the authorization or vote of the Class of Shareholders that would be materially adversely affected; (iii) divide or combine the Shares of any Class into a greater or lesser number without thereby materially changing the proportionate beneficial interest of the Shares of such Class in the assets held with respect to that Class; (iv) 

11

change the name of any Class; (v) dissolve and terminate any one or more Classes; and (vi) take such other action with respect to the Classes as the Trustees may deem desirable.

(c)The establishment and designation of any Class of Shares of the Trust shall be effective upon the adoption by a majority of the then Trustees of a resolution that sets forth such establishment and designation and the relative rights and preferences of such Class of Shares of the Trust, whether directly in such resolution or by reference to another document including, without limitation, any registration statement of the Trust, or as otherwise provided in such resolution.

(d)With respect to any Class of Shares of the Trust, each such Class shall represent interests in the assets of the Trust and have the same voting, dividend, liquidation and other rights and terms and conditions as each other Class of Shares of the Trust, except that, subject to applicable law, expenses allocated to a Class may be borne solely by such Class as determined by the Trustees and as provided herein, and a Class may have exclusive voting rights with respect to matters affecting only that Class.

(e)To the fullest extent permitted by Section 3804 of the DSTA and subject to the restrictions of the 1940 Act and any applicable exemptive relief issued by the Commission, the Trustees may allocate expenses of the Trust to a particular Class or to apportion the same between or among two or more Classes, provided that any expenses incurred by a particular Class shall be payable solely out of the assets belonging to that Class.

6.2.Other Securities. The Trustees may, subject to the Fundamental Policies and the requirements of the 1940 Act, authorize and issue such other securities of the Trust as they determine to be necessary, desirable or appropriate, having such terms, rights, preferences, privileges, limitations and restrictions as the Trustees see fit, including preferred shares, debt securities or other senior securities. To the extent that the Trustees authorize and issue preferred shares of any class or series, they are hereby authorized and empowered to amend or supplement this Declaration as they deem necessary or appropriate, including to comply with the requirements of the 1940 Act or requirements imposed by the rating agencies or other Persons, all without the approval of Shareholders. Any such supplement or amendment shall be filed as is necessary. In addition, any such supplement or amendment may set forth the rights, powers, preferences and privileges of such preferred shares and any such supplement or amendment shall operate either as additions to or modifications of the rights, powers, preferences and privileges of any such preferred shares under this Declaration. To the extent the provisions set forth in such supplement or amendment conflict with the provisions of this Declaration with respect to any such rights, powers and privileges of the preferred shares, such amendment or supplement shall control. Except as contemplated by the immediately preceding sentence, this Declaration shall control as to the Trust generally and the rights, powers, preferences and privileges of the other Shareholders of the Trust. The Trustees are also authorized to take such actions and retain such persons as they see fit to offer and sell such securities.

6.3.Rights of Shareholders. The Shares shall be personal property giving only the rights in this Declaration specifically set forth. The ownership of the Trust Property of every description and the right to conduct any business hereinbefore described are vested exclusively in the Trustees on behalf of the Trust, and the Shareholders shall have no interest therein other than the beneficial interest conferred by their Shares, and they shall have no right to call for any partition or division of any property, profits, rights or interests of the Trust nor can they be called upon to share or assume any losses of the Trust or, subject to the right of the Trustees to charge certain expenses directly to Shareholders, as provided in the last sentence of Section 3.8, suffer an assessment of any kind by virtue of their ownership of Shares. The Shares shall not entitle the holder to preference, preemptive or appraisal rights.

6.4.Exchange and Conversion Privileges. Subject to the provisions of the 1940 Act and provisions of this Declaration, the Trustees shall have the power and authority to provide that the Shareholders of any Class shall have the right to convert such Shares for Shares of one or more other Classes. Subject to the provisions of the 1940 Act and provisions of this Declaration, the Trustees shall have the power and authority to provide that the Shareholders of any Class may exchange their Shares for those of another fund.

6.5.Trust Only. It is the intention of the Trustees to create only the relationship of Trustee and beneficiary between the Trustees and each Shareholder from time to time. It is not the intention of the Trustees to create a general partnership, limited partnership, joint stock association, corporation, bailment or any form of legal relationship other than a trust. Nothing in this Declaration shall be construed to make the Shareholders, either by themselves or with the Trustees, partners or members of a joint stock association.

6.6.Issuance of Shares. The Trustees, in their discretion, may from time to time without vote of the Shareholders issue Shares, including preferred shares that may have been established pursuant to Section 6.2, in addition to the then issued and outstanding Shares and Shares held in the treasury, to such party or parties and for such amount and type of consideration, including cash or property, at such time or times, and on such terms as the Trustees may determine, and may in such manner acquire other assets (including the acquisition of assets subject to, and in connection with the assumption of, liabilities) and businesses. The Trustees may from time to time, without a vote of the Shareholders, divide, reclassify or combine the Shares into a greater or lesser number without thereby changing the proportionate beneficial 

12

interest in such Shares. Issuances and redemptions of Shares may be made in whole Shares and/or 1/1,000ths of a Share or multiples thereof as the Trustees may determine. 

6.7.Register of Shares. A register shall be kept at the offices of the Trust or any transfer agent duly appointed by the Trustees under the direction of the Trustees which shall contain the names and addresses of the Shareholders and the number of Shares held by them respectively and a record of all transfers thereof. Separate registers shall be established and maintained for each class or series of Shares. Each such register shall be conclusive as to who are the holders of the Shares of the applicable class or series of Shares and who shall be entitled to receive dividends or distributions or otherwise to exercise or enjoy the rights of Shareholders. No Shareholder shall be entitled to receive payment of any dividend or distribution, nor to have notice given to him as herein provided, until he or she has given his address to a transfer agent or such other officer or agent of the Trustees as shall keep the register for entry thereon. It is not contemplated that certificates will be issued for the Shares; however, the Trustees, in their discretion, may authorize the issuance of share certificates and promulgate rules and regulations as to their use, including, without limitation, requirements as to transfer and for the purchase of lost certificate insurance.

6.8.Transfer Agent and Registrar. The Trustees shall have power to employ a transfer agent or transfer agents, and a registrar or registrars, with respect to the Shares. The transfer agent or transfer agents may keep the applicable register and record therein, the original issues and transfers, if any, of the said Shares. Any such transfer agents and/or registrars shall perform the duties usually performed by transfer agents and registrars of certificates of stock in a corporation, as modified by the Trustees.

6.9.Transfer of Shares. Except as otherwise provided by the Trustees, Shares shall be transferable on the records of the Trust only by the record holder thereof or by its agent thereto duly authorized in writing, upon delivery to the Trustees or a transfer agent of the Trust of a duly executed instrument of transfer, together with such evidence of the genuineness of each such execution and authorization and of other matters (including compliance with any securities laws and contractual restrictions) as may reasonably be required. Upon such delivery the transfer shall be recorded on the applicable register of the Trust. Until such record is made, the Shareholder of record shall be deemed to be the holder of such Shares for all purposes hereof and neither the Trustees nor any transfer agent or registrar nor any officer, employee or agent of the Trust shall be affected by any notice of the proposed transfer. Each Shareholder will indemnify and hold harmless the Trust, the Trustees, each other Shareholder and any Affiliated Person of the Trust, the Trustees and each of the other Shareholders against all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including legal or other expenses incurred in investigating or defending against any losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs and expenses or any judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement), joint or several, to which these Persons may become subject by reason of or arising from (1) any transfer made by the Shareholder in violation of this Section 6.9 and (2) any misrepresentation by the transferring Shareholder or substituted Shareholder in connection with the transfer.

Any person becoming entitled to any Shares in consequence of the death, bankruptcy or incompetence of any Shareholder, or otherwise by operation of law, shall be recorded on the applicable register of Shares as the holder of such Shares upon production of the proper evidence thereof to the Trustees or a transfer agent of the Trust, but until such record is made, the Shareholder of record shall be deemed to be the holder of such for all purposes hereof, and neither the Trustees nor any transfer agent or registrar nor any officer or agent of the Trust shall be affected by any notice of such death, bankruptcy or incompetence, or other operation of law.

6.10.Notices; Waiver of Notice.

(a)Subject to any different provisions of this Declaration, including Section 10.3 hereof, any and all notices to which any Shareholder hereunder may be entitled and any and all communications shall be deemed duly served or given if presented personally to a Shareholder, left at his or her residence or usual place of business or sent via United States mail or by electronic transmission to a Shareholder at his or her address as it is registered with the Trust. If mailed, such notice shall be deemed to be given when deposited in the United States mail addressed to the Shareholder at his or her address as it is registered with the Trust with postage thereon prepaid. If transmitted electronically, such notice shall be deemed to be given when transmitted to the Shareholder by an electronic transmission to any address or number of the Shareholder at which the Shareholder receives electronic transmissions. The Trust may give a single notice to all Shareholders who share an address, which single notice shall be effective as to any Shareholder at such address, unless such Shareholder objects to receiving such single notice or revokes a prior consent to receiving such single notice.

(b)Whenever any notice is required to be given pursuant to this Declaration or the Bylaws or pursuant to applicable law, a waiver thereof in writing or by electronic transmission, given by the Person or Persons entitled to such notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to the giving of such notice. Neither the business to be transacted at nor the purpose of any meeting need be set forth in the waiver of notice of such meeting, unless specifically required by statute. The attendance of any Person at any meeting, including the attendance of a Trustee at a meeting of the Trustees, shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except where such Person attends a meeting for 

13

the express purpose of objecting to the transaction of any business on the ground that the meeting has not been lawfully called or convened.

ARTICLE VII.

DETERMINATION OF NET ASSET VALUE

7.1.Net Asset Value. The net asset value of each outstanding Share of each Class of the Trust shall be determined at such time or times on such days as the Trustees may determine, in accordance with the 1940 Act. The method of determination of net asset value shall be determined by the Trustees. The power and duty to make the net asset value calculations may be delegated by the Trustees.

7.2.Power to Modify Foregoing Procedures. Notwithstanding any of the foregoing provisions of this Article VII, the Trustees may prescribe, in their absolute discretion except as may be required by the 1940 Act, such other bases and times for determining the net asset value of each Class of the Trusts Shares or net income, or the declaration and payment of dividends and distributions as they may deem necessary or desirable for any reason, including to enable the Trust to comply with any provision of the Code, the 1940 Act, any securities exchange or association registered under the 1934 Act or any order of exemption issued by the Commission, all as in effect now or hereafter amended or modified.

ARTICLE VIII.

CUSTODIANS

8.1.Appointment and Duties. The Trustees shall at all times employ a custodian or custodians, meeting the qualifications for custodians for portfolio securities of investment companies contained in the 1940 Act, as custodian with respect to the assets of the Trust. Any custodian shall have authority as agent of the Trust as determined by the custodian agreement or agreements, but subject to such restrictions, limitations and other requirements, if any, as may be contained in the Bylaws of the Trust and the 1940 Act, including without limitation authority:

(1)to hold the securities owned by the Trust and deliver the same upon written order;

(2)to receive any receipt for any moneys due to the Trust and deposit the same in its own banking department (if a bank) or elsewhere as the Trustees may direct;

(3)to disburse such funds upon orders or vouchers;

(4)if authorized by the Trustees, to keep the books and accounts of the Trust and furnish clerical and accounting services; and

(5)if authorized to do so by the Trustees, to compute the net income or net asset value of the Trust;

all upon such basis of compensation as may be agreed upon between the Trustees and the custodian. 

The Trustees may also authorize each custodian to employ one or more sub-custodians from time to time to perform such of the acts and services of the custodian and upon such terms and conditions, as may be agreed upon between the custodian and such sub-custodian and approved by the Trustees, provided that in every case such sub-custodian shall meet the qualifications for custodians contained in the 1940 Act. 

8.2.Central Certificate System. Subject to such rules, regulations and orders as the Commission may adopt, the Trustees may direct the custodian to deposit all or any part of the securities owned by the Trust in a system for the central handling of securities established by a national securities exchange or a national securities association registered with the Commission under the 1934 Act, or such other Person as may be permitted by the Commission, or otherwise in accordance with the 1940 Act, pursuant to which system all securities of any particular class of any issuer deposited within the system are treated as fungible and may be transferred or pledged by bookkeeping entry without physical delivery of such securities, provided that all such deposits shall be subject to withdrawal only upon the order of the Trust.

ARTICLE IX.

REPURCHASES OF SHARES

9.1.Repurchase of Shares. Holders of Shares of the Trust shall not be entitled to require the Trust to repurchase or redeem Shares of the Trust.

9.2.Disclosure of Holding. The holders of Shares or other securities of the Trust shall upon demand disclose to the Trustees in writing such information with respect to direct and indirect ownership of Shares or other securities of the Trust as the Trustees deem necessary to comply with the provisions of the Code, the 1940 Act or other applicable laws or regulations, or to comply with the requirements of any other taxing or regulatory authority.

14

ARTICLE X.

SHAREHOLDERS

10.1.Meetings of Shareholders. Annual meetings of the Shareholders for the election of Trustees and the transaction of any business as determined by the Trustees within the powers of the Trust shall be held on the date and at the time set by the Board of Trustees. Other than annual meetings, the Trust will not hold Shareholder meetings unless required by the 1940 Act, the provisions of this Declaration, the By-Laws or any other applicable law. A special meeting of Shareholders may be called at any time by a majority of the Trustees or the Chief Executive Officer and shall be called by any Trustee for any proper purpose upon written request of Shareholders holding in the aggregate at least a majority of the outstanding Shares of the Trust, such request specifying the purpose or purposes for which such meeting is to be called. Any shareholder meeting, including a special meeting, shall be held within or without the State of Delaware (or may be held virtually) on such day and at such time as the Trustees shall designate.

10.2.Voting.

(a)Shareholders shall have no power to vote on any matter except matters on which a vote of Shareholders is required by applicable law, this Declaration or resolution of the Trustees. There shall be no cumulative voting in the election or removal of Trustees.

(b)Notwithstanding any other provision of this Declaration, on any matters submitted to a vote of the Shareholders, all Shares of the Trust then-entitled to vote shall be voted in aggregate, except: (i) when required by the 1940 Act and/or other applicable law, Shares shall be voted by individual Class; (ii) when the matter involves any action that the Trustees have determined will affect only the interests of one or more Classes, then only the Shareholders of such Class or Classes shall be entitled to vote thereon. 

10.3.Notice of Meeting and Record Date. Notice of all meetings of Shareholders, stating the time, place and purposes of the meeting, shall be given by the Trustees by mail to each Shareholder of record entitled to vote thereat at its registered address, mailed at least 10 days and not more than 90 days before the meeting or otherwise in compliance with applicable law. Only the business stated in the notice of the meeting shall be considered at such meeting; provided, however, that the foregoing shall in no way limit the ability of one or more adjournments to be considered at a meeting. Any adjourned meeting may be held as adjourned one or more times without further notice not later than 120 days after the original meeting date. For the purposes of determining the Shareholders who are entitled to notice of and to vote at any meeting the Trustees may, without closing the transfer books, fix a date not more than 90 nor less than 10 days prior to the date of such meeting of Shareholders as a record date for the determination of the Persons to be treated as Shareholders of record for such purposes.

10.4.Quorum and Required Vote.

(a)The holders of a majority of the Shares entitled to vote on any matter at a meeting present in person or by proxy shall constitute a quorum at such meeting of the Shareholders for purposes of conducting business on such matter. When any one or more Classes is to vote separately from any other Classes of Shares, holders of a majority of the Shares entitled to vote of each such Class shall constitute a quorum at a Shareholders meeting of that Class. The absence from any meeting, in person or by proxy, of a quorum of Shareholders for action upon any given matter shall not prevent action at such meeting upon any other matter or matters which may properly come before the meeting, if there shall be present thereat, in person or by proxy, a quorum of Shareholders in respect of such other matters. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the absence of a quorum, a Shareholders meeting may be adjourned by either a vote of a majority of the Shares present and entitled to vote at such meeting, or by the chair of such meeting in his or her sole discretion.

(b)Subject to any provision of applicable law, this Declaration or a resolution of the Trustees specifying a greater or a lesser vote requirement for the transaction of any item of business at any meeting of Shareholders, (i) with respect to the election of Trustees, the affirmative vote of a plurality of the Shares represented in person or by proxy at any meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Shareholders with respect to such matter, (ii) with respect to all other items of business, the affirmative vote of a majority of the Shares present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote on the subject matter shall be the act of the Shareholders with respect to such matter and (iii) where a separate vote of one or more Classes of Shares is required on any matter, the affirmative vote of a majority of the Shares of such Class present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote on the subject matter shall decide that matter insofar as that Class is concerned.

10.5.Proxies, etc. At any meeting of Shareholders, any holder of Shares entitled to vote thereat may vote by properly executed proxy, provided that no proxy shall be voted at any meeting unless it shall have been placed on file with the Secretary, or with such other officer or agent of the Trust as the Secretary may direct, for verification prior to the time at which such vote shall be taken. Pursuant to a resolution of a majority of the Trustees, proxies may be solicited in the name of one or more Trustees or one or more of the officers or employees of the Trust. No proxy shall be valid after the 

15

expiration of 11 months from the date thereof, unless otherwise provided in the proxy. Only Shareholders of record shall be entitled to vote. Each full Share shall be entitled to one vote and fractional Shares shall be entitled to a vote of such fraction. When any Share is held jointly by several persons, any one of them may vote at any meeting in person or by proxy in respect of such Share, but if more than one of them shall be present at such meeting in person or by proxy, and such joint owners or their proxies so present disagree as to any vote to be cast, such vote shall not be received in respect of such Share. A proxy purporting to be executed by or on behalf of a Shareholder shall be deemed valid unless challenged at or prior to its exercise, and the burden of proving invalidity shall rest on the challenger. If the holder of any such Share is a minor or a person of unsound mind, and subject to guardianship or to the legal control of any other person as regards the charge or management of such Share, he or she may vote by his guardian or such other person appointed or having such control, and such vote may be given in person or by proxy.

10.6.Reports. The Trustees shall cause to be prepared at least annually and more frequently to the extent and in the form required by law, regulation or any exchange on which Trust Shares are listed a report of operations containing a balance sheet and statement of income and undistributed income of the Trust prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles and an opinion of an independent public accountant on such financial statements. Copies of such reports shall be mailed to all Shareholders of record within the time required by the 1940 Act. The Trustees shall, in addition, furnish to the Shareholders at least semi-annually to the extent required by law, interim reports containing an unaudited balance sheet of the Trust as of the end of such period and an unaudited statement of income and surplus for the period from the beginning of the current fiscal year to the end of such period.

10.7.Inspection of Records. The records of the Trust shall be open to inspection by Shareholders to the extent permitted by Section 3819 of the DSTA but subject to such reasonable regulation as the Trustees may determine.

10.8.Delivery by Electronic Transmission or Otherwise. Notwithstanding any provision in this Declaration to the contrary, any notice, proxy, vote, consent, report, instrument or writing of any kind or any signature referenced in, or contemplated by, this Declaration or the Bylaws may, in the sole discretion of the Trustees, be given, granted or otherwise delivered by electronic transmission (within the meaning of the DSTA), including via the internet, or in any other manner permitted by applicable law.

10.9.Shareholder Action by Written Consent. Any action which may be taken by Shareholders by vote may be taken without a meeting if the holders, entitled to vote thereon, of the proportion of Shares required for approval of such action at a meeting of Shareholders pursuant to Section 10.4 consent to the action in writing and the written consents are filed with the records of the meetings of Shareholders. Such consent shall be treated for all purposes as a vote taken at a meeting of Shareholders.

10.10.Acquisition of Shares; Control Share Statute. The acquisition of Shares, whether from the Trust or in connection with a transfer of Shares from any holder of Shares and whether such Shares are outstanding as of the date hereof or issued after the date hereof, shall be exempt from the application of Subchapter III of the DSTA, and accordingly the voting rights of any holder of Shares shall not be affected thereby.

ARTICLE XI.

DURATION; TERMINATION OF TRUST; AMENDMENT; MERGERS; ETC.

11.1.Duration. Subject to possible termination in accordance with the provisions of Section 11.2 hereof, the Trust created hereby shall have perpetual existence.

11.2.Termination.

(a)The Trust may be dissolved, only upon approval of not less than 80% of the Trustees. Upon the dissolution of the Trust:

(i)The Trust shall carry on no business except for the purpose of winding up its affairs.

(ii)The Trustees shall proceed to wind up the affairs of the Trust and all of the powers of the Trustees under this Declaration shall continue until the affairs of the Trust shall have been wound up, including the power to fulfill or discharge the contracts of the Trust, collect its assets, sell, convey, assign, exchange, merge where the Trust is not the survivor, transfer or otherwise dispose of all or any part of the remaining Trust Property to one or more Persons at public or private sale for consideration which may consist in whole or in part in cash, securities or other property of any kind, discharge or pay its liabilities, and do all other acts appropriate to liquidate its business; provided that any sale, conveyance, assignment, exchange, merger in which the Trust is not the survivor, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all the Trust Property of the Trust shall require approval of the principal terms of the transaction and the nature and amount of the consideration by Shareholders.

16

(iii)After paying or adequately providing for the payment of all liabilities, and upon receipt of such releases, indemnities and refunding agreements, as they deem necessary for their protection, the Trustees may distribute the remaining Trust Property, in cash or in kind or partly each, among the Shareholders according to their respective rights. 

(b)After the winding up and termination of the Trust and distribution to the Shareholders as herein provided, a majority of the Trustees shall execute and lodge among the records of the Trust an instrument in writing setting forth the fact of such termination and shall execute and file a certificate of cancellation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. Upon termination of the Trust, the Trustees shall thereupon be discharged from all further liabilities and duties hereunder, and the rights and interests of all Shareholders shall thereupon cease.

11.3.Amendment Procedure.

(a)Except as provided in subsection (b) of this Section 11.3, this Declaration may be amended, after a majority of the Trustees (including a majority of the independent Trustees if such a vote is required under the 1940 Act) have approved a resolution therefor, by the affirmative vote required by Section 10.4 of this Declaration. The Trustees also may amend this Declaration without any vote of Shareholders to change the name of the Trust, to change the U.S. federal income tax classification of the Trust from an association taxable as a corporation to a partnership if the Trust elects to cease qualifying as a regulated investment company under Subchapter M of the Code, to make any other change that does not adversely affect the rights or preferences of any Shares, as they may deem necessary, or to conform this Declaration to the requirements of the 1940 Act or any other applicable federal or state laws or regulations including pursuant to Section 6.2 or, if applicable, the requirements of the regulated investment company provisions of the Code, but the Trustees shall not be liable for failing to do so.

(b)No amendment may be made to Section 2.1, Section 2.2, Section 2.3, Section 11.2(a), this Section 11.3, or Section 11.4 of this Declaration and no amendment may be made to this Declaration which would change any rights with respect to any Shares of the Trust by reducing the amount payable thereon upon liquidation of the Trust or by diminishing or eliminating any voting rights pertaining thereto (except that this provision shall not limit the ability of the Trustees to authorize, and to cause the Trust to issue, other securities pursuant to Section 6.2), except after a majority of the Trustees have approved a resolution therefor, and such amendment has been approved by the affirmative vote of the holders a majority of the Shares. Nothing contained in this Declaration shall permit the amendment of this Declaration to impair the exemption from personal liability of the Shareholders, Trustees, officers, employees and agents of the Trust or to permit assessments upon Shareholders.

(c)An amendment duly adopted by the requisite vote of the Board of Trustees and, if required under the 1940 Act or otherwise under this Declaration, the Shareholders as aforesaid, shall become effective at the time of such adoption or at such other time as may be designated by the Board of Trustees or Shareholders, as the case may be. A certification in recordable form signed by a majority of the Trustees setting forth an amendment and reciting that it was duly adopted by the Trustees and, if required, the Shareholders as aforesaid, or a copy of the Declaration, as amended, in recordable form, and executed by a majority of the Trustees, shall be conclusive evidence of such amendment when lodged among the records of the Trust or at such other time designated by the Board.

11.4.Merger, Consolidation and Sale of Assets. The Trust may merge or consolidate with any other corporation, association, trust or other organization or may sell, lease or exchange all or substantially all of the Trust Property, including its goodwill, upon such terms and conditions and for such consideration when and as authorized by two-thirds of the Trustees and, to the extent required by the 1940 Act, approved by a Majority Shareholder Vote and any such merger, consolidation, sale, lease or exchange shall be determined for all purposes to have been accomplished under and pursuant to the statutes of the State of Delaware.

11.5.Subsidiaries. Without approval by Shareholders, the Trustees may cause to be organized or assist in organizing one or more corporations, trusts, limited liability companies, partnerships, associations or other organizations to take over all of the Trust Property or to carry on any business in which the Trust shall directly or indirectly have any interest, and to sell, convey and transfer all or a portion of the Trust Property to any such corporation, trust, limited liability company, association or organization in exchange for the shares or securities thereof, or otherwise, and to lend money to, subscribe for the shares or securities of, and enter into any contracts with any such corporation, trust, limited liability company, partnership, association or organization, or any corporation, partnership, trust, limited liability company, association or organization in which the Trust holds or is about to acquire shares or any other interests. 

11.6.Reserved.

17

ARTICLE XII.

MISCELLANEOUS

12.1.Filing. This Declaration and any amendment or supplement hereto shall be filed in such places as may be required or as the Trustees deem appropriate. Each amendment or supplement shall be accompanied by a certificate signed and acknowledged by a Trustee stating that such action was duly taken in a manner provided herein and shall, upon insertion in the Trusts minute book, be conclusive evidence of all amendments contained therein. A restated Declaration, containing the original Declaration and all amendments and supplements theretofore made, may be executed from time to time by a majority of the Trustees and shall, upon insertion in the Trusts minute book, be conclusive evidence of all amendments and supplements contained therein and may thereafter be referred to in lieu of the original Declaration and the various amendments and supplements thereto.

12.2.Resident Agent. The Trust shall maintain a resident agent in the State of Delaware, which agent shall initially be Cogency Global Inc., 850 New Burton Road, Suite 201, Dover, DE 19904. The Trustees may designate a successor resident agent, provided, however, that such appointment shall not become effective until written notice thereof and any required filing is delivered to the office of the Secretary of the State.

12.3.Governing Law. The trust set forth in this instrument is made in the State of Delaware, and the Trust and this Declaration, and the rights and obligations of the Trustees and Shareholders hereunder, are to be governed by and construed and administered according to the DSTA and the laws of said State; provided, however, that there shall not be applicable to the Trust, the Trustees or this Declaration (a) the provisions of Sections 3540 and 3561 of Title 12 of the Delaware Code or (b) any provisions of the laws (statutory or common) of the State of Delaware (other than the DSTA) pertaining to trusts which relate to or regulate: (i) the filing with any court or governmental body or agency of trustee accounts or schedules of trustee fees and charges, (ii) affirmative requirements to post bonds for trustees, officers, agents or employees of a trust, (iii) the necessity for obtaining court or other governmental approval concerning the acquisition, holding or disposition of real or personal property, (iv) fees or other sums payable to trustees, officers, agents or employees of a trust, (v) the allocation of receipts and expenditures to income or principal, (vi) restrictions or limitations on the permissible nature, amount or concentration of trust investments or requirements relating to the titling, storage or other manner of holding of trust assets, or (vii) the establishment of fiduciary or other standards or responsibilities or limitations on the acts or powers of trustees, which are inconsistent with the limitations or liabilities or authorities and powers of the Trustees set forth or referenced in this Declaration. The Trust shall be of the type commonly called a statutory trust, and without limiting the provisions hereof, the Trust may exercise all powers which are ordinarily exercised by such a trust under Delaware law. The Trust specifically reserves the right to exercise any of the powers or privileges afforded to trusts or actions that may be engaged in by trusts under the Delaware Statutory Trust Statute, and the absence of a specific reference herein to any such power, privilege or action shall not imply that the Trust may not exercise such power or privilege or take such actions.

12.4.Exclusive Delaware Jurisdiction. Each Trustee, each officer and each Person legally or beneficially owning a Share or an interest in a Share of the Trust (whether through a broker, dealer, bank, trust company or clearing corporation or an agent of any of the foregoing or otherwise), to the fullest extent permitted by law, including Section 3804(e) of the DSTA, (i) irrevocably agrees that any claims, suits, actions or proceedings asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs (or similar) doctrine or arising out of or relating in any way to the Trust, the DSTA, this Declaration or the Bylaws (including, without limitation, any claims, suits, actions or proceedings to interpret, apply or enforce (A) the provisions of this Declaration or the Bylaws, or (B) the duties (including fiduciary duties), obligations or liabilities of the Trust to the Shareholders or the Trustees, or of officers or the Trustees or the Delaware Trustee to the Trust, to the Shareholders or each other, or (C) the rights or powers of, or restrictions on, the Trust, the officers, the Trustees, the Delaware Trustee or the Shareholders, or (D) any provision of the DSTA or other laws of the State of Delaware pertaining to trusts made applicable to the Trust pursuant to Section 3809 of the DSTA, or (E) any other instrument, document, agreement or certificate contemplated by any provision of the DSTA, the Declaration or the Bylaws relating in any way to the Trust (regardless, in each case, of whether such claims, suits, actions or proceedings (x) sound in contract, tort, fraud or otherwise, (y) are based on common law, statutory, equitable, legal or other grounds, or (z) are derivative or direct claims)), shall be exclusively brought in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or, if such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction thereof, any other court in the State of Delaware with subject matter jurisdiction, (ii) irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts in connection with any such claim, suit, action or proceeding, (iii) irrevocably agrees not to, and waives any right to, assert in any such claim, suit, action or proceeding that (A) it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of such courts or any other court to which proceedings in such courts may be appealed, (B) such claim, suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum, or (C) the venue of such claim, suit, action or proceeding is improper, (iv) consents to process being served in any such claim, suit, action or proceeding by mailing, certified mail, return receipt requested, or via electronic transmission a copy thereof to such party at the address in effect for notices hereunder, and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof; provided, 

18

nothing in clause (iv) hereof shall affect or limit any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law, and (v) irrevocably waives any and all right to trial by jury in any such claim, suit, action or proceeding; provided, however, this Section 12.4 shall not apply to any claims asserted under the U.S. federal securities laws including, without limitation, the 1940 Act.

12.5.Agreement to be Bound. EVERY PERSON, BY VIRTUE OF HAVING BECOME A SHAREHOLDER IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS DECLARATION AND THE BYLAWS, AS THE SAME MAY BE AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME, SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE EXPRESSLY ASSENTED AND AGREED TO THE TERMS OF, AND SHALL BE BOUND BY, THIS DECLARATION AND THE BYLAWS.

12.6.Counterparts. This Declaration may be simultaneously executed in several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, and such counterparts, together, shall constitute one and the same instrument, which shall be sufficiently evidenced by any such original counterpart.

12.7.Reliance by Third Parties. Any certificate executed by an individual who, according to the records of the Trust, or of any recording office in which this Declaration may be recorded, appears to be a Trustee hereunder, certifying to: (a) the number or identity of Trustees or Shareholders, (b) the name of the Trust, (c) the due authorization of the execution of any instrument or writing, (d) the form of any vote passed at a meeting of Trustees or Shareholders, (e) the fact that the number of Trustees or Shareholders present at any meeting or executing any written instrument satisfies the requirements of this Declaration, (f) the form of any Bylaws adopted by or the identity of any officers elected by the Trustees, or (g) the existence of any fact or facts which in any manner relate to the affairs of the Trust, shall be conclusive evidence as to the matters so certified in favor of any person dealing with the Trustees and their successors.

12.8.Provisions in Conflict with Law or Regulation.

(a)The provisions of this Declaration are severable, and if the Trustees shall determine, with the advice of counsel, that any of such provisions is in conflict with the 1940 Act, if applicable, with the regulated investment company provisions of the Code, if applicable, or with other applicable laws and regulations, the conflicting provision shall be deemed never to have constituted a part of this Declaration; provided, however, that such determination shall not affect any of the remaining provisions of this Declaration or render invalid or improper any action taken or omitted prior to such determination.

(b)If any provision of this Declaration shall be held invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability shall attach only to such provision in such jurisdiction and shall not in any manner affect such provision in any other jurisdiction or any other provision of this Declaration in any jurisdiction.

12.9.Delivery by Electronic Transmission or Otherwise. Notwithstanding any provision in this Declaration to the contrary, any notice, proxy, vote, consent, instrument or writing of any kind referenced in, or contemplated by, this Declaration or the Bylaws may, in the sole discretion of the Trustees, be given, granted or otherwise delivered by electronic transmission (within the meaning of the DSTA), including via the internet, or in any other manner permitted by applicable law, and may be made using an electronic signature (within the meaning of the DSTA).

19

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused these presents to be executed as of the day and year first above written. 

By: /s/ Robert B. Allardice, III

Robert B. Allardice, III

Trustee

By: /s/ Mary McBride

Mary McBride

Trustee

By: /s/ David J. Miller

David J. Miller

Trustee

By: /s/ Laurence E. Penn

Laurence E. Penn

Trustee

By: /s/ Ronald I. Simon, Ph.D.

Ronald I. Simon, Ph.D.

Trustee

By: /s/ Micharl W. Vranos

Michael W. Vranos

Trustee

[Signature Page to Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust of Ellington Credit Company] 

20
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.5
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex35amendedandrestatedby-l.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.5
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 3.5

ELLINGTON CREDIT COMPANY

AMENDED AND RESTATED BY-LAWS

Dated as of April 1, 2025

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ARTICLE I

SHAREHOLDER MEETINGS

1.1 Chair 1

1.2 

Proxies; Voting 1

1.3 

Fixing Record Dates 1

1.4 Inspectors of Election 1

1.5 Records at Shareholder Meetings 1

1.6 Annual Meeting 1

1.7 Special Meetings 1

1.8 

Advance Notice of Shareholder Nominees for Trustee and Other Shareholder Proposals 3

1.9 Postponement 7

1.10 Meetings by Remote Communication 7

ARTICLE II

TRUSTEES

2.1 Regular Meetings 7

2.2 Chair, Records 7

ARTICLE III

OFFICERS

3.1 Officers of the Trust 7

3.2 Tenure 8

3.3 Removal of Officers 8

3.4 Bonds and Surety 8

3.5 Chief Executive Officer and President 8

3.6 Secretary 8

3.7 Treasurer 8

3.8 Other Officers and Duties 8

ARTICLE IV

MISCELLANEOUS

4.1 Depositories 9

4.2 Signatures 9

4.3 Seal 9

9

ARTICLE V

SHARE TRANSFERS

5.1 Transfer Agents, Registrars and the Like 9

5.2 Transfer of Shares 9

5.3 Registered Shareholders 9

9

ARTICLE VI

AMENDMENT OF BY-LAWS

6.1 Amendment and Repeal of By-Laws 9

ELLINGTON CREDIT COMPANY

BY-LAWS

These Amended and Restated By-Laws (the By-Laws) are made and adopted pursuant to Section 3.9 of the Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust establishing Ellington Credit Company (the Trust), dated as February 3, 2025, as from time to time amended (hereinafter called the Declaration). All words and terms capitalized in these By-Laws shall have the meaning or meanings set forth for such words or terms in the Declaration.

ARTICLE I

SHAREHOLDER MEETINGS

1.1 Chair. The Chair, if any, shall act as chair at all meetings of the Shareholders; in the Chairs absence, the Vice Chair, if any, shall act as chair; in the absence of both the Chair and Vice Chair, the Trustee or Trustees present at each meeting may elect a temporary chair for the meeting, who may be one of themselves.

1.2 Proxies; Voting. Shareholders may vote either in person or by duly executed proxy and each full share represented at the meeting shall have one vote, all as provided in Article X of the Declaration.

1.3 Fixing Record Dates. For the purpose of determining the Shareholders who are entitled to notice of or to vote or act at any meeting, including any adjournment thereof, or who are entitled to participate in any dividends, or for any other proper purpose, the Trustees may from time to time, without closing the transfer books, fix a record date in the manner provided in Section 10.3 of the Declaration. If the Trustees do not prior to any meeting of Shareholders so fix a record date or close the transfer books, then the date of mailing notice of the meeting or the date upon which the dividend resolution is adopted, as the case may be, shall be the record date.

1.4 Inspectors of Election. In advance of any meeting of Shareholders, the Trustees may appoint Inspectors of Election to act at the meeting or any adjournment thereof. If Inspectors of Election are not so appointed, the Chair, if any, of any meeting of Shareholders may, and on the request of any Shareholder or Shareholder proxy shall, appoint Inspectors of Election of the meeting. The number of Inspectors of Election shall be either one or three. If appointed at the meeting on the request of one or more Shareholders or proxies, a majority of Shares present shall determine whether one or three Inspectors of Election are to be appointed, but failure to allow such determination by the Shareholders shall not affect the validity of the appointment of Inspectors of Election. In case any person appointed as Inspector of Election fails to appear or fails or refuses to act, the vacancy may be filled by appointment made by the Trustees in advance of the convening of the meeting or at the meeting by the person acting as chair. The Inspectors of Election shall determine the number of Shares outstanding, the Shares represented at the meeting, the existence of a quorum, the authenticity, validity and effect of proxies, shall receive votes, ballots or consents, shall hear and determine all challenges and questions in any way arising in connection with the right to vote, shall count and tabulate all votes or consents, determine the results and do such other acts as may be proper to conduct the election or vote with fairness to all Shareholders. If there are three Inspectors of Election, the decision, act or certificate of a majority is effective in all respects as the decision, act or certificate of all. On request of the Chair, if any, of the meeting, or of any Shareholder or Shareholder proxy, the Inspectors of Election shall make a report in writing of any challenge or question or matter determined by them and shall execute a certificate of any facts found by them.

1.5 Records at Shareholder Meetings. At each meeting of the Shareholders, there shall be made available for inspection at a convenient time and place during normal business hours, if requested by Shareholders, the minutes of the last previous meeting of Shareholders of the Trust and a list of the Shareholders of the Trust, as of the record date of the meeting or the date of closing of transfer books, as the case may be. Such list of Shareholders shall contain the name and the address of each Shareholder in alphabetical order and the number of Shares owned by such Shareholder.

1.6 Annual Meeting. Annual meetings of the Shareholders for the election of Trustees and the transaction of any business within the powers of the Trust shall be held on the date and at the time set by the Board of Trustees in accordance with the terms of the Declaration.

1.7 Special Meetings

(a)General. A special meeting of Shareholders may be called at any time by a majority of the Trustees or the Chief Executive Officer. Subject to subsection (b) of this Section 1.7, a special meeting of Shareholders also shall be called by any Trustee for any proper purpose upon written request of Shareholders holding in the aggregate at least a majority of the outstanding Shares of the Trust, such request specifying the purpose or purposes for which such meeting is to be called.

1

(b)Shareholder Requested Special Meetings.

(1)Any Shareholder of record seeking to have Shareholders request a special meeting shall, by sending written notice to the Secretary (the Record Date Request Notice) by registered mail, return receipt requested, request the Board of Trustees to fix a record date to determine the Shareholders entitled to request a special meeting (the Request Record Date). The Record Date Request Notice shall set forth the purpose of the meeting and the matters proposed to be acted on it, shall be signed by one or more Shareholders of record as of the date of signature (or their agents duly authorized in a writing accompanying the Record Date Request Notice), shall bear the date of signature of each such Shareholder (or such agent) and shall set forth all information relating to each such Shareholder and each matter proposed to be acted on at the meeting that would be required to be disclosed in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the election of trustees in an election contest (even if an election contest is not involved), or would otherwise be required in connection with such a solicitation, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A (or any successor provision) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the Exchange Act). Upon receiving the Record Date Request Notice, the Board of Trustees may fix a Request Record Date. The Request Record Date shall not precede and shall not be more than 10 days after the close of business on the date on which the resolution fixing the Request Record Date is adopted by the Board of Trustees. If the Board of Trustees, within 10 days after the date on which a valid Record Date Request Notice is received, fails to adopt a resolution fixing the Request Record Date, the Request Record Date shall be the close of business on the 10th day after the first date on which a Record Date Request Notice is received by the Secretary.

(2)In order for any Shareholder to request a special meeting to act on any matter that may properly be considered at a meeting of Shareholders, one or more written requests for a special meeting (collectively, the Special Meeting Request) signed by Shareholders of record (or their agents duly authorized in a writing accompanying the request) as of the Request Record Date entitled to cast not less than a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on such matter at such meeting (the Special Meeting Percentage) shall be delivered to the Secretary. In addition, the Special Meeting Request shall (a) set forth the purpose of the meeting and the matters proposed to be acted on at it (which shall be limited to those lawful matters set forth in the Record Date Request Notice received by the Secretary), (b) bear the date of signature of each such Shareholder (or such agent) signing the Special Meeting Request, (c) set forth (i) the name and address, as they appear in the Trusts books, of each Shareholder signing such request (or on whose behalf the Special Meeting Request is signed), (ii) the class, series and number of all Shares which are owned (beneficially or of record) by each such Shareholder and (iii) the nominee holder for, and number of, Shares owned beneficially but not of record by such Shareholder, (d) be sent to the Secretary by registered mail, return receipt requested, and (e) be received by the Secretary within 60 days after the Request Record Date. Any requesting Shareholder (or agent duly authorized in a writing accompanying the revocation of the Special Meeting Request) may revoke his, her or its request for a special meeting at any time by written revocation delivered to the Secretary.

(3)The Secretary shall inform the requesting Shareholders of the reasonably estimated cost of preparing and mailing or delivering the notice of the meeting (including the Trusts proxy materials). The Secretary shall not be required to call a special meeting upon Shareholder request and such meeting shall not be held unless, in addition to the documents required by paragraph (2) of this Section 1.7(b), the Secretary receives payment of such reasonably estimated cost prior to the preparation and mailing or delivery of such notice of the meeting.

(4)Except as provided in the next sentence, any special meeting shall be held at such place, date and time as may be designated by the Chair, the Chief Executive Officer, the President or the Board of Trustees, whoever has called the meeting. In the case of any adjourned meeting, the meeting may be held as adjourned one or more times without further notice not later than 120 days after the original meeting date. In the case of any special meeting called by the Secretary upon the request of Shareholders (a Shareholder-Requested Meeting), such meeting shall be held at such place, date and time as may be designated by the Board of Trustees; provided, however, that the date of any Shareholder-Requested Meeting shall be not less than 10 and not more than 90 days after the record date for such meeting (the Meeting Record Date); and provided further that if the Board of Trustees fails to designate, within 10 days after the date that a valid Special Meeting Request is actually received by the Secretary (the Delivery Date), a date and time for a Shareholder-Requested Meeting, then such meeting shall be held at 2:00 p.m., local time, on the 90th day after the Meeting Record Date or, if such 90th day is not a Business Day (as defined below), on the first preceding Business Day; and provided further that in the event that the Board of Trustees fails to designate a place for a Shareholder-Requested Meeting within 10 days after the Delivery Date, then such meeting shall be held at the principal executive office of the Trust. In fixing a date for a Shareholder-Requested Meeting, the Board of Trustees may consider such factors as it deems relevant, including, without limitation, the 

2

nature of the matters to be considered, the facts and circumstances surrounding any request for the meeting and any plan of the Board of Trustees to call an annual meeting or a special meeting. In the case of any Shareholder-Requested Meeting, if the Board of Trustees fails to fix a Meeting Record Date that is a date within 30 days after the Delivery Date, then the close of business on the 30th day after the Delivery Date shall be the Meeting Record Date. The Board of Trustees may refuse to distribute or, if distributed, revoke the notice for any Shareholder-Requested Meeting in the event that the requesting Shareholders fail to comply with the provisions of paragraph (3) of this Section 1.7(b).

(5)If written revocations of the Special Meeting Request have been delivered to the Secretary and the result is that Shareholders of record (or their agents duly authorized in writing), as of the Request Record Date, entitled to cast less than the Special Meeting Percentage have delivered, and not revoked, requests for a special meeting on the matter to the Secretary: (i) if the notice of meeting has not already been delivered, the Secretary shall refrain from delivering the notice of the meeting and send to all requesting Shareholders who have not revoked such requests written notice of any revocation of a request for a special meeting on the matter, or (ii) if the notice of meeting has been delivered and if the Secretary first sends to all requesting Shareholders who have not revoked requests for a special meeting on the matter written notice of any revocation of a request for the special meeting and written notice of the Trusts intention to revoke the notice of the meeting or for the chair of the meeting to adjourn the meeting without action on the matter, (A) the Secretary may revoke the notice of the meeting at any time before 10 days before the commencement of the meeting or (B) the chair of the meeting may call the meeting to order and adjourn the meeting without acting on the matter. Any request for a special meeting received after a revocation by the Secretary of a notice of a meeting shall be considered a request for a new special meeting.

(6)The Chair, Chief Executive Officer, President or Board of Trustees may appoint regionally or nationally recognized independent inspectors of elections to act as the agent of the Trust for the purpose of promptly performing a ministerial review of the validity of any purported Special Meeting Request received by the Secretary. For the purpose of permitting the inspectors to perform such review, no such purported Special Meeting Request shall be deemed to have been delivered to the Secretary until the earlier of (i) 5 Business Days after receipt by the Secretary of such purported request and (ii) such date as the independent inspectors certify to the Trust that the valid requests received by the Secretary represent, as of the Request Record Date, Shareholders of record entitled to cast not less than the Special Meeting Percentage. Nothing contained in this paragraph (6) shall in any way be construed to suggest or imply that the Trust or any Shareholder shall not be entitled to contest the validity of any request, whether during or after such 5 Business Day period, or to take any other action (including, without limitation, the commencement, prosecution or defense of any litigation with respect thereto, and the seeking of injunctive relief in such litigation).

(7)For purposes of these By-Laws, Business Day shall mean any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to close.

1.8 Advance Notice of Shareholder Nominees for Trustee and Other Shareholder Proposals.

(a)Annual Meetings of Shareholders. 

(1)Nominations of individuals for election to the Board of Trustees and the proposal of other business to be considered by the Shareholders may be made at an annual meeting of Shareholders (i) pursuant to the Trusts notice of meeting, (ii) by or at the direction of the Board of Trustees or (iii) by any Shareholder of the Trust who was a Shareholder of record both at the time of giving of notice by the Shareholder as provided for in this Section 1.8(a) and at the time of the annual meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting in the election of each individual so nominated or on any such other business and who has complied with this Section 1.8(a).

(2)For any nomination or other business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a Shareholder pursuant to clause (iii) of paragraph (a)(1) of this Section 1.8, the Shareholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of the Trust and any such other business must otherwise be a proper matter for action by the Shareholders. To be timely, a Shareholders notice shall set forth all information required under this Section 1.8 and shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive office of the Trust not earlier than the 150th day nor later than 5:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on the 120th day prior to the first anniversary of the date of the proxy statement (as defined in Section 1.8(c)(4) of this Article I) for the preceding years annual meeting; provided, however, that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is advanced or delayed by more than 30 days from the first anniversary of the date of the preceding years annual meeting (or in the case of the first annual meeting), notice by the Shareholder to be timely must be so delivered not earlier than the 150th day prior to the date of such annual 

3

meeting and not later than 5:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on the later of the 120th day prior to the date of such annual meeting, as originally convened, or the 10th day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made. The public announcement of a postponement or adjournment of an annual meeting shall not commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a Shareholders notice as described above. The number of nominees a Shareholder may nominate for election at the annual meeting (or in the case of one or more Shareholders giving the notice on behalf of a beneficial owner, the number of nominees such Shareholders may collectively nominate for election at the annual meeting on behalf of such beneficial owner) shall not exceed the number of trustees to be elected at such annual meeting.

(3)Such Shareholders notice shall set forth: 

(i)as to each individual whom the Shareholder proposes to nominate for election or reelection as a trustee (each, a Proposed Nominee), all information relating to the Proposed Nominee that would be required to be disclosed in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the election of the Proposed Nominee as a trustee in an election contest (even if an election contest is not involved), or would otherwise be required in connection with such solicitation, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A (or any successor provision) under the Exchange Act, whether such Shareholder believes any Proposed Nominee is, or is not, an interested person of the Trust, as defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (together with any rules and regulations and any applicable guidance and/or interpretations of the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff promulgated thereunder, the Investment Company Act), and information regarding such Proposed Nominee that is sufficient, in the discretion of the Board of Trustees or any committee thereof or any authorized officer of the Trust, to make such determination and information to establish that the Proposed Nominee satisfies any applicable requirements of the 1940 Act as required by Section 2.1 of the Declaration and such persons written consent to being named in the Trusts proxy statement and accompanying proxy card and to serving as a trustee if elected; 

(ii)as to any other business that the Shareholder proposes to bring before the meeting, a description of such business, the text of the proposal or business (including the text of any resolutions proposed for consideration and in the event that such business includes a proposal to amend these Bylaws, the language of the proposed amendment), the Shareholders reasons for proposing such business at the meeting and any material interest in such business of such Shareholder or any Shareholder Associated Person (as defined below), individually or in the aggregate, including any anticipated benefit to the Shareholder or the Shareholder Associated Person therefrom;

(iii)as to the Shareholder giving the notice, any Proposed Nominee and any Shareholder Associated Person, (A) the class, series and number of all Shares of or other securities of the Trust or any affiliate thereof (collectively, the Trust Securities), if any, which are owned (beneficially or of record) by such Shareholder, Proposed Nominee or Shareholder Associated Person, the date on which each such Trust Security was acquired and the investment intent of such acquisition, and any short interest (including any opportunity to profit or share in any benefit from any decrease in the price of such Shares or other security) in any Trust Securities of any such person, (B) the nominee holder for, and number of, any Trust Securities owned beneficially but not of record by such Shareholder, Proposed Nominee or Shareholder Associated Person, (C) whether and the extent to which such Shareholder, Proposed Nominee or Shareholder Associated Person, directly or indirectly (through brokers, nominees or otherwise), is subject to or during the last 12 months has engaged in any hedging, derivative or other transaction or series of transactions or entered into any other agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any short interest, any borrowing or lending of securities or any proxy or voting agreement), the effect or intent of which is to (1) manage risk or benefit of changes in the price of (x) Trust Securities or (y) any security of any other closed-end investment company (a Peer Group Company) for such Shareholder, Proposed Nominee or Shareholder Associated Person or (2) increase or decrease the voting power of such Shareholder, Proposed Nominee or Shareholder Associated Person in the Trust or any affiliate thereof (or, as applicable, in any Peer Group Company) disproportionately to such persons economic interest in the Trust Securities (or, as applicable, in any Peer Group Company); and (D) any substantial interest, direct or indirect (including, without limitation, any existing or prospective commercial, business or contractual relationship with the Trust), by security holdings or otherwise, of such Shareholder, Proposed Nominee or Shareholder Associated Person, in the Trust or any affiliate thereof, other than an interest arising from the ownership of Trust Securities where such Shareholder, Proposed Nominee or Shareholder Associated Person receives no extra or special benefit not shared on a pro rata basis by all other holders of the same class or series; (E) a description of any agreement, arrangement or understanding with respect to the nomination or proposal 

4

between or among such Shareholder and/or any Shareholder Associated Person, including, in the case of a nomination, the nominee, including any agreements, arrangements or understandings relating to any compensation or payments to be paid to any such proposed nominee(s), pertaining to the nomination(s) or other business proposed to be brought before the meeting of shareholders (which description shall identify the name of each other person who is party to such an agreement, arrangement or understanding); (F) a representation that the Shareholder is a holder of record of the Trust entitled to vote at such meeting and intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to propose such business or nomination; (G) a representation whether such Shareholder or any Shareholder Associated Person intends or is part of a group which intends (1) to deliver a proxy statement and/or form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the Trusts securities required to approve or adopt the proposal or elect the nominee, (2) otherwise to solicit proxies or votes from shareholders in support of such proposal or nomination, and/or (3) to solicit proxies in support of any proposed nominee in accordance with Rule 14a-19 promulgated under the Exchange Act; (H) a description of any proxy (other than a revocable proxy given in response to a public proxy solicitation made pursuant to, and in accordance with, the Exchange Act), agreement, arrangement, understanding or relationship pursuant to which such Shareholder or Shareholder Associated Person has or shares a right, directly or indirectly, to vote any shares of any class or series of securities of the Trust; (I) a description of any rights to dividends or other distributions on the shares of any securities of Trust, directly or indirectly, owned beneficially by such Shareholder or Shareholder Associated Person that are separated or separable from the underlying securities of the Trust; and (J) a description of any performance-related fees (other than an asset based fee) that such Shareholder or any Shareholder Associated Person, directly or indirectly, is entitled to based on any increase or decrease in the value of shares of any securities of the Trust or any interests described in clause (C);

(iv)as to the Shareholder giving the notice, any Shareholder Associated Person with an interest or ownership referred to in clauses (ii) or (iii) of this paragraph (3) of this Section 1.8(a) and any Proposed Nominee, (A) the name and address of such Shareholder, as they appear on the Trusts Shares ledger, and the current name and business address, if different, of each such Shareholder Associated Person and any Proposed Nominee and (B) the investment strategy or objective, if any, of such Shareholder and each such Shareholder Associated Person who is not an individual and a copy of the prospectus, offering memorandum or similar document, if any, provided to investors or potential investors in such Shareholder and each such Shareholder Associated Person; and

(v)to the extent known by the Shareholder giving the notice, the name and address of any other Shareholder supporting the nominee for election or reelection as a Trustee or the proposal of other business on the date of such Shareholders notice.

(4)Such Shareholders notice shall, with respect to any Proposed Nominee, be accompanied by a certificate executed by the Proposed Nominee (i) certifying that such Proposed Nominee (a) is not, and will not become a party to, any agreement, arrangement or understanding with any person or entity other than the Trust in connection with service or action as a Trustee that has not been disclosed to the Trust and (b) will serve as a Trustee of the Trust if elected; and (ii) attaching a completed Proposed Nominee questionnaire (which questionnaire shall be provided by the Trust, upon request, to the Shareholder providing the notice and shall include all information relating to the Proposed Nominee that would be required to be disclosed in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the election of the Proposed Nominee as a Trustee in an election contest (even if an election contest is not involved), or would otherwise be required in connection with such solicitation, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A (or any successor provision) under the Exchange Act and the rules thereunder, or would be required pursuant to the rules of any national securities exchange on which any securities of the Trust are listed or over-the-counter market on which any securities of the Trust are traded).

(5)Notwithstanding anything in this subsection (a) of this Section 1.8 to the contrary, in the event that the number of trustees to be elected to the Board of Trustees is increased, and there is no public announcement of such action at least 130 days prior to the first anniversary of the date of the proxy statement (as defined in Section 1.8(c)(4) of this Article I) for the preceding years annual meeting, a Shareholders notice required by this Section 1.8(a) shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to nominees for any new positions created by such increase, if it shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive office of the Trust not later than 5:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on the 10th day following the day on which such public announcement is first made by the Trust.

(6)For purposes of this Section 1.8, Shareholder Associated Person of any Shareholder shall mean (i) any person acting in concert with such Shareholder, (ii) any beneficial owner of Shares of the Trust owned of 

5

record or beneficially by such Shareholder (other than a Shareholder that is a depositary) and (iii) any person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control with, such Shareholder or such Shareholder Associated Person.

(b)Special Meetings of Shareholders. Only such business shall be conducted at a special meeting of Shareholders as shall have been brought before the meeting pursuant to the Trusts notice of meeting. Nominations of individuals for election to the Board of Trustees may be made at a special meeting of Shareholders at which trustees are to be elected only (i) by or at the direction of the Board of Trustees or (ii) provided that the special meeting has been called in accordance with Section 1.7(a) of this Article I for the purpose of electing trustees, by any Shareholder of the Trust who is a Shareholder of record both at the time of giving of notice provided for in this Section 1.8 and at the time of the special meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting in the election of each individual so nominated and who has complied with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 1.8. The number of nominees a Shareholder may nominate for election at the special meeting at which trustee are to be elected (or in the case of one or more Shareholders giving the notice on behalf of a beneficial owner, the number of nominees such Shareholders may collectively nominate for election at the special meeting on behalf of such beneficial owner) shall not exceed the number of trustees to be elected at such special meeting. In the event the Trust calls a special meeting of Shareholders for the purpose of electing one or more individuals to the Board of Trustees, any Shareholder may nominate an individual or individuals (as the case may be) for election as a Trustee as specified in the Trusts notice of meeting, if the Shareholders notice, containing the information required by paragraph (a)(4) of this Section 1.8, is delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive office of the Trust not earlier than the 120th day prior to such special meeting and not later than 5:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on the later of the 90th day prior to such special meeting or the 10th day following the day on which public announcement is first made of the date of the special meeting at which trustees are to be elected. The public announcement of a postponement or adjournment of a special meeting shall not commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a Shareholders notice as described above.

(c)General.

(1)If information submitted pursuant to this Section 1.8 by any Shareholder proposing a nominee for election as a Trustee or any proposal for other business at a meeting of Shareholders shall be inaccurate in any material respect, such information may be deemed not to have been provided in accordance with this Section 1.8. Any such Shareholder shall notify the Trust of any inaccuracy or change (within 2 Business Days of becoming aware of such inaccuracy or change) in any such information. Upon written request by the Secretary or the Board of Trustees, any such Shareholder shall provide, within 5 Business Days of delivery of such request (or such other period as may be specified in such request), (A) written verification, satisfactory, in the discretion of the Board of Trustees or any authorized officer of the Trust, to demonstrate the accuracy of any information submitted by the Shareholder pursuant to this Section 1.8, and (B) a written update of any information (including, if requested by the Trust, written confirmation by such Shareholder that it continues to intend to bring such nomination or other business proposal before the meeting) submitted by the Shareholder pursuant to this Section 1.8 as of an earlier date. If a Shareholder fails to provide such written verification or written update within such period, the information as to which written verification or a written update was requested may be deemed not to have been provided in accordance with this Section 1.8.

(2)Upon written request by the Secretary or the Board of Trustees, any Shareholder proposing a nominee for election as a Trustee shall provide, within 5 Business Days of delivery of such request (or such other period as may be specified in such request), any subsequent information reasonably requested by the Board of Trustees to determine that the Proposed Nominee is qualified to act as a Trustee, including information reasonably requested by the Board of Trustees to determine that such Proposed Nominee satisfies any applicable requirements of the 1940 Act as required by Section 2.1 of the Declaration. If a Shareholder fails to provide such supplement within such period, the information as to which written a written supplement was requested may be deemed not to have been provided in accordance with this Section 1.8.

(3)Only such individuals who are nominated in accordance with this Section 1.8 shall be eligible for election by Shareholders as trustees, and only such business shall be conducted at a meeting of Shareholders as shall have been brought before the meeting in accordance with this Section 1.8. The chair of the meeting shall have the power and duty to determine whether a nomination or any other business proposed to be brought before the meeting was made or proposed, as the case may be, in accordance with this Section 1.8.

(4)For purposes of this Section 1.8, the date of the proxy statement shall have the same meaning as the date of the companys proxy statement released to shareholders as used in Rule 14a-8(e) promulgated under 

6

the Exchange Act, as interpreted by the Securities and Exchange Commission from time to time. Public announcement shall mean disclosure (A) in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press, Business Wire, PR Newswire or other widely circulated news or wire service or (B) in a document publicly filed by the Trust with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Exchange Act or the Investment Company Act.

(5)Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 1.8, a Shareholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of state law and of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the matters set forth in this Section 1.8. Nothing in this Section 1.8 shall be deemed to affect any right of a Shareholder to request inclusion of a proposal in, or the right of the Trust to omit a proposal from, the Trusts proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 (or any successor provision) under the Exchange Act. Nothing in this Section 1.8 shall require disclosure of revocable proxies received by the Shareholder or Shareholder Associated Person pursuant to a solicitation of proxies after the filing of an effective Schedule 14A by such Shareholder or Shareholder Associated Person under Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act.

1.9 Postponement. Prior to the date upon which any meeting of the Shareholders is to be held, the Board of Trustees, chair of the meeting, Chief Executive Officer or President may postpone such meeting one or more times for any reason by giving notice to each Shareholder entitled to vote at the meeting so postponed of the time and place (including that the meeting will be held by remote communication, as applicable) at which such meeting will be held. Such notice shall be given not fewer than two days (or such other number of days as the Board of Trustees shall determine in its sole discretion) before the date of such meeting and otherwise in accordance with Section 10.3 of the Declaration.

1.10 Meetings by Remote Communication. The Board of Trustees may, in their sole discretion, determine that a meeting of Shareholders may be held solely or partially by means of remote communication. If authorized by the Board of Trustees, in their sole discretion, and subject to such guidelines and procedures as the Board of Trustees may adopt, Shareholders and proxyholders not physically present at a meeting of Shareholders may, by means of remote communication: (a) participate in a meeting of Shareholders; and (b) be deemed present in person and vote at a meeting of Shareholders whether such meeting is to be held at a designated place or solely by means of remote communication, provided that: (i) the Trust shall implement such measures as the Board of Trustees deem to be reasonable (A) to verify that each person deemed present and permitted to vote at the meeting by means of remote communication is a Shareholder or proxyholder; and (B) to provide such Shareholders and proxyholders a reasonable opportunity to participate in the meeting and to vote on matters submitted to the Shareholders; and (ii) if any Shareholder or proxyholder votes or takes other action at the meeting by means of remote communication, a record of such vote or other action shall be maintained by the Trust. The Board of Trustees may, in their sole discretion, notify Shareholders of any postponement, adjournment or a change of the place of a meeting of Shareholders (including a change to hold the meeting solely by means of remote communication) by a document publicly filed by the Trust with the Securities and Exchange Commission without the requirement of any further notice hereunder.

ARTICLE II

TRUSTEES

2.1 Regular Meetings. Meetings of the Trustees shall be held from time to time upon the call of the Chair, if any, the Chief Executive Officer, the Secretary or any two Trustees. Regular meetings of the Trustees may be held without call or notice and shall generally be held quarterly. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any meeting of the Board of Trustees need be stated in the notice or waiver of notice of such meeting, and no notice need be given of action proposed to be taken by written consent, except as may otherwise be required by law.

2.2 Chair; Records. The Chair, if any, shall act as chairman at all meetings of the Trustees; in absence of a chair, the Vice Chair, if any, shall act as chair; in the absence of both the Chair and Vice Chair, the Trustees present shall elect a Trustee to act as temporary chair. The results of all actions taken at a meeting of the Trustees, or by written consent of the Trustees, shall be recorded by the Secretary or the person appointed by the Board of Trustees as the meeting secretary.

ARTICLE II

OFFICERS

3.1 Officers of the Trust. The officers of the Trust shall consist of a Chief Executive Officer, a Secretary, and a Treasurer. In accordance with the Declaration, the Trustees may elect or appoint or may authorize the Chair, if any, 

7

or Chief Executive Officer to appoint such other officers or agents with such powers as the Trustees may deem to be advisable. Any two or more of the offices may be held by the same Person. No officer of the Trust need be a Trustee.

3.2 Tenure. Officers shall serve at the pleasure of the Trustees or until their successors have been duly elected and qualified. The Trustees may fill any vacancy in office or add any additional officers at any time.

3.3 Removal of Officers. Any officer may be removed at any time, with or without cause, by action of a majority of the Trustees. This provision shall not prevent the making of a contract of employment for a definite term with any officer and shall have no effect upon any cause of action which any officer may have as a result of removal in breach of a contract of employment. Any officer may resign at any time by notice in writing signed by such officer and delivered or mailed to the Chair, if any, Chief Executive Officer or Secretary, and such resignation shall take effect immediately upon receipt by the Chair, if any, Chief Executive Officer or Secretary, or at a later date according to the terms of such notice in writing.

3.4 Bonds and Surety. Any officer may be required by the Trustees to be bonded for the faithful performance of such officers duties in such amount and with such sureties as the Trustees may determine.

3.5 Chief Executive Officer and President. The Chief Executive Officer shall be the principal executive officer of the Trust and, subject to the control of the Trustees, shall have general supervision, direction and control of the business of the Trust and of its employees and shall exercise such general powers of management as are usually vested in the office of chief executive officer of a corporation. Subject to direction of the Trustees, the Chief Executive Officer shall have power in the name and on behalf of the Trust to execute any and all loans, documents, contracts, agreements, deeds, mortgages, registration statements, applications, requests, filings and other instruments in writing, and to employ and discharge employees and agents of the Trust. Unless otherwise directed by the Trustees, the Chief Executive Officer shall have full authority and power, on behalf of all of the Trustees, to attend and to act and to vote, on behalf of the Trust at any meetings of business organizations in which the Trust holds an interest, or to confer such powers upon any other persons, by executing any proxies duly authorizing such persons. The Chief Executive Officer shall have such further authorities and duties as the Trustees shall from time to time determine. 

3.6 Secretary. The Secretary shall maintain the minutes of all meetings of, and record all votes of, Shareholders, Trustees and any committee of the Trustees. The Secretary shall be custodian of the seal of the Trust, if any, and the Secretary (and any other person so authorized by the Trustees) shall affix the seal, or if permitted, facsimile thereof, to any instrument executed by the Trust which would be sealed by a Delaware business corporation executing the same or a similar instrument and shall attest the seal and the signature or signatures of the officer or officers executing such instrument on behalf of the Trust. The Secretary shall also perform any other duties commonly incident to such office in a Delaware business corporation and shall have such other authorities and duties as the Trustees shall from time to time determine.

3.7 Treasurer. Except as otherwise directed by the Trustees, the Treasurer shall have the general supervision of the monies, funds, securities, notes receivable and other valuable papers and documents of the Trust, and shall have and exercise under the supervision of the Trustees and of the Chief Executive Officer all powers and duties normally incident to the office. The Treasurer may endorse for deposit or collection all notes, checks and other instruments payable to the Trust or to its order. The Treasurer shall deposit all funds of the Trust in such depositories as the Trustees shall designate. The Treasurer shall be responsible for such disbursement of the funds of the Trust as may be ordered by the Trustees or the Chief Executive Officer. The Treasurer shall keep accurate account of the books of the Trusts transactions which shall be the property of the Trust, and which together with all other property of the Trust in the Treasurers possession, shall be subject at all times to the inspection and control of the Trustees. Unless the Trustees shall otherwise determine, the Treasurer shall be the principal accounting officer of the Trust and shall also be the principal financial officer of the Trust. The Treasurer shall have such other duties and authorities as the Trustees shall from time to time determine. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein contained, the Trustees may authorize any adviser, administrator, manager or transfer agent to maintain bank accounts and deposit and disburse funds of any series of the Trust on behalf of such series.

3.8 Other Officers and Duties. The Trustees may elect such other officers and assistant officers as they shall from time to time determine to be necessary or desirable in order to conduct the business of the Trust. Assistant officers shall act generally in the absence of the officer whom they assist and shall assist that officer in the duties of the office. Each officer, employee and agent of the Trust shall have such other duties and authority as may be conferred upon such person by the Trustees or delegated to such person by the Chief Executive Officer.

8

ARTICLE IV

MISCELLANEOUS

4.1 Depositories. In accordance with Section 8.1 of the Declaration, the funds of the Trust shall be deposited in such custodians as the Trustees shall designate and shall be drawn out on checks, drafts or other orders signed by such officer, officers, agent or agents (including the adviser, administrator or manager), as the Trustees may from time to time authorize.

4.2 Signatures. All contracts and other instruments shall be executed on behalf of the Trust by its properly authorized officers, agent or agents, as provided in the Declaration or these By-Laws or as the Trustees may from time to time by resolution provide.

4.3 Seal. The Trust is not required to have any seal, and the adoption or use of a seal shall be purely ornamental and be of no legal effect. The seal, if any, of the Trust may be affixed to any instrument, and the seal and its attestation may be lithographed, engraved or otherwise printed on any document with the same force and effect as if it had been imprinted and affixed manually in the same manner and with the same force and effect as if done by a Delaware business corporation. The presence or absence of a seal shall have no effect on the validity, enforceability or binding nature of any document or instrument that is otherwise duly authorized, executed and delivered.

ARTICLE IV

SHARE TRANSFERS

5.1 Transfer Agents, Registrars and the Like. As provided in Section 6.8 of the Declaration, the Trustees shall have authority to employ and compensate such transfer agents and registrars with respect to the Shares of the Trust as the Trustees shall deem necessary or desirable. In addition, the Trustees shall have power to employ and compensate such dividend disbursing agents, warrant agents and agents for the reinvestment of dividends as they shall deem necessary or desirable. Any of such agents shall have such power and authority as is delegated to any of them by the Trustees.

5.2 Transfer of Shares. The Shares of the Trust shall be subject to the limitations on transfer as provided in Section 6.9 of the Declaration. The Trust, or its transfer agents, shall be authorized to refuse any transfer unless and until presentation of proper evidence as may be reasonably required to show that the requested transfer is proper.

5.3 Registered Shareholders. The Trust may deem and treat the holder of record of any Shares as the absolute owner thereof for all purposes and shall not be required to take any notice of any right or claim of right of any other person.

ARTICLE IV

AMENDMENT OF BY-LAWS

6.1 Amendment and Repeal of By-Laws. In accordance with Section 3.9 of the Declaration, the Shareholders and the Trustees shall each have the authority to amend or repeal the By-Laws or adopt new By-Laws at any time. Action by the Trustees with respect to the By-Laws shall be taken by an affirmative vote of a majority of the Trustees. Action taken by the Shareholders with respect to the By-Laws shall be taken by an affirmative vote of a majority of outstanding Shares of the Trust. Neither the Shareholders nor the Trustees shall in any event adopt By-Laws which are in conflict with the Declaration, and any apparent inconsistency shall be construed in favor of the related provisions in the Declaration. 

9
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex101investmentadvisoryagr.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 10.1

ELLINGTON CREDIT COMPANY

ADVISORY AGREEMENT

This ADVISORY AGREEMENT is hereby entered into as of April 1, 2025 (this Agreement) by and among Ellington Credit Company, a Delaware statutory trust (the Company), for itself and on behalf of each of the Companys current and future Subsidiaries (as defined below), and Ellington Credit Company Management LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Adviser). 

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, the Company operates as closed-end management investment company registered as such with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) pursuant to the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act); and

WHEREAS, the Adviser is registered as an investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the Advisers Act); and

WHEREAS, the Company desires to retain the Adviser to furnish investment advisory services to the Company on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, and the Adviser wishes to be retained to provide such services; and

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements herein set forth, the parties hereto agree as follows:

ARTICLE I. APPOINTMENT

Section 1.01 Appointment. The Company hereby employs the Adviser and the Adviser hereby undertakes to act as the investment adviser of the Company and to perform for the Company such other duties and functions as are hereinafter set forth. The Adviser shall, in all matters, give to the Company and its Board of Trustees (the Board and each trustee of the Company, a Trustee and collectively, the Trustees) the benefit of its judgment, effort, advice and recommendations and shall, at all times conform to, and use its best efforts to enable the Company to conform to: (a) the provisions of the 1940 Act and any rules or regulations thereunder; (b) any other applicable provisions of state or federal law; (c) the provisions of the declaration of Trust (Declaration of Trust) and by-laws (By-Laws) of the Company, as amended from time to time; (d) policies and determinations of the Board; (e) the fundamental policies and investment restrictions of the Company as reflected in its registration statement under the 1940 Act or as such policies may, from time to time, be amended by the Board, the Trustees, or the Companys shareholders; and (f) the prospectus and statement of additional information of the Company in effect from time to time. The appropriate officers and employees of the Adviser shall be available upon reasonable notice for consultation with any of the Trustees and officers of the Company with respect to any matters dealing with the business and affairs of the Company.

ARTICLE II. INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT

Section 2.01 Duties. Without limiting the generality of Article I of this Agreement, the Adviser shall:

a)determine the composition of the portfolio of the Company, the nature and timing of the changes therein and the manner of implementing such changes; 

b)identify, evaluate and negotiate the structure of the investments made by the Company;

c)close, monitor and service the Companys investments; 

d)determine the securities and other assets that the Company will purchase, retain, or sell; and

e)provide the Company with such other investment advisory, research and related services as the Company may, from time to time, reasonably require for the investment of its funds. 

The Adviser shall have the power and authority on behalf of the Company to effectuate its investment decisions for the Company, including the execution and delivery of all documents relating to the Companys investments and the placement of orders for other purchase or sale transactions on behalf of the Company, subject to the oversight and approval of the Board.

In the event that the Company determines to acquire debt financing, the Adviser will arrange for such financing on the Companys behalf, subject to the oversight and approval of the Board. If it is necessary for the Adviser to make investments on behalf of the Company through a special purpose vehicle, the Adviser shall have authority to create or arrange for the creation of such special purpose vehicle and to make such investments through such special purpose vehicle (in accordance with the 1940 Act).

1

Section 2.02 Other Duties of the Adviser. The Adviser shall:

(a)at its own expense, maintain such staff and employ or retain such personnel and consult with such other persons as it shall from time to time determine to be necessary or useful to the performance of its obligations under this Agreement. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the staff and personnel of the Adviser shall be deemed to include persons employed or otherwise retained by the Adviser to furnish statistical and other factual data, advice regarding economic factors and trends, information with respect to technical and scientific developments, and such other information, advice and assistance as the Adviser may desire; 

(b)furnish such reports, evaluations, information or analyses to the Company as the Board may request from time to time or as the Adviser may deem to be desirable. The Adviser shall make recommendations to the Board with respect to Company policies and shall carry out such policies as are adopted by the Trustees. The Adviser shall, subject to review by the Board, furnish such other services as the Adviser shall from time to time determine to be necessary or useful to perform its obligations under this Agreement; and

(c)from time to time, furnish or otherwise make available to the Company such financial reports, proxy statements and other information relating to the business and affairs of the Company as the Adviser may reasonably require in order to discharge its duties and obligations hereunder. The Adviser shall, as agent, for the Company, maintain the Companys records required in connection with the performance of its obligations under this Agreement and required to be maintained under the 1940 Act. All such records so maintained shall be the property of the Company and, upon request therefore, the Adviser shall surrender to the Company such of the records so requested; provided that the Adviser may, at its own expense, make and retain copies of any such records.

Section 2.03 Acceptance. The Adviser hereby accepts such employment and agrees during the term hereof to render the services described herein for the compensation provided herein.

Section 2.04 Subadvisers. Subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act, including the prior approval of a majority of the Trustees of the Board, including a majority of the Trustees of the Board who are not interested persons and, to the extent required by applicable law, by the shareholders of the Company, the Adviser may, through a subadvisory agreement or other arrangement, delegate to a subadviser any of the duties enumerated in this Agreement, including the management of all or a portion of the assets being managed hereby and/or the fulfilling any of its responsibilities hereunder. Specifically, the Adviser may retain a subadviser to recommend specific securities or other investments based upon the Companys investment objective and policies, and work, along with the Adviser, in structuring, negotiating, arranging or effecting the acquisition or disposition of such investments and monitoring investments on behalf of the Company, subject to the oversight of the Adviser and the Company. Subject to the prior approval of a majority of the Trustees of the Board, including a majority of the Trustees of the Board who are not interested persons and, to the extent required by applicable law, by the shareholders of the Company, the Adviser may adjust such duties, the portion of assets being managed, and the fees to be paid by the Adviser; provided that, in each case, the Adviser shall continue to oversee the services provided by such company or employees and any such delegation shall not relieve the Adviser of any of its obligations hereunder. The Adviser and not the Company, shall be responsible for any compensation payable to any subadviser. Any sub-advisory agreement entered into by the Adviser shall be in accordance with the requirements of the 1940 Act and other applicable federal and state law.

Section 2.05 Books and Records. The Adviser agrees to maintain, in the form and for the period required by Rule 31a-2 under the 1940 Act or such longer period as the Company may direct, all records relating to the services rendered by the Adviser under this Agreement and the Companys investments made by the Adviser as are required by Section 31 under the 1940 Act, and rules and regulations thereunder, and by other applicable legal provisions, including the Advisers Act, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Commodities Exchange Act, and the respective rules and regulations thereunder, and the Companys compliance policies and procedures, and to preserve such records for the periods and in the manner required by that Section, and those rules, regulations, legal provisions and compliance policies and procedures. In compliance with the requirements of Rule 31a-3 under the 1940 Act, any records required to be maintained and preserved pursuant to the provisions of Rule 31a-1 and Rule 31a-2 promulgated under the 1940 Act which are prepared or maintained by the Adviser on behalf of the Company are the property of the Company and shall be surrendered promptly to the Company on request.

Section 2.06 Excess Brokerage Commissions. The Adviser is hereby authorized, to the fullest extent now or hereafter permitted by law, to cause the Company to pay a member of a national securities exchange, broker or dealer an amount of commission for effecting a securities transaction in excess of the amount of commission another member of such exchange, broker or dealer would have charged for effecting such transaction if the Adviser determines, in good faith and taking into account such factors as price (including the applicable brokerage commission or dealer spread), size of order, difficulty of execution, and operational facilities of the firm and the firms risk and skill in positioning blocks of securities, that the 

2

amount of such commission is reasonable in relation to the value of the brokerage and/or research services provided by such member, broker or dealer, viewed in terms of either that particular transaction or its overall responsibilities with respect to the Companys portfolio, and constitutes the best net result for the Company.

Section 2.07 Proxy Voting. The Adviser shall be responsible for voting any proxies solicited by an issuer of securities held by the Company in the best interest of the Company and in accordance with the Advisers proxy voting policies and procedures, as any such proxy voting policies and procedures may be amended from time to time. The Company has been provided with a copy of the Advisers proxy voting policies and procedures and has been informed as to how it can obtain further information from the Adviser regarding proxy voting activities undertaken on behalf of the Company. The Adviser shall be responsible for reporting the Companys proxy voting activities, as required, through periodic filings on Form N-PX.

Section 2.08 Advisory Services Not Exclusive. The Advisers services to the Company pursuant to this Agreement are not exclusive, and it is understood that the Adviser may render investment advice, management and services to other persons (including other investment companies) and engage in other activities, so long as its services under this Agreement are not impaired by such other activities. It is understood and agreed that officers or directors of the Adviser are not prohibited from engaging in any other business activity or from rendering services to any other person, or from serving as partners, officers, trustees or directors of any other firm, trust or corporation, including other investment companies. Whenever the Company and one or more other accounts or investment companies advised by the Adviser have available funds for investment, and the responsibility for the management of all of the assets of the Company has not been delegated to a subadviser, investments suitable and appropriate for each entity shall be allocated in accordance with procedures believed by the Adviser to be equitable to each entity over time to the extent permitted by applicable law. Similarly, opportunities to sell securities shall be allocated in a manner believed by the Adviser to be equitable to each entity over time to the extent permitted by applicable law. The Company recognizes that in some cases this procedure may adversely affect the size of the position that may be acquired by or disposed of for the Company.

ARTICLE III. EXPENSES

Section 3.01 Expenses Borne by Adviser. All investment professionals of the Adviser (and/or its affiliates) and their respective staffs, when and to the extent engaged in providing investment advisory and investment management services as set forth in Article II hereunder, and the compensation and routine overhead expenses of such personnel allocable to such services, shall be provided and paid for by the Adviser and not by the Company.

Section 3.02 Expenses Borne by Company. Except as provided in Section 3.01 of this Agreement or otherwise provided in this Agreement, the Adviser shall not be responsible for the Companys expenses, and the Company assumes and shall pay or cause to be paid all of its expenses, including without limitation: 

(a)expenses relating to organizing, merging, liquidating or dissolving the Company and offerings (including without limitation out-of-pocket expenses, but not overhead or employee costs of the Adviser);

(b)calculating the Companys net asset value (including the cost and expenses of any independent valuation firms);

(c)direct costs and expenses of administration, including for legal, accounting and auditing services (including expenses of legal counsel to the Trustees who are not interested persons (as defined in the 1940 Act) of the Company or the Adviser), printing, mailing, long distance telephone, copying, secretarial and other staff, independent auditors and outside legal costs; 

(d)taxes (including without limitation securities and commodities issuance and transfer taxes) and governmental fees (including without limitation fees payable by the Company to Federal, State or other governmental agencies and associated filing costs);

(e)dues, fees, charges and expenses incurred in connection with membership in investment company organizations (including without limitation membership dues of the Investment Company Institute) or trade associations;

(f)costs associated with distributing shareholder reports, proxy materials, prospectuses, stock certificates, distribution of dividends and/or other notices to shareholders, including printing costs and any other proxy voting expenses; 

(g)charges or distributions required to be paid to the Companys custodians and sub-custodians, administrators and sub-administrators, registrars, depositories, transfer agents, dividend disbursing agents and dividend reinvestment plan agents (including settlement and clearing costs and other expenses under the custody, administration and other agreements); 

(h)fees and expenses associated with marketing and distribution efforts; 

3

(i)fees and expenses paid to agents and intermediaries for sub-transfer agency, sub-accounting and other shareholder services on behalf of shareholders of the Company held through omnibus and networked, record shareholder accounts;

(j)payment for portfolio pricing services to a pricing agent, if any; 

(k)registration and filing fees of the SEC and various states and other jurisdictions (including filing fees and legal fees and disbursements of counsel); 

(l)fees and expenses of registering or qualifying securities of the Company federally or in the various states; 

(m)fees and expenses incident to qualifying and listing of the Companys shares on any exchange; 

(n)postage, freight and other charges in connection with the shipment of the Companys portfolio securities; 

(o)fees and expenses of Trustees who are not interested persons (as defined in the 1940 Act) of the Company or the Adviser and of any other trustees or members of any advisory board or committee who are not employees of the Adviser or any corporate affiliate of the Adviser; 

(p)salaries of shareholder relations personnel and/or fees and expenses associated with marketing, branding, advertising and shareholder relations efforts; 

(q)costs of shareholders meetings; 

(r)all insurance costs incurred with respect to insurance policies obtained in connection with the operation of the Companys business, including but not limited to insurance covering activities of the Adviser and its employees relating to the performance of the Advisers duties and obligations under this Agreement, trustees and officers (D&O liability insurance), errors and omissions insurance (E&O insurance), employee practices liability, cybersecurity, and fidelity insurance and fidelity bonds (e.g. for ERISA and otherwise), each as applicable; 

(s)any and all fees, costs and expenses incurred in creating, implementing or maintaining third-party or proprietary software tools, programs, hardware or other technology for the benefit of the Company (including, without limitation, any and all fees, costs and expenses of any investment, books and records, portfolio compliance and reporting systems, general ledger or portfolio accounting systems and similar systems and services, including, without limitation, consultant, software licensing, data management and recovery services fees and expenses); 

(t)travel-related and other expenses for trustee, executive and administrative staff in connection with activities for the benefit of the Company;

(u)interest and other costs payable on any debt incurred to finance the Companys investments; 

(v)any interest or brokerage costs (including without limitation brokers commissions or transactions costs chargeable to the Company in connection with portfolio securities transactions to which the Company is a party); 

(w)the Companys proportionate share of expenses related to co-investments; 

(x)all expenses incident to the payment of any dividend, distribution (including any dividend or distribution program), withdrawal or redemption, whether in shares or in cash; 

(y)litigation and other extraordinary or non-recurring expenses (including without limitation legal claims and liabilities and litigation costs and any indemnification related thereto) (subject, however, to indemnification provisions of this Agreement);

(z)the compensation of the Companys chief compliance officer and the salary of any compliance personnel of the Adviser and its affiliates who provide compliance-related services to the Company, provided such salary expenses are properly allocated between the Company and other affiliates, as applicable, and any costs associated with the monitoring, testing and revision of the Companys compliance policies and procedures required by Rule 38a-1 under the 1940 Act, including costs, expenses or fees payable to third-parties;

(aa)the cost of any valuation services retained by the Company or the Adviser with respect to the Companys investments or potential investments (including engagement of such valuation service provider by the Adviser or its affiliates) and all other charges and costs of the Companys operations;

(bb)fees and expenses incurred by the Adviser or the Company in monitoring financial and legal affairs for the Company and in monitoring the Companys investments and performing due diligence on its prospective investments or otherwise relating to, or associated with, evaluating, making, maintaining and disposing of investments; and

(cc)all other expenses incurred by the Company or the Administrator in connection with administering the Companys business, such as the allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by Ellington Credit Company Administrator LLC in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including, without limitation, rent, office supplies, the fees and expenses associated with performing compliance functions, and the Companys 

4

allocable portion of the costs of compensation and related expenses of the Companys chief financial officer, chief operating officer and their respective support staff. 

The Company shall also reimburse the Adviser or its affiliates for any expenses of the Company as may be reasonably incurred as specifically provided for in this Agreement (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any of the above expenses incurred by the Adviser or its affiliates on the Companys behalf) or as specifically agreed to by the Board. The Adviser shall keep and supply to the Company reasonable records of all such expenses.

ARTICLE IV. COMPENSATION

Section 4.01 Base Management Fee. With respect to each fiscal quarter commencing with the quarter in which this Agreement is executed, the Adviser shall receive a management fee (the Base Management Fee) equal to the Quarterly Base Management Fee Amount. Within forty-five (45) days after the end of each fiscal quarter, the Adviser will compute the Base Management Fee with respect to such fiscal quarter, and the Company will pay the Base Management Fee with respect to such fiscal quarter in cash within fifteen (15) Business Days following the delivery to the Company of the Advisers written statement setting forth the computation of the Base Management Fee for such fiscal quarter; provided, however, that such Base Management Fee may be offset by the Company against amounts due to the Company by the Adviser.

Section 4.02 Quarterly Performance Fee. In addition to the Base Management Fee, the Company shall pay the Adviser a performance fee (the Performance Fee) with respect to the Companys Pre-Performance Fee Net Investment Income in each fiscal quarter as follows:

(a)If the Companys Pre-Performance Fee Net Investment Income for such quarter does not exceed the Hurdle Amount for such quarter, then no Performance Fee is payable to the Adviser with respect to such quarter; 

(b)If the Companys Pre-Performance Fee Net Investment Income for such quarter exceeds the Hurdle Amount for such quarter but is less than or equal to 121.21% of the Hurdle Amount, then 100% of the portion of the Companys Pre-Performance Fee Net Investment Income that exceeds the Hurdle Amount (the Catch-Up) is payable to the Adviser as the Performance Fee with respect to such quarter. Therefore, once the Companys Pre-Performance Fee Net Investment Income for such quarter exactly reaches 121.21% of the Hurdle Amount, the Adviser will have accrued a Performance Fee with respect to such quarter that is exactly equal to 17.5% of the Pre-Performance Fee Net Investment Income (because 21.21% of the Hurdle Amount (which is the Pre-Performance Fee Net Investment Income captured by the Adviser during the Catch-Up phase) is equal to 17.5% of 121.21% of the Hurdle Amount (which is the entire Pre-Performance Fee Net Investment Income at the end of the Catch-Up phase)); and

(c)If the Companys Pre-Performance Fee Net Investment Income for such quarter exceeds 121.21% of the Hurdle Amount for such quarter, then 17.5% of the Companys Pre-Performance Fee Net Investment Income is payable to the Adviser as the Performance Fee with respect to such quarter. 

(d)With respect to the Performance Fee, there shall be no accumulation of the Hurdle Amount from quarter to quarter, no claw back of amounts previously paid if the Pre-Performance Fee Net Investment Income in any subsequent quarter is below the Hurdle Amount for such subsequent quarter, and no delay or adjustment of payment if the Pre-Performance Fee Net Investment Income in any prior quarter was below the Hurdle Amount for such prior quarter.

(e)Within forty-five (45) days after the end of each fiscal quarter, the Adviser will compute the Performance Fee with respect to such fiscal quarter, and the Company will pay the Performance Fee with respect to such fiscal quarter in cash within fifteen (15) Business Days following the delivery to the Company of the Advisers written statement setting forth the computation of the Performance Fee for such fiscal quarter.

(f)Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 4.01 and 4.02, in the event that the Company acquires or invests in (i) any equity of a corporate collateralized loan obligation (CLO) at issuance that is managed, structured or originated by the Adviser or any of its affiliates, (ii) any investment fund, account or other investment that is managed, structured or originated by the Adviser or any of its affiliates or (iii) a participating interest at issuance in the debt securities of an issuer of debt for which the Adviser or any of its Affiliates has received a management fee, an origination fee or a structuring fee, then in each such case, unless approved otherwise by a majority of the independent Trustees, the Quarterly Base Management Fee Amount and the quarterly Performance Fee payable by the Company to the Adviser will in the aggregate be reduced by (or the Adviser will otherwise rebate to the Company) an amount equal to the portion of any management fees, origination fees or structuring fees payable to the Adviser or its Affiliates that is allocable to the Companys equity investment or participating interest, as the case may be, in such CLO, investment fund, other investment or debt securities for the same periods.

Section 4.03 Definitions. Whenever used herein, the following words and phrases, unless the context otherwise requires, shall have the following meanings: 

5

(a)Base Management Fee Annual Rate means 1.50%.

(b)Business Day means any day except a Saturday, Sunday or day on which banking institutions in New York, New York are not required to be open.

(c)Hurdle Amount for any fiscal quarter means the result obtained by multiplying the Net Asset Value of Common Equity at the end of the immediately preceding fiscal quarter by the Hurdle Rate. The Hurdle Amount shall be appropriately adjusted for any common share issuances or repurchases during the fiscal quarter.

(d)Hurdle Rate means 2.00% per quarter, or 8.00% annually. The Hurdle Rate shall be appropriately prorated for partial quarterly periods based on the number of days in such partial period compared to a 90-day quarter.

(e)Net Asset Value means the figure that is equal to the total assets of the Company minus its total liabilities.

(f)Net Asset Value of Common Equity means the portion of Net Asset Value attributable to common equity.

(g)Pre-Performance Fee Net Investment Income for any fiscal quarter means interest income (including accretions of discounts, amortization of premiums, and payment-in-kind income), dividend income, and any other income (including any fee income) earned or accrued by the Company during such fiscal quarter, minus the Companys operating expenses for such quarter (which, for this purpose, shall not include any litigation-related expenses, any extraordinary expenses, or Performance Fee). Pre-Performance Fee Net Investment Income does not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. For purposes of computing Pre-Performance Fee Net Investment Income, the calculation methodology will look through total return swaps as if the Company owned the referenced assets directly. As a result, Pre-Performance Fee Net Investment Income includes net interest (whether positive or negative) associated with a total return swap, which is the difference between (a) the interest income and transaction fees related to the reference assets and (b) all interest and other expenses paid by the Company to the total return swap counterparty. In the case of an interest rate swap, Pre-Performance Fee Net Investment Income includes the net payments and net accruals of periodic payments.

(h)Quarterly Base Management Fee Amount means, with respect to any fiscal quarter, the product of: (i) the Net Asset Value as of the end of such fiscal quarter, and (ii) one-fourth of the Base Management Fee Annual Rate. The Quarterly Base Management Fee Amount shall be prorated for partial quarterly periods based on the number of days in such partial period compared to a 90-day quarter.

Section 4.04 Expiration or Termination. If this Agreement expires or is terminated, the Adviser shall be entitled to receive all amounts (including any accrued but unreimbursed expenses) payable to it and not yet paid pursuant to this Article IV.

ARTICLE V. COVENANTS; NON-EXCLUSIVITY; AND DUALITY

Section 5.01 Covenants of the Adviser. The Adviser covenants that it is registered as an investment adviser under the Advisers Act. The Adviser agrees that its activities will at all times be in compliance in all material respects with all applicable federal and state laws governing its operations and investments.

Section 5.02 Non-Exclusivity. The services of the Adviser to the Company under this Agreement are not to be deemed exclusive as to the Adviser, and the Adviser will be free to render similar services to other investment companies and other clients. Except to the extent necessary to perform the Advisers obligations under this Agreement, nothing herein shall be deemed to limit or restrict the right of the Adviser, or any affiliate of the Adviser, or any employee of the Adviser, to engage in any other business or to devote time and attention to the management or other aspects of any other business, whether of a similar or dissimilar nature, or to render services of any kind to any other corporation, firm, individual or association. So long as this Agreement or any extension, renewal or amendment remains in effect, the Adviser shall be the only investment adviser for the Company, subject to the Advisers right to enter into sub-advisory agreements. the Adviser assumes no responsibility under this Agreement other than to render the services called for hereunder. It is understood that directors, officers, employees and shareholders of the Company are or may become interested in the Adviser and its affiliates, as directors, officers, employees, partners, shareholders, members, managers or otherwise, and that the Adviser and directors, officers, employees, partners, shareholders, members and managers of the Adviser and its affiliates are or may become similarly interested in the Company as directors, officers, employees, shareholders or otherwise.

Section 5.03 Dual Directors, Officers and/or Employees. If any person who is a manager, officer or employee of the Adviser is or becomes a director, officer and/or employee of the Company and acts as such in any business of the Company, then such manager, officer and/or employee of the Adviser shall be deemed to be acting in such capacity solely for the Company, and not as a manager, officer or employee of the Adviser or under the control or direction of the Adviser, although paid by the Adviser.

6

ARTICLE VI. PORTFOLIO TRANSACTIONS AND BROKERAGE

Section 6.01 Brokers. The Adviser is authorized, subject to the supervision and oversight of the Board, to establish and maintain accounts on behalf of the Company with, and place orders for the purchase and sale of the Companys portfolio securities or other investments with or through, such persons, brokers or dealers, futures commission merchants or other counterparties (brokers) as the Adviser may elect and negotiate commissions to be paid on such transactions; provided, however, that a broker affiliated with the Adviser shall be used only in transactions permissible under applicable laws, rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the 1940 Act and the Advisers Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, as well as permitted by the relevant policies and procedures adopted by the Company. The Adviser, upon reasonable request of the Board, shall promptly provide the Board with copies of all agreements regarding brokerage arrangements related to the Company.

Section 6.02 Placing Orders. The Adviser shall enter into transactions and place orders for the purchase and sale of portfolio investments for the Companys account with brokers, dealers and/or other counterparties selected by the Adviser. In the selection of such brokers, dealers and/or other counterparties and the entering into of such transactions and placing of such orders, the Adviser shall seek to obtain for the Company the most favorable price and execution available, except to the extent it may be permitted to pay higher brokerage commissions for brokerage and research services, as provided below. In using its reasonable efforts to obtain for the Company the most favorable price and execution available, the Adviser, bearing in mind the best interests of the Company at all times, shall consider all factors it deems relevant, including without limitation price, the size of the transaction, the breadth and nature of the market for the security, the difficulty of the execution, the amount of the commission, if any, the timing of the transaction, market prices and trends, the reputation, experience and financial stability of the broker, dealer or counterparty involved and the quality of service rendered by the broker or dealer in other transactions. Subject to such policies as the Board may determine, or as may be mutually agreed to by the Adviser and the Board, the Adviser shall not be deemed to have acted unlawfully or to have breached any duty created by this Agreement or otherwise solely by reason of its having caused the Company to pay a broker or dealer that provides brokerage and research services (within the meaning of Section 28(e) of the 1934 Act, and any SEC guidance issued thereunder) to the Adviser an amount of commission for effecting an investment transaction in the Company that is in excess of the amount of commission or spread that another broker or dealer would have charged for effecting that transaction if, but only if, the Adviser determines in good faith that such commission or spread was reasonable in relation to the value of the brokerage and research services provided by such broker or dealer viewed in terms of either that particular transaction or the overall responsibility of the Adviser with respect to the accounts for which it exercises investment discretion (as such term is defined in Section 3(a)(35) of the 1934 Act). It is recognized that the services provided by such brokers and dealers may be useful to the Adviser in connection with the Advisers services to other clients. The Adviser is responsible for obtaining a completed Form W-9 from any broker it selects to place orders for the Company, and responsible for providing such to the Company.

Section 6.03 Written Report. On an ongoing basis, but not less often than annually, the Adviser shall provide a written report summarizing the considerations used for selecting brokers, dealers and other counterparties in the Advisers purchases and sales of portfolio investments and analysis regarding best execution, taking into account the Advisers best execution policy (provided that the Adviser shall not be required to weigh any particular factor on an equal basis), as well as any soft dollar or similar arrangements that the Adviser maintains with brokers or dealers that execute transactions for the Company, and of all research and other services provided to the Adviser by a broker or dealer (whether prepared by such broker or dealer or by a third party) as a result, in whole or in part, of the direction of transactions for the Company by the Adviser to the broker or dealer.

Section 6.04 Right to Aggregate. On occasions when the Adviser or its affiliates deems the purchase or sale of a security to be in the best interests of the Company as well as other clients of the Adviser or its affiliates, as applicable, the Adviser or its affiliates, to the extent permitted by applicable laws and regulations (including without limitation any applicable exemptive orders or SEC guidance) and subject to the trade allocation procedures approved by the Board, may, but shall be under no obligation to, aggregate the securities to be sold or purchased. In such event, allocation of securities so sold or purchased, as well as the expenses incurred in the transaction, will be made by the Adviser in accordance with the approved procedures.

Section 6.05 Commissions. The Adviser shall render reports to the Board as requested regarding commissions generated as a result of trades executed by the Adviser for the Company, as well as information regarding third-party services, if any, received by the Adviser as a result of trading activity relating to the Company with brokers and dealers.

ARTICLE VII. DURATION AND TERMINATION

Section 7.01 Duration. This Agreement will take effect on the date first set forth above. Unless earlier terminated pursuant to the provisions of herein, this Agreement shall remain in effect for two years, and thereafter will continue in effect 

7

from year to year, so long as such continuance shall be approved at least annually by (a) the vote of the Companys Board, or by the vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Company and (b) the vote of a majority of the Companys Trustees who are not parties to this Agreement or interested persons (as such term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act) of any such party, in accordance with the requirements of the 1940 Act. This Agreement may be terminated at any time, without the payment of any penalty, upon sixty (60) days written notice, by the vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Company, or by the vote of the Companys Directors or by the Adviser. This Agreement will automatically terminate in the event of its assignment (as such term is defined for purposes of Section 15(a)(4) of the 1940 Act). 

Section 7.02 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated: (a) by the Adviser at any time without penalty upon giving the Company sixty (60) days written notice (which notice may be waived by the Company); (b) by the Company at any time without penalty upon sixty (60) days written notice to the Adviser (which notice may be waived by the Adviser); or (c) by the Company upon delivery of written notice from the Company to the Adviser in the event of a material breach of any provision of this Agreement by the Adviser, provided that, to the extent such material breach is capable of being cured, the Company shall have first provided the Adviser written notice of the material breach, and the Adviser shall have failed to cure such breach to the reasonable satisfaction of the Company within thirty (30) days after the delivery of such notice; provided that termination by the Company under (b) or (c) above shall be directed or approved by the vote of a majority of all of the Trustees then in office or by the vote of the holders of a majority (as defined in the 1940 Act) of the outstanding voting securities of the Company.

ARTICLE VIII. MISCELLANEOUS

Section 8.01 Limitation of Liability; Indemnification. To the full extent permitted by applicable law, the Adviser (and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members and any other person or entity affiliated with any such person or entity or with the Adviser) shall not be liable to the Company for any action taken or omitted to be taken by the Adviser (and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members and any other person or entity affiliated with any such person or entity or with the Adviser) in connection with the performance of any of its duties or obligations under this Agreement or otherwise as an investment adviser of the Company, except to the extent specified in Section 36(b) of the 1940 Act concerning loss resulting from a breach of fiduciary duty (as the same is finally determined by judicial proceedings) with respect to the receipt of compensation for services, and the Company shall indemnify, defend and protect the Adviser (and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members and any other person or entity affiliated with any such person or entity or with the Adviser, each of whom shall be deemed a third party beneficiary hereof) (collectively, the Indemnified Parties) and hold them harmless from and against all damages, liabilities, costs and expenses(including reasonable attorneys fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) incurred by the Indemnified Parties in or by reason of any pending, threatened or completed action, suit, investigation or other proceeding (including an action or suit by or in the right of the Company or its security holders) arising out of or otherwise based upon the performance of any of the Advisers duties or obligations under this Agreement or otherwise as an investment adviser of the Company. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence of this section to the contrary, nothing contained herein shall protect or be deemed to protect the Indemnified Parties against or entitle or be deemed to entitle the Indemnified Parties to indemnification in respect of, any liability to the Company or its security holders to which the Indemnified Parties would otherwise be subject by reason of willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence in the performance of the Advisers duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of the Advisers duties and obligations under this Agreement (as the same shall be determined in accordance with the 1940 Act and any interpretations or guidance by the SEC or its staff thereunder). Nothing in this Agreement shall in any way constitute a waiver or limitation by the Company of any rights or remedies which may not be so limited or waived in accordance with applicable law.

Section 8.02 Assignment or Amendment. This Agreement may not be amended without the affirmative vote of the Board, including a majority of the Trustees who are not parties to this Agreement or interested persons of any such party, cast at a meeting called for the purposes of voting on such approval in accordance with the requirements of the 1940 Act and, where required by the 1940 Act, by a vote or written consent of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Company, and shall automatically and immediately terminate in the event of its assignment, as defined in the 1940 Act.

Section 8.03 Independent Contractor. Except as otherwise provided herein or authorized by the Board from time to time, the Adviser shall for all purposes herein be deemed to be an independent contractor and shall have no authority to act for or represent the Company in any way or otherwise be deemed an agent of the Company.

Section 8.04 Disclaimer of Shareholder Liability. The Adviser understands that the obligations of the Company under this Agreement are not binding upon any Trustee or shareholder of the Company personally, but bind only the Company and the Companys property. The Adviser represents that it has notice of the provisions of the Declaration of Trust of the Company disclaiming shareholder liability for acts or obligations of the Company.

8

Section 8.05 Definitions. The terms and provisions of this Agreement shall be interpreted and defined in a manner consistent with the provisions and definitions of the 1940 Act.

Section 8.06 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts taken altogether shall constitute one and the same Agreement. Counterparts may be executed in either original or electronically transmitted form (e.g., faxes or emailed portable document format (PDF) form), and the parties hereby adopt as original any signatures received via electronically transmitted form.

Section 8.07 Governing Law, Jurisdiction, etc. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with substantive laws of the State of New York without reference to choice of law principles thereof and in accordance with the 1940 Act. In the case of any conflict, the 1940 Act shall control. The state and federal courts sitting within the State and County of New York shall be the sole and exclusive forums for any action or proceeding hereunder and the parties hereto consent to the jurisdiction thereof. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT SUCH PARTY MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

Section 8.08 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement shall be held or made invalid by a court decision or applicable law, the remainder of the Agreement shall not be affected adversely and shall remain in full force and effect.

Section 8.09 Entire Agreement. This Agreement contains the entire understanding and agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. Each party shall perform such further actions and execute such further documents as are necessary to effectuate the purpose of this Agreement.

Section 8.10 Survival. The provisions of Sections 4.01, 5.02, 8.04, 8.07 and 8.10 shall survive termination of this Agreement.

Section 8.11 No Waiver. The failure of either party hereto to enforce at any time for any period the provisions of or any rights deriving from this Agreement shall not be construed to be a waiver of such provisions or rights or the right of such party thereafter to enforce such provisions, and no waiver shall be binding unless executed in writing by all parties hereto.

Section 8.12 Third-Party Beneficiaries. Nothing in this Agreement, either express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any person other than the parties hereto and the Indemnified Parties any legal or equitable right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement.

Section 8.13 Headings. The descriptive headings contained in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

Section 8.14 Notice. Any notice or other communication required to be given pursuant to this Agreement shall be deemed duly given if delivered or mailed by registered mail, postage prepaid, (1) to the Adviser at 53 Forest Ave, Old Greenwich, CT, 06830, Attention: Chief Executive Officer; with a copy to: Ellington Management Group, L.L.C. at 53 Forest Ave, Old Greenwich, CT, 06830, Attention: General Counsel; or (2) to the Company at 53 Forest Ave, Old Greenwich, CT, 06830, Attention: Chief Executive Officer, with a copy to: Ellington Management Group, L.L.C. at 53 Forest Ave, Old Greenwich, CT, 06830, Attention: General Counsel. 

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

9

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written.

THE COMPANY:

ELLINGTON CREDIT COMPANY (for itself and each of its direct and indirect subsidiaries)

By: /s/ Laurence E. Penn 

Name: Laurence E. Penn

Title: Chief Executive Officer

THE ADVISER:

ELLINGTON CREDIT COMPANY MANAGEMENT LLC

By: /s/ Laurence E. Penn 

Name: Laurence E. Penn

Title: Executive Vice President

10
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>exhibit102-administrationa.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 10.2

ELLINGTON CREDIT COMPANY

ADMINISTRATION AGREEMENT

This ADMINISTRATION AGREEMENT is hereby entered into as of April 1, 2025 (this Agreement) by and among Ellington Credit Company, a Delaware statutory trust (the Company), for itself and on behalf of each of the Companys current and future Subsidiaries (as defined below), and Ellington Credit Company Administration LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Administrator). 

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, the Company operates as closed-end management investment company registered as such with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) pursuant to the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act); and

WHEREAS, the Company desires to retain the Administrator to furnish administrative services to the Company on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, and the Administrator wishes to be retained to provide such services

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements herein set forth, the parties hereto agree as follows:

ARTICLE I. APPOINTMENT

Section 1.01Appointment. The Company hereby appoints the Administrator to act as administrator to the Company for the period and on the terms set forth in this Agreement. The Administrator hereby accepts such appointment and agrees to provide the administrative services herein described, for the compensation herein provided.

ARTICLE II. ADMINISTRATOR SERVICES

Section 2.01Administrative Services. Subject to the supervision and the overall control of the Board of Trustees of the Company (the Board), the Administrator shall act as administrator of the Company, and furnish, or arrange for others to furnish, the administrative services, personnel and facilities necessary for the operation of the Company, for the period and on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrator shall provide the Company with office facilities, equipment, clerical, bookkeeping and record keeping services at such facilities and such other services as the Administrator, subject to review by the Board, shall from time to time determine to be necessary or useful to perform its obligations under this Agreement. The Administrator shall also, on behalf of the Company, conduct relations with custodians, depositories, transfer agents, dividend disbursing agents, other shareholder servicing agents, accountants, attorneys, underwriters, brokers and dealers, corporate fiduciaries, insurers, banks, regulators and other persons in any other capacity deemed to be necessary or desirable. The Administrator shall make reports to the Board of its performance of obligations hereunder and furnish advice and recommendations with respect to such other aspects of the business and affairs of the Company as it shall determine to be desirable; provided that nothing herein shall be construed to require the Administrator to, and the Administrator shall not, provide any advice or recommendation relating to the securities, instruments and other assets that the Company should purchase, retain or sell or any other investment advisory services to the Company. The Administrator shall be responsible for the financial and other records that the Company is required to maintain and shall prepare reports to shareholders, and reports and other materials filed with the SEC. The Administrator shall provide the Company with accounting services; shall assist the Company in determining and publishing the Companys net asset value; shall oversee the preparation and filing of the Companys tax returns; shall monitor the Companys compliance with tax and other applicable laws and regulations; and shall prepare, and assist the Company with any audits by an independent public accounting firm of, the Companys financial statements. The Administrator shall also be responsible for the printing and dissemination of reports to shareholders of the Company and the maintenance of the Companys website; shall provide support for the Companys investor relations; shall generally oversee the payment of the Companys expenses and the performance of administrative and professional services rendered to the Company by others; and shall provide such other administrative services as the Company may from time to time designate. The services to be provided by the Administrator pursuant to this Section 2.01 may be delegated to one or more third-party service providers.

Section 2.02Books and Records. The Administrator agrees to maintain and keep all books, accounts and other records of the Company that relate to activities performed by the Administrator hereunder and, if required by the 1940 Act, will maintain and keep such books, accounts and records in accordance with the 1940 Act. In compliance with the requirements of Rule 31a-3 under the 1940 Act, the Administrator agrees that all records which it maintains for the Company shall at all times remain the property of the Company, shall be readily accessible during normal business hours, and shall be promptly surrendered upon the termination of the Agreement or otherwise on written request. The Administrator further agrees that all records which it maintains for the Company pursuant to Rule 31a-1 under the 1940 Act shall be preserved for the periods 

1

prescribed by Rule 31a-2 under the 1940 Act unless any such records are earlier surrendered as provided above. Records shall be surrendered in usable machine-readable form. The Administrator shall have the right to retain copies of such records subject to observance of its confidentiality obligations under this Agreement.

Section 2.03Confidentiality. The parties hereto agree that each shall treat confidentially the terms and conditions of this Agreement and all information provided by each party to the other regarding its business and operations. All confidential information provided by a party hereto, including nonpublic personal information pursuant to Regulation S-P of the SEC, shall be used by any other party hereto solely for the purpose of rendering services pursuant to this Agreement and, except as may be required in carrying out this Agreement, shall not be disclosed to any third party, without the prior consent of such providing party. The foregoing shall not be applicable to any information that is publicly available when provided or thereafter becomes publicly available other than through a breach of this Agreement, or that is required to be disclosed by any regulatory authority, any authority or legal counsel of the parties hereto, by judicial or administrative process, or otherwise by applicable law or regulation. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this provision shall be deemed to preclude disclosure of the terms of this Agreement in the Registration Statement or other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission by the Company or Ellington Credit Company Management LLC, as the Companys investment adviser, or any successor thereto (the Adviser).

Section 2.04Advisory Services Not Exclusive. The services of the Administrator to the Company are not to be deemed to be exclusive, and the Administrator and each affiliate thereof is free to render services to others. It is understood that directors, officers, employees and shareholders of the Company are or may become interested in the Administrator and its affiliates, as directors, officers, members, managers, employees, partners, shareholders or otherwise, and that the Administrator and directors, officers, members, managers, employees, partners and shareholders of the Administrator and its affiliates are or may become similarly interested in the Company as shareholders or otherwise.

ARTICLE III. COMPENSATION; ALLOCATION OF COSTS AND EXPENSES

Section 3.01Compensation. In full consideration of the provision of the services of the Administrator, the Company shall reimburse the Administrator for the costs and expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its obligations and providing personnel (for the avoidance of doubt, including wages, salaries, bonuses and related payroll expenses) and facilities hereunder.

Section 3.02Allocation of Costs and Expenses. The Company shall bear all costs and expenses that are incurred in its operation and transactions and not specifically assumed by the Adviser pursuant to that certain Investment Advisory Agreement, dated as of April 1, 2025, by and between the Company and the Adviser. Costs and expenses to be borne by the Company include, but shall not be limited to, those relating to:

(a)organizational and offering expenses (including without limitation out-of-pocket expenses, but not overhead or employee costs of the Adviser);

(b)calculating the Companys net asset value (including the cost and expenses of any independent valuation firm);

(c)direct costs and expenses of administration, including for legal, accounting and auditing services (including expenses of legal counsel to the Trustees who are not interested persons (as defined in the 1940 Act) of the Company or the Adviser), printing, mailing, long distance telephone, copying, secretarial and other staff, independent auditors and outside legal costs; 

(d)taxes (including without limitation securities and commodities issuance and transfer taxes) and governmental fees (including without limitation fees payable by the Company to Federal, State or other governmental agencies and associated filing costs);

(e)dues, fees, charges and expenses incurred in connection with membership in investment company organizations (including without limitation membership dues of the Investment Company Institute) or trade associations;

(f)costs associated with distributing shareholder reports, proxy materials, prospectuses, stock certificates, distribution of dividends and/or other notices to shareholders, including printing costs and any other proxy voting expenses; 

(g)charges or distributions required to be paid to the Companys custodians and sub-custodians, administrators and sub-administrators, registrars, depositories, transfer agents, dividend disbursing agents and dividend reinvestment plan agents (including under the custody, administration and other agreements); 

(h)fees and expenses associated with marketing and distribution efforts; 

(i)fees and expenses paid to agents and intermediaries for sub-transfer agency, sub-accounting and other shareholder services on behalf of shareholders of the Company held through omnibus and networked, record shareholder accounts;

2

(j)payment for portfolio pricing services to a pricing agent, if any; 

(k)registration and filing fees of the SEC and various states and other jurisdictions (including filing fees and legal fees and disbursements of counsel); 

(l)fees and expenses of registering or qualifying securities of the Company federally or in the various states; 

(m)fees and expenses incident to qualifying and listing of the Companys shares on any exchange; 

(n)postage, freight and other charges in connection with the shipment of the Companys portfolio securities; 

(o)fees and expenses of Trustees who are not interested persons (as defined in the 1940 Act) of the Company or the Adviser and of any other trustees or members of any advisory board or committee who are not employees of the Adviser or any corporate affiliate of the Adviser; 

(p)salaries of shareholder relations personnel and/or fees and expenses associated with marketing, branding, advertising and shareholder relations efforts; 

(q)costs of shareholders meetings; 

(r)insurance (including without limitation insurance premiums on property or personnel (including without limitation officers and Trustees) of the Company which inure to its benefit and fidelity bond); 

(s)any and all fees, costs and expenses incurred in creating. implementing or maintaining third-party or proprietary software tools, programs or other technology for the benefit of the Company (including, without limitation, any and all fees, costs and expenses of any investment, books and records, portfolio compliance and reporting systems, general ledger or portfolio accounting systems and similar systems and services, including, without limitation, consultant, software licensing, data management and recovery services fees and expenses); 

(t)travel-related and other expenses for executive and administrative staff in connection with activities for the benefit of the Company;

(u)interest payable on any debt incurred to finance the Companys investments; 

(v)any interest or brokerage costs (including without limitation brokers commissions or transactions costs chargeable to the Company in connection with portfolio securities transactions to which the Company is a party); 

(w)the Companys proportionate share of expenses related to co-investments; 

(x)all expenses incident to the payment of any dividend, distribution (including any dividend or distribution program), withdrawal or redemption, whether in shares or in cash; 

(y)amounts payable to third parties relating to, or associated with, evaluating, making and disposing of investments;

(z)litigation and other extraordinary or non-recurring expenses (including without limitation legal claims and liabilities and litigation costs and any indemnification related thereto) (subject, however, to indemnification provisions of this Agreement);

(aa) the compensation of the Companys chief compliance officer and the salary of any compliance personnel of the Adviser and its affiliates who provide compliance-related services to the Company, provided such salary expenses are properly allocated between the Company and other affiliates, as applicable, and any costs associated with the monitoring, testing and revision of the Companys compliance policies and procedures required by Rule 38a-1 under the 1940 Act, including costs, expenses or fees payable to third-parties;

(bb) the cost of any valuation services retained by the Company or the Adviser with respect to the Companys assets (including engagement of such valuation service provider by the Adviser or its affiliates) and all other charges and costs of the Companys operations; 

(cc) fees and expenses incurred by the Adviser or the Company in monitoring financial and legal affairs for the Company and in monitoring the Companys investments and performing due diligence on its prospective investments or otherwise relating to, or associated with, evaluating and making investments; and

(dd) all other expenses incurred by the Company or the Administrator in connection with administering the Companys business, such as the allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its obligations under this Agreement, including rent, office supplies, the fees and expenses associated with performing compliance functions, and the Companys allocable portion of the costs of compensation and related expenses of the Companys chief financial officer, chief operating officer and their respective support staff. 

ARTICLE IV. EFFECTIVENESS, DURATION AND TERMINATION

Section 4.01Effectiveness and Duration. This Agreement shall become effective as of the first date above written. This Agreement shall remain in effect for two years, and thereafter shall continue automatically for successive annual periods; 

3

provided that such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (a) the vote of the Board or the vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Company and (b) the vote of a majority of the Companys trustees who are not parties to this Agreement or interested persons (as such term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act) of any such party. 

Section 4.02Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time, without the payment of any penalty, by the Company upon not less than 60 days written notice or by the Administrator upon not less than 90 days written notice.

ARTICLE V. MISCELLANEOUS

Section 5.01Limitation of Liability; Indemnification. To the full extent permitted by applicable law, the Administrator (and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members, and any other person or entity affiliated with any such person or entity or with the Administrator, including without limitation, its members) shall not be liable to the Company or its shareholders for any act or omission by the Administrator (and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members, and any other person or entity affiliated with any such person or entity or with the Administrator, including without limitation its members) in connection with the performance of any of its duties or obligations under this Agreement or otherwise acting as administrator for the Company, and the Company shall indemnify, defend and protect the Administrator (and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members, and any other person or entity affiliated with any such person or entity or with the Administrator, including without limitation, the Adviser, each of whom shall be deemed a third-party beneficiary hereof) (collectively, the Indemnified Parties) and hold them harmless from and against all damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) incurred by the Indemnified Parties in or by reason of any pending, threatened or completed action, suit, investigation or other proceeding (including an action or suit by or in the right of the Company or its security holders) arising out of or otherwise based upon the performance of any of the Administrators duties or obligations under this Agreement or otherwise as administrator for the Company. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence of this Article IV to the contrary, nothing contained herein shall protect or be deemed to protect the Indemnified Parties against or entitle or be deemed to entitle the Indemnified Parties to indemnification in respect of, any liability to the Company or its security holders to which the Indemnified Parties would otherwise be subject by reason of willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of its obligations in the performance of the Administrators duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of the Administrators duties and obligations under this Agreement (to the extent applicable, as the same shall be determined in accordance with the 1940 Act and any interpretations or guidance by the SEC or its staff thereunder).

Section 5.02Administrator Personnel. The Administrator shall authorize and permit any of its directors, officers or employees who may be elected or appointed as directors or officers of the Company to serve in the capacities in which they are elected or appointed. Services to be furnished by the Administrator under this Agreement may be furnished through the medium of any of such directors, officers or employees. The Administrator shall make its directors, officers and employees available to attend meetings of the Board as may be reasonably requested by the Board from time to time. The Administrator shall prepare and provide such reports on the Company and its operations as may be reasonably requested by the Board from time to time. 

Section 5.03Amendment. This Agreement may be amended by mutual consent of the Company and the Administrator.

Section 5.04Independent Contractor. Except as otherwise provided herein or authorized by the Board from time to time, the Adviser shall for all purposes herein be deemed to be an independent contractor and shall have no authority to act for or represent the Company in any way or otherwise be deemed an agent of the Company.

Section 5.05Disclaimer of Shareholder Liability. The Adviser understands that the obligations of the Company under this Agreement are not binding upon any Trustee or shareholder of the Company personally, but bind only the Company and the Companys property. The Adviser represents that it has notice of the provisions of the Declaration of Trust of the Company disclaiming shareholder liability for acts or obligations of the Company.

Section 5.06Definitions. The terms and provisions of this Agreement shall be interpreted and defined in a manner consistent with the provisions and definitions of the 1940 Act.

Section 5.07Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts taken altogether shall constitute one and the same Agreement. Counterparts may be executed in either original or electronically transmitted form (e.g., faxes or emailed portable document format (PDF) form), and the parties hereby adopt as original any signatures received via electronically transmitted form.

4

Section 5.08Governing Law, Jurisdiction, etc. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with substantive laws of the State of New York without reference to choice of law principles thereof and in accordance with the 1940 Act. In the case of any conflict, the 1940 Act shall control. The state and federal courts sitting within the State and County of New York shall be the sole and exclusive forums for any action or proceeding hereunder and the parties hereto consent to the jurisdiction thereof. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT SUCH PARTY MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

Section 5.09Severability. If any provision of this Agreement shall be held or made invalid by a court decision or applicable law, the remainder of the Agreement shall not be affected adversely and shall remain in full force and effect.

Section 5.10Entire Agreement. This Agreement contains the entire understanding and agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. Each party shall perform such further actions and execute such further documents as are necessary to effectuate the purpose of this Agreement.

Section 5.11No Waiver. The failure of either party hereto to enforce at any time for any period the provisions of or any rights deriving from this Agreement shall not be construed to be a waiver of such provisions or rights or the right of such party thereafter to enforce such provisions, and no waiver shall be binding unless executed in writing by all parties hereto.

Section 5.12Third-Party Beneficiaries. Nothing in this Agreement, either express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any person other than the parties hereto and the Indemnified Parties any legal or equitable right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement.

Section 5.13Headings. The descriptive headings contained in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

Section 5.14Notice. Any notice or other communication required to be given pursuant to this Agreement shall be deemed duly given if delivered or mailed by registered mail, postage prepaid, (1) to the Administrator at 53 Forest Ave, Old Greenwich, CT, 06830, Attention: Chief Executive Officer; with a copy to: Ellington Management Group, L.L.C. at 53 Forest Ave, Old Greenwich, CT, 06830, Attention: General Counsel; or (2) to the Company at 53 Forest Ave, Old Greenwich, CT, 06830, Attention: Chief Executive Officer, with a copy to: Ellington Management Group, L.L.C. at 53 Forest Ave, Old Greenwich, CT, 06830, Attention: General Counsel. 

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

5

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written.

THE COMPANY:

ELLINGTON CREDIT COMPANY (for itself and each of its direct and indirect subsidiaries)

By: /s/ Laurence E. Penn 

Name: Laurence E. Penn 

Title: Authorized Representative

THE ADMINISTRATOR:

ELLINGTON CREDIT COMPANY ADMINISTRATION LLC

By: /s/ Laurence E. Penn 

Name: Laurence E. Penn 

Title: Authorized Representative

6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ex103dividendreinvestmentp.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.3
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 10.3

ELLINGTON CREDIT COMPANY 

DIVIDEND REINVESTMENT PLAN 

Introduction

Under the Dividend Reinvestment Plan (the Plan) for Ellington Credit Company (the Fund), cash dividends paid and/or cash distributions made (collectively, Dividends) to holders of the Funds common shares of beneficial interest, $0.01 par value per share (the Shares), will, except as provided below, automatically be reinvested on behalf of such shareholders in additional Shares of the Fund. Each registered shareholder will be automatically entered into the Plan but may elect to have such Dividends distributed in cash (i.e., opt-out) rather than participate in the Plan (each holder who opts out, a Non-Participant). 

For any registered shareholder that does not opt-out of the Plan (each, a Participant), Dividends on such shareholders Shares will be reinvested in additional Shares by Equiniti Trust Company, LLC (the Plan Agent), as agent for shareholders in administering the Plan, as set forth below. Participation in the Plan is voluntary, and may be terminated or resumed at any time without penalty by so notifying the Plan Agent by telephone, or in writing.

If a Participant provides an opt-out notice, or a Non-Participant provides a resumption notice, and such notice is received by the Plan Agent prior to a given Dividends record date, such notice will be effective with respect to such Dividend and any Dividend with a later Dividend record date. Participants who hold Shares indirectly through a nominee (such as through a broker) must contact their nominee in order to elect to opt-out of (or resume) participation, as the Plan Agent will administer the Plan on the basis of the number of Shares certified from time to time by such nominee as participating in the Plan.

Plan Details

1.The Plan Agent will open an account for each Participant in the same name in which such Participant is registered. Whenever the Fund declares a Dividend, Non-Participants will receive cash but Participants will instead receive the equivalent in newly-issued Shares, whether the Shares are trading at a price per share at, below or above net asset value. The number of Shares to be issued to a Participant shall be determined by dividing the total dollar amount of the Dividend payable to such Participant by an amount equal to ninety five (95%) percent of the market price per share of the Companys Shares at the close of regular trading on the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE) on the Dividend payment date (or, if no sale of Shares is reported for such day, at the average of the last bid and ask prices reported by the NYSE). Notwithstanding that Participants will receive newly-issued Shares, the Board reserves the right to cause the Company to purchase shares in the open market in connection with the implementation of the Plan.

2.The Plan Agents fees for the handling of the reinvestment of Dividends will be paid by the Fund. The automatic reinvestment of Dividends in Shares will not relieve Participants of any Federal, state or local income tax that may be payable (or required to be withheld) on such Dividends.

3.The Plan Agent maintains all Participants accounts in the Plan and furnishes written confirmation of all transactions in the accounts, including information needed by Participants for tax records. Shares in the account of each Participant will be held by the Plan Agent on behalf of the Participant in book entry form in the Plan Agents name or the Plan Agents nominee. The Plan Agent will forward all proxy solicitation materials to Participants and, as applicable, vote proxies for Shares held under the Plan in accordance with the instructions of the Participants.

4.Each Participant may elect, by notice to the Plan Agent as set forth below, to opt-out of (or resume) participation in the Plan. Any such election will be effective with respect to any Dividend only if notice is received by the Plan Agent prior to the related Dividend record date. 

Each Participant may elect, by notice to the Plan Agent as set forth below, to withdraw some or all of their Shares held by the Plan Agent. In the case of a full withdrawal of a Participants account, because the Plan Agent will only permit a whole number of Shares to be withdrawn from a Participants account at any time, such Participant may receive, in lieu of a fractional Share, a check for the cash value of such fractional Share at the market value per Share as of the close of business on the day the withdrawal is effective, less any applicable fee.

Each Participant may elect, by notice to the Plan Agent as set forth below, to have the Plan Agent sell all or a part of their Shares, whereupon the Plan Agent shall remit the proceeds to the Participant, provided that the Plan Agent is authorized to deduct a transaction fee of $15.00 plus a per Share brokers commission of $0.07 from such proceeds.

1

Participants wishing to notify the Plan Agent of the foregoing elections, or wishing otherwise to communicate with the Plan Agent, should do so either through the Plan Agents internet portal at https://equiniti.com/us/ast-access/individuals/, by telephone at (800) 937-5449 or (718) 921-8124, or by mail addressed to Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, c/o Ellington Credit Company, P.O. BOX 10027, Newark NJ 07101. 

5.Participants who hold their Shares through a nominee (such as through a broker) should direct any correspondence or questions concerning the Dividend Reinvestment Plan to their nominee. 

6.The Fund reserves the right to amend or terminate the Plan. 

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>ex104terminationnotice.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.4
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 10.4

[Letterhead of Ellington Credit Company Management LLC]

March 31, 2025

Ellington Credit Company 

53 Forest Ave. 

Old Greenwich, CT 06870

Re: Termination of Management Agreement 

Reference is made to the Sixth Amended and Restated Management Agreement, entered into between Ellington Credit Company (EARN) and Ellington Credit Company Management LLC (the Manager) on June 25, 2024 (the Management Agreement).

Section 13(e)(ii) of the Management Agreement states:

The Manager may terminate this Agreement in the event that the Company becomes regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, with such termination deemed to occur immediately prior to such event. The Company is not required to pay to the Manager the Termination Fee if the termination of this Agreement is made pursuant to this Section 13(e)(ii). 

On March 20, 2025, EARN announced that it had obtained all necessary approvals from its Board of Trustees and shareholders to convert to a Delaware-registered closed-end fund, effective April 1, 2025 (the Conversion) and that upon the Conversion, it intends to operate in compliance with the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act). Therefore, pursuant to Section 13(e)(ii) of the Management Agreement, assuming the Conversion takes place on April 1, 2025 and EARN becomes regulated as an investment company under the 1940 Act on such date, the Manager hereby gives notice of termination of the Management Agreement effective April 1, 2025. The Manager acknowledges that EARN is not required to pay the Manager any fee in connection with such termination. 

[signature follows]

1

Sincerely, 

Ellington Credit Company Management LLC

/s/ Laurence E. Penn 

Laurence E. Penn

Executive Vice President

Signature Page to Termination Notice

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>exhibit991-conversioncompl.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 99.1

ELLINGTON CREDIT COMPLETES CONVERSION TO CLOSED-END FUND

OLD GREENWICH, CONNECTICUT, April 1, 2025Ellington Credit Company (NYSE: EARN) (the Fund) announced today the completion of its conversion to a Delaware-domiciled closed-end fund registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the Conversion). In conjunction with the Conversion, the Fund intends to sell its remaining Agency MBS pools, acquire additional corporate collateralized loan obligations (CLOs), and operate as a Regulated Investment Company (RIC) under U.S. federal tax law. The Fund also plans to change its fiscal and tax year to end on March 31, the day prior to the Conversion.

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are not historical in nature and can be identified by words such as "anticipate," "estimate," "will," "should," "may," "expect," "project," "believe," "intend," "seek," "plan" and similar expressions or their negative forms, or by references to strategy, plans, or intentions. Forward-looking statements are based on our beliefs, assumptions and expectations of our future operations, business strategies, performance, financial condition, liquidity and prospects, taking into account information currently available to us. These beliefs, assumptions, and expectations are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties and can change as a result of many possible events or factors, not all of which are known to us. If a change occurs, our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and strategies may vary materially from those expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements. The following factors are examples of those that could cause actual results to vary from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements: changes in interest rates and the market value of our investments, market volatility, changes in the default rates on corporate loans, our ability to borrow to finance our assets, changes in government regulations affecting our business, a deterioration in the market for collateralized loan obligations, our ability to adapt to the new regulatory regime associated with our conversion to a closed-end fund/RIC, potential business disruption related to our conversion to a closed-end fund/RIC, ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of our conversion to a closed-end fund/RIC, the acceptance by the IRS of the proposed change to our tax year, and other changes in market conditions and economic trends, such as changes to fiscal or monetary policy, heightened inflation, increased tariffs, slower growth or recession, and currency fluctuations. Furthermore, as stated above, forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including, among other things, those described under the heading Risk Factors in our Registration Statement on Form N-2, which can be accessed through the link to our SEC filings under "For Investors" on our website (at www.ellingtoncredit.com) or at the SEC's website (www.sec.gov). Other risks, uncertainties, and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or implied may be described from time to time in reports we file with the SEC, and is not possible for us to predict or identify them all. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.

This release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer of any securities or solicitation of an offer to purchase securities.

About Ellington Credit Company

Ellington Credit Company (NYSE: EARN) is an externally managed, non-diversified closed-end fund that seeks to provide attractive current yields and risk-adjusted total returns by investing primarily in collateralized loan obligations (CLOs), with a focus on mezzanine debt and equity tranches. The Company is externally managed and advised by an affiliate of Ellington Management Group, L.L.C., a leading fixed-income investment manager founded in 1994. The Company benefits from Ellingtons extensive experience and deep expertise in portfolio management, credit analysis, and risk management.

For additional information, visit www.ellingtoncredit.com.

1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>earn-20250328.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>earn-20250328_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 
Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Cover [Abstract] 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 
Title of 12(b) Security 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>earn-20250328_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 28, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 28, 2025

Entity Registrant Name Ellington Credit Company

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-35896

Entity Tax Identification Number 46-0687599

Entity Address, Address Line One 53 Forest Avenue

Entity Address, City or Town Old Greenwich

Entity Address, State or Province CT

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 06870

City Area Code 203

Local Phone Number 698-1200

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Shares of Beneficial Interest, $0.01 par value per share

Trading Symbol EARN

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Entity Central Index Key 0001560672

Amendment Flag false

Current Fiscal Year End Date --03-31

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
0000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://www.earnreit.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

earn-20250328.htm 
earn-20250328.xsd 
earn-20250328_lab.xml 
earn-20250328_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>0001560672-25-000039-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>earn-20250328_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001560672 

2025-03-28 
2025-03-28 

0001560672 
false 
--03-31 
8-K 
2025-03-28 
Ellington Credit Company 
DE 
001-35896 
46-0687599 
53 Forest Avenue 
Old Greenwich 
CT 
06870 
203 
698-1200 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Shares of Beneficial Interest, $0.01 par value per share 
EARN 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>