<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001829126-25-002583.txt : 20250411
<SEC-HEADER>0001829126-25-002583.hdr.sgml : 20250411
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250411160539
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001829126-25-002583
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		30
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250408
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250411
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250411

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Titan Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002009183
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		EIN:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42590
		FILM NUMBER:		25831575

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O WINSTON & STRAWN LLP
		STREET 2:		800 CAPITOL ST., STE 2400
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77002
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3477204333

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O WINSTON & STRAWN LLP
		STREET 2:		800 CAPITOL ST., STE 2400
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77002
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>titanacq_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000200918300020091832025-04-082025-04-080002009183TACH:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShareAndOnehalfOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember2025-04-082025-04-080002009183TACH:ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember2025-04-082025-04-080002009183TACH:WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneClassOrdinaryShareAtExercisePriceMember2025-04-082025-04-08iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): April 8, 2025

Titan Acquisition Corp

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Cayman Islands 001-42590 00-0000000N/A

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

131 Concord Street

Brooklyn, NY11201

(Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (347)720-2907

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant TACHU The Nasdaq Global Market 

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share TACH The Nasdaq Global Market

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share

TACHW The Nasdaq Global Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On April 10, 2025, Titan Acquisition Corp (the Company) consummated its initial public offering (IPO) of 27,600,000 units (the Units), including 3,600,000 Units issued pursuant to the exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (the Class A Ordinary Shares), and one-half of one redeemable warrant of the Company (each, a Warrant), with each whole Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Class A Ordinary Share for $11.50 per share. The Units were sold at a price of $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of $276,000,000.

In connection with the IPO, the Company entered into the following agreements, forms of which were previously filed as exhibits to the Companys Registration Statements on Form S-1 (File No. 333-285659) for the IPO, originally filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on March 10, 2025 (as amended, the Registration Statement):

An Underwriting Agreement, dated April 8, 2025, by and between the Company and Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., as representative of the several underwriters, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 1.1 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

A Warrant Agreement, dated April 8, 2025, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 4.1 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

A Letter Agreement, dated April 8, 2025, by and among the Company, its officers, its directors and the Sponsor, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.1 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

An Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated April 8, 2025, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as trustee, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.2 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

A Registration Rights Agreement, dated April 8, 2025, by and among the Company and certain security holders, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.3 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

A Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated April 8, 2025, by and between the Company and the Sponsor, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.4 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

An Amended and Restated Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated April 10, 2025 (the Amended and Restated Sponsor Private Placement Warrants Agreement), by and between the Company and the Sponsor, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.5 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

A Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated April 8, 2025 (the Underwriter Private Placement Warrants Agreement), by and between the Company, Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. and Odeon Capital Group LLC, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.6 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

An Administrative Services Agreement, dated April 8, 2025, by and between the Company and Sponsor, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.7 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

An Indemnity Agreement, dated April 8, 2025, by and between the Company and Adeel Rouf, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.8 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

An Indemnity Agreement, dated April 8, 2025, by and between the Company and Frank Mastrangelo, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.9 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

An Indemnity Agreement, dated April 8, 2025, by and between the Company and Pawneet Ambrowski, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.10 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

An Indemnity Agreement, dated April 8, 2025, by and between the Company and Walter Beach, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.11 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

An Indemnity Agreement, dated April 8, 2025, by and between the Company and Leslie Goldman Tepper, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.12 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

1

Item 3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, pursuant to the Amended and Restated Sponsor Private Placement Warrants Agreement, the Company completed the private sale of an aggregate of aggregate of 5,710,056 private placement warrants (the Sponsor Private Placement Warrants) to the Sponsor at a purchase price of $1.00 per Sponsor Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds to the Company of $5,710,056. The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Warrants sold in the IPO, except as otherwise disclosed in the Registration Statement. No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to such sale. The issuance of the Sponsor Private Placement Warrants was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, pursuant to the Underwriter Private Placement Warrants Agreement, the Company completed the private sale of an aggregate of aggregate of 2,400,000 private placement warrants (the Underwriter Private Placement Warrants) to Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Inc. and Odeon Capital Group LLC at a purchase price of $1.00 per Underwriter Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds of $2,400,000. The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Warrants sold in the IPO, except as otherwise disclosed in the Registration Statement. No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to such sale. The issuance of the Sponsor Private Placement Warrants was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Item 8.01. Other Events.

A total of $277,380,000 of the proceeds from the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Units were placed in a U.S.-based trust account with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, acting as trustee. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the trust account that may be released to the Company to pay its income taxes and $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses, the funds held in the trust account will not be released from the trust account until the earliest of (i) the completion of the Companys initial business combination, (ii) the redemption of any of the Ordinary Shares included in the Units sold in the IPO (the public shares) properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Companys Amended Charter (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to redeem 100% of the public shares if it does not complete its initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the IPO or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity or (iii) the redemption of the Companys public shares if it is unable to complete its initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the IPO, subject to applicable law.

On April 8, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the pricing of the IPO, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

On April 10, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the closing of the IPO, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 99.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

2

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

The following exhibits are being filed herewith:

Exhibit No. Description

1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated April 8, 2025, by and between the Registrant and Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., as representative of the underwriters

4.1 Warrant Agreement, dated April 8, 2025, by and between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and the Registrant

10.1 Letter Agreement, dated April 8, 2025, by and among the Registrant and its founders

10.2 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated April 8, 2025, by and between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC and the Registrant

10.3 Registration Rights Agreement, dated April 8, 2025, by and among the Registrant and certain security holders

10.4 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement dated April 8, 2025, by and among the Registrant and the Sponsor

10.5 Amended and Restated Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement dated April 10, 2025 by and among the Registrant and the Sponsor

10.6 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated April 8, 2025, by and among the Registrant, Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. and Odeon Capital Group LLC

10.7 Administrative Services Agreement, dated April 8, 2025, by and between the Registrant and the Sponsor

10.8 Indemnity Agreement, dated April 8, 2025, by and between the Company and Adeel Rouf

10.9 Indemnity Agreement, dated April 8, 2025, by and between the Company and Frank Mastrangelo

10.10 Indemnity Agreement, dated April 8, 2025, by and between the Company and Pawneet Ambrowski

10.11 Indemnity Agreement, dated April 8, 2025, by and between the Company and Walter Beach

10.12 Indemnity Agreement, dated April 8, 2025, by and between the Company and Leslie Goldman Tepper

99.1 Press Release, dated April 8, 2025

99.2 Press Release, dated April 10, 2025

3

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Titan Acquisition Corp

By: /s/ Frank Mastrangelo

Name: Frank Mastrangelo

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Dated: April 11, 2025

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>titanacq_ex1-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 1.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 1.1

Execution Version

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT

between

TITAN ACQUISITION CORP

and

CANTOR FITZGERALD & CO.,

As Representative of the Underwriters

Dated: April 8, 2025

TITAN ACQUISITION CORP UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT

New York, New York

April 8, 2025

Cantor Fitzgerald & Co.

499 Park Avenue

New York, New York 10022

As Representative of the Underwriters

named on Schedule A hereto

Ladies and Gentlemen:

The undersigned, Titan
Acquisition Corp, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), hereby confirms its agreement with Cantor
Fitzgerald & Co. (Cantor Fitzgerald or the Representative) and with the other underwriters
named on Schedule A hereto (if any), for which the Representative is acting as representative (the Representative and such other
underwriters being collectively referred to herein as the Underwriters or, each underwriter individually,
an Underwriter as follows:

1. Purchase and Sale of Securities.

1.1. Firm Securities.

1.1.1. Purchase of
Firm Units. On the basis of the representations and warranties contained herein, but subject to the terms and conditions herein
set forth, the Company agrees to issue and sell to the several Underwriters, severally and not jointly, and the Underwriters agree
to purchase from the Company, severally and not jointly, an aggregate of 24,000,000 units (the Firm Units)
of the Company, as set forth opposite the respective names of the Underwriters on Schedule A hereto, at a purchase
price (net of discounts and commissions) of $9.35 per Firm Unit. The Firm Units are to be offered initially to the public (the
Offering) at the offering price of $10.00 per Firm Unit. Each Firm Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share
(Ordinary Share), $0.0001 par value, of the Company (Public Shares), and one-half of
one redeemable warrant (the Public Warrants). The Ordinary Shares and the Public Warrants included in the
Firm Units will trade separately on the fifty-second (52nd) day following the date hereof (or if such date is not a Business Day
(as defined in Section 1.1.2), the following Business Day) unless the Representative determines to allow earlier separate
trading. Notwithstanding the immediately preceding sentence, in no event will the Ordinary Shares and the Public Warrants included
in the Firm Units trade separately until (i) the Company has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission)
a Current Report on Form 8-K that includes an audited balance sheet reflecting the Companys receipt of the proceeds of the
Offering and the Private Placement (as defined in Section 1.4.2) and updated financial information with respect to
any proceeds the Company receives from the exercise of the Over-allotment Option (defined below) if such option is exercised prior
to the filing of the Form 8-K, and (ii) the Company has issued a press release announcing when such separate trading will begin.
Each whole Public Warrant entitles its holder to purchase one Ordinary Share for $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment, commencing
thirty (30) days after the consummation by the Company of a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization
or other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities (the Business Combination),
and expiring on the five year anniversary of the consummation by the Company of its initial Business Combination (such consummation,
the Business Combination Closing), or earlier upon redemption.

2

1.1.2. Payment and
Delivery. Delivery and payment for the Firm Units shall be made at 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on the first (1st) Business
Day (as defined below) following the commencement of trading of the Units, or at such earlier time as shall be agreed upon by the
Representative and the Company, at the offices of Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP, counsel to the Underwriters (EGS),
or at such other place as shall be agreed upon by the Representative and the Company. The hour and date of delivery and payment
for the Firm Units is called the Closing Date. Payment for the Firm Units shall be made on the Closing Date
by wire transfer in Federal (same day) funds, payable as follows: $241,200,000 of the proceeds received by the Company for the
Firm Units and the sale of the Placement Warrants (as defined in Section 1.4.2) shall be deposited in the trust account
(the Trust Account) established by the Company for the benefit of the Public Shareholders (as defined below),
as described in the Registration Statement (as defined in Section 2.1.1) pursuant to the terms of an Investment Management
Trust Agreement (the Trust Agreement) between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company
(CST). The funds deposited in the Trust Account shall include an aggregate of $10,800,000 ($0.45 per Firm
Unit), payable to the Underwriters as Deferred Underwriting Commission, in accordance with Section 1.3 hereof. The
remaining proceeds (less commissions and actual expense payments or other fees payable pursuant to this Agreement), if any, shall
be paid to the order of the Company upon delivery to the Representative of certificates (in form and substance satisfactory to
the Representative) representing the Firm Units (or through the facilities of The Depository Trust Company (DTC))
for the account of the Underwriters. The Firm Units shall be registered in such name or names and in such authorized denominations
as the Representative may request in writing at least two (2) full Business Days prior to the Closing Date. If delivery is not
made through the facilities of DTC, the Company will permit the Representative to examine and package the Firm Units for delivery,
at least one (1) full Business Day prior to the Closing Date. The Company shall not be obligated to sell or deliver any of the
Firm Units except upon tender of payment by the Representative for all the Firm Units. As used herein, the term Public
Shareholders means the holders of Ordinary Shares sold as part of the Units in the Offering or acquired in the aftermarket,
including the Sponsor (as defined below) and any officer or director of the Company, to the extent, he, she or it acquires such
Ordinary Shares in the aftermarket (and solely with respect to such Ordinary Shares). Business Day shall mean
any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or required by
law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by
law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or
any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority
so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York are
generally are open for use by customers on such day.

1.2. Over-Allotment Option.

1.2.1. Option Units.
The Representative is hereby granted an option (the Over-allotment Option) to purchase up to an additional
3,600,000 units (the Option Units), the net proceeds of which will be deposited in the Trust Account, for
the purposes of covering any over-allotments in connection with the distribution and sale of the Firm Units. Such Option Units
shall be identical in all respects to the Firm Units. Such Option Units shall be purchased for each account of the several Underwriters
in the same proportion as the number of Firm Units, set forth opposite such Underwriters name on Schedule A
hereto, bears to the total number of Firm Units (subject to adjustment by the Representative to eliminate fractions). The Firm
Units and the Option Units are hereinafter collectively referred to as the Units, and the Units, the Public
Shares, the Public Warrants included in the Units, and the Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants are hereinafter
referred to collectively as the Public Securities. No Option Units shall be sold or delivered unless the Firm
Units previously have been, or simultaneously are, sold and delivered. The right to purchase the Option Units, or any portion thereof,
may be exercised from time to time and to the extent not previously exercised may be surrendered and terminated at any time upon
notice by the Representative to the Company. The purchase price to be paid for each Option Unit will be $10.00 per Option Unit.

1.2.2. Exercise of Option. The Over-allotment Option granted pursuant to Section 1.2.1 hereof may be exercised by the Representative as to all (at any time) or any part
(from time to time) of the Option Units within forty-five (45) days after the effective date (Effective Date) of the Registration Statement (as defined in Section 2.1.1 hereof). The Underwriters will not be under any obligation to purchase any Option
Units prior to the exercise of the Over-allotment Option. The Over-allotment Option
granted hereby may be exercised by the giving of oral notice to the Company by the
Representative, which must be confirmed in accordance with Section 9.1 herein setting forth the number of Option Units to be purchased and the date and time
for delivery of and payment for the Option Units (the Option Closing Date), which will not be later than five (5) full Business Days after the date of the
notice or such other time and in such other manner as shall be agreed upon by the
Company and the Representative, at the offices of EGS or at such other place (including
remotely by facsimile or other electronic transmission) as shall be agreed upon by
the Company and the Representative. If such delivery and payment for the Option Units
does not occur on the Closing Date, the Option Closing Date will be as set forth in
the notice. Upon exercise of the Over-allotment Option, the Company will become obligated
to convey to the Underwriters, and, subject to the terms and conditions set forth
herein, the Underwriters will become obligated to purchase, the number of Option Units
specified in such notice.

3

1.2.3. Payment and Delivery. Payment for the Option Units shall be made on the Option Closing Date by wire transfer
in Federal (same day) funds, payable as follows: $10.00 per Option Unit shall be deposited
in the Trust Account pursuant to the Trust Agreement upon delivery to the Representative
of certificates (in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative) representing
the Option Units (or through the facilities of DTC) for the account of the Representative.
The amount to be deposited in the Trust Account will include $0.65 per Option Unit (up to $2,340,000), payable to the Underwriters, as Deferred Underwriting Commission, in accordance
with Section 1.3 hereof. The certificates representing the Option Units to be delivered will be in
such denominations and registered in such names as the Representative requests in
writing not less than two (2) full Business Days prior to the Closing Date or the
Option Closing Date, as the case may be, and will be made available to the Representative
for inspection, checking and packaging at the aforesaid office of the Companys transfer agent or correspondent not less than one (1) full Business Day prior to
such Closing Date. The Company shall not be obligated to sell or deliver the Option
Units except upon tender of payment by the Representative for applicable Option Units.

1.3. Deferred Underwriting Commission. The Representative agrees that 4.5% of the gross proceeds from the sale of the Firm
Units ($10,800,000) and 6.5% of the gross proceeds from the sale of the Option Units (up to $2,340,000), if any (collectively, the Deferred Underwriting Commission), will be deposited and held in the Trust Account and payable directly from the
Trust Account, without accrued interest, to the Underwriters upon the occurrence of
the Business Combination Closing. The Trust Agreement shall provide that the trustee
is required to obtain a joint written instruction signed by both the Company and the
Representative with respect to the transfer of the funds held in the Trust Account,
including the payment of the Deferred Underwriting Commission from the Trust Account,
prior to commencing any liquidation of the assets of the Trust Account in connection
with the consummation of any Business Combination, and such provision of the Trust
Agreement shall not be permitted to be amended without the prior written consent of
the Representative. In the event that the Company is unable to consummate a Business
Combination and CST, as the trustee of the Trust Account (in this context, the Trustee), commences liquidation of the Trust Account as provided in the Trust Agreement,
the Representative, on behalf of itself and the Underwriters, agrees that: (i) the
Underwriters shall forfeit any rights or claims to the Deferred Underwriting Commission,
including any accrued interest thereon; and (ii) the Deferred Underwriting Commission,
together with all other amounts on deposit in the Trust Account, shall be distributed
on a pro-rata basis among the Public Shareholders. The Representative shall have the
right to agree to any further modifications to the Deferred Underwriting Commission
on behalf of the Underwriters and any decisions relating to such modifications shall
be made exclusively by the Representative on behalf of the Underwriters. For the avoidance of doubt, the obligations of each Underwriter under this Agreement
shall be fully satisfied upon the payment of the purchase price for the Units purchased by such Underwriter on the Closing Date or Option Closing Date without
any further conditions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement,
each Underwriter may at any time prior to the Business Combination Closing and in
its sole and absolute discretion, by written notice to the Company, elect to forfeit
any right or claim to its Deferred Underwriting Commission, in which case the Company
and the Representative agree to instruct the Trustee not to pay such Underwriter its
Deferred Underwriting Commission upon the occurrence of a Business Combination Closing.
For the avoidance of doubt, any such election by an Underwriter shall be without prejudice
to any right or claim of any other Underwriter to its respective portion of the Deferred
Underwriting Commission or to any other right such Underwriter may have under this
Agreement.

1.4. Private Placements.

1.4.1. Founder Shares. In January 2024, Titan Acquisition Sponsor Holdco LLC, a Cayman Islands limited liability company (Sponsor) paid $25,000 for 7,475,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share (the Founder Shares). On August 5, 2024, the Sponsor forfeited 1,150,000 Founder Shares for no additional consideration pursuant to an amended and restated securities subscription
agreement, resulting in the Sponsor holding a total of 6,325,000 Founder Shares. On March 4, 2025, the Company issued an additional 575,000 Founder Shares for no additional consideration pursuant to a second amended and
restated securities subscription agreement, resulting in the Sponsor holding a total of 6,900,000 Founder Shares, of which up to an aggregate of 900,000 shares are subject to forfeiture depending on the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised, for a purchase price of approximately $0.004
per share. No underwriting discounts, commissions or placement fees have been or will be payable
in connection with the purchase of Founder Shares. Except as described in the Registration
Statement, none of the Founder Shares may be sold, assigned or transferred by the
Sponsor until the earlier of: (A) one year after the completion of the initial Business
Combination or (B) the date following the completion of the initial Business Combination
on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the shareholders having the right to exchange their
Ordinary Shares for cash, securities or other property. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if the closing price of Ordinary Shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted
for share sub-divisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any
20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after
the initial Business Combination, the Founder Shares will be released from the lockup.
The holders of Founder Shares shall have no right to any liquidating distributions
with respect to any portion of the Founder Shares in the event the Company fails to
consummate a Business Combination. The holders of the Founder Shares shall not have
redemption rights with respect to the Founder Shares. In the event that the Over-allotment
Option is not exercised in full, the Sponsor will be required to forfeit such number
of Founder Shares (up to 900,000 Founder Shares) such that the Founder Shares then outstanding will comprise 20.0%
of the issued and outstanding Public Shares after giving effect to the Offering and
exercise, if any, of the Over-allotment Option.

4

1.4.2. Private Placement.
Simultaneously with the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as applicable, (i) the Sponsor will purchase from the Company,
pursuant to the Sponsor Purchase Agreement (as defined in Section 2.21.2 hereof), 5,600,000 warrants (or up to 5,780,000
warrants if the Over-Allotment Option is exercised in full) and (ii) the Underwriters will purchase from the Company, pursuant
to the Underwriters Purchase Agreement (as defined in Section 2.21.3 hereof), an aggregate of 2,400,000 warrants (Cantor
will purchase 1,680,000 warrants (whether or not the underwriters Over-Allotment Option is exercised in full) and Odeon
Capital Group LLC will purchase 720,000 warrants (whether or not the underwriters Over-Allotment Option is exercised in
full)), which warrants are substantially identical to the Public Warrants subject to certain exceptions (collectively, the Placement
Warrants and together with the Public Warrants, the Warrants), at a purchase price of $1.00 per
Placement Warrant, in a private placement intended to be exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Act) pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Act. The private placement of the Placement Warrants to
the Sponsor and the Underwriters is referred to herein as the Private Placement. Certain proceeds from the
sale of the Placement Warrants shall be deposited into the Trust Account. None of the Placement Warrants (or the underlying Ordinary
Shares) may be sold, assigned or transferred by the Sponsor or the Underwriters, other than to their permitted transferees, until
thirty (30) days after consummation of a Business Combination. The Representative acknowledges and agrees that the Placement Warrants
and the underlying Ordinary Shares acquired by the Representative pursuant to the Representative Purchase Agreement will be deemed
compensation by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) and will therefore also be subject to
lock-up for a period of 180 days immediately following the commencement of sales of the Offering, subject to certain limited exceptions,
pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1). Accordingly, the Placement Warrants and the underlying Ordinary Shares acquired by the
Representative pursuant to the Representative Purchase Agreement may not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated
nor may they be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put, or call transaction that would result in the effective
economic disposition of the securities by any person for 180 days immediately following the commencement of sales of the Offering,
except to any FINRA member participating in the Offering and the officers, partners, registered persons or affiliates thereof,
if all securities so transferred remain subject to the lock-up restriction for the remainder of the time period.

1.4.3. No underwriting discounts, commissions, or placement fees have been or will
be payable in connection with the Placement Warrants. The Placement Warrants are identical
to the Public Warrants except that (i) the Placement Warrants (including the underlying
securities) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned
or sold by the holders until 30 days after the completion of the Companys initial Business Combination, (ii) will be entitled to registration rights and (iii)
with respect to Placement Warrants held by the Underwriters and/or their designees,
will not be exercisable more than five years from the commencement of sales in the
Offering in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8). The Public Securities, the Placement Warrants, and the Founder Shares are
hereinafter referred to collectively as the Securities.

1.5. Working Capital. Upon consummation of the Offering and the Private Placement, it is intended that
approximately $1,425,000 of the proceeds from the Offering and the Private Placement
will be released to the Company and held outside of the Trust Account to fund the
working capital requirements of the Company.

1.6. Interest Income. Prior to the Companys consummation of a Business Combination or the Companys liquidation, interest earned on the Trust Account may be released to the Company
from the Trust Account in accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement to pay
any franchise and income taxes payable by the Company and up to $100,000 for dissolution expenses, all as
more fully described in the Prospectus (as defined below).

5

2. Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to the Underwriters as follows:

2.1. Filing of Registration Statement.

2.1.1. Pursuant to
the Act. The Company has filed with the Commission a registration statement and an amendment or amendments thereto, on Form
S-1 (File No. 333-285659), including any related preliminary prospectus (Preliminary Prospectus), including
any prospectus that is included in the Registration Statement immediately prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement,
for the registration of the Public Securities, which registration statement and amendment or amendments have been prepared by the
Company in conformity with the requirements of the Act, and the rules and regulations (the Regulations) of
the Commission under the Act. The conditions for use of Form S-1 to register the Offering under the Act, as set forth in the General
Instructions to such Form, have been satisfied. Except as the context may otherwise require, such registration statement, as amended,
on file with the Commission at the time the registration statement becomes effective (including the prospectus, financial statements,
schedules, exhibits and all other documents filed as a part thereof or incorporated therein and all information deemed to be a
part thereof as of such time pursuant to Rule 430A of the Regulations), is hereinafter called the Registration Statement,
and the form of the final prospectus dated the Effective Date included in the Registration Statement (or, if applicable, the form
of final prospectus containing information permitted to be omitted at the time of effectiveness by Rule 430A of the Regulations,
filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424 of the Regulations), is hereinafter called the Prospectus.
For purposes of this Agreement, Time of Sale, as used in the Act, means 5:00 p.m. New York City time, on the
date of this Agreement. Prior to the Time of Sale, the Company prepared a Preliminary Prospectus, which was included in the Registration
Statement filed on April 3, 2025, for distribution by the Underwriters (such Preliminary Prospectus used most recently prior
to the Time of Sale, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus). If the Company files, or is required pursuant to the
terms hereof to file, a Registration Statement pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Act registering additional securities of
any type or an amendment to such Registration Statement (a Rule 462(b) Registration Statement), then,
unless otherwise specified, any reference herein to the term Registration Statement shall be deemed to include
such Rule 462(b) Registration Statement. Other than a Rule 462(b) Registration Statement, which, if filed, becomes effective
upon filing, no other document with respect to the Registration Statement has been filed with the Commission. All of the Public
Securities have been registered for public sale under the Act pursuant to the Registration Statement and, if any Rule 462(b)
Registration Statement is filed, will be duly registered for public sale under the Act with the filing of such Rule 462(b)
Registration Statement. The Registration Statement has been declared effective by the Commission on the date hereof. If, subsequent
to the date of this Agreement, the Company or the Representative determines that at the Time of Sale, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus
includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits a statement of material fact necessary to make the statements therein,
in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading and the Company and the Representative agree to provide
an opportunity to purchasers of the Units to terminate their old purchase contracts and enter into new purchase contracts, then
the Sale Preliminary Prospectus will be deemed to include any additional information available to purchasers at the time of entry
into the first such new purchase contract.

2.1.2. Pursuant to the Exchange Act. The Company has filed with the Commission a Registration Statement on Form 8-A (File
Number 001-[ ]) providing for the registration under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the Exchange Act), of the Units, the Public Shares and the Public Warrants. The registration of the
Units, Public Shares and Public Warrants under the Exchange Act has been declared
effective by the Commission on the date hereof and the Units, the Public Shares and
the Public Warrants have been registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act.

2.1.3. No Stop Orders, Etc. Neither the Commission nor, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any federal, state or other regulatory authority
has issued any order or threatened to issue any order preventing or suspending the
use of the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus, the Sale Preliminary
Prospectus or Prospectus or any part thereof, or has instituted or, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, threatened to institute any proceedings
with respect to such an order.

6

2.2. Disclosures in Registration Statement.

2.2.1. 10b-5 Representation. At the time of effectiveness of the Registration Statement (or at the time of any
post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement) and at all times subsequent
thereto up to the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the Registration
Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus do and will contain
all material statements that are required to be stated therein in accordance with
the Act and the Regulations, and did or will, in all material respects, conform to
the requirements of the Act and the Regulations. The Registration Statement, as of
the Effective Date, did not, and the amendments and supplements thereto, as of their
respective dates, will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit
to state any material fact required to be stated therein, or necessary to make the
statements therein, not misleading. The Prospectus (together with any supplements
thereto), as of its date and the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as the case
may be, did not, and the amendments and supplements thereto, as of their respective
dates, will not, include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of
the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Sale Preliminary
Prospectus, as of the Time of Sale (or such subsequent Time of Sale pursuant to Section 2.1.1) (together with any supplements thereto), did not include any untrue statement of
a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
When any Preliminary Prospectus or the Sale Preliminary Prospectus was first filed
with the Commission (whether filed as part of the Registration Statement for the registration
of the Public Securities or any amendment thereto or pursuant to Rule 424(a) of the Regulations) and when any amendment thereof or supplement thereto was
first filed with the Commission, such Preliminary Prospectus or the Sale Preliminary
Prospectus and any amendments thereof and supplements thereto complied or will have
been corrected in the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus to comply in
all material respects with the applicable provisions of the Act and the Regulations
and did not and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make
the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading. The representation and warranty made in this Section 2.2.1 does not apply to statements made or statements omitted in reliance upon and in conformity
with written information furnished to the Company with respect to the Underwriters
by the Underwriters expressly for use in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary
Prospectus or the Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto. The parties
acknowledge and agree that such information provided by or on behalf of the Underwriters
consists solely of the following: the names of the Underwriters, the information with
respect to dealers concessions and reallowances contained in the section entitled Underwriting, the
information with respect to short positions and stabilizing transactions contained
in the section entitled Underwriting and the identity of counsel to the Underwriters
contained in the section entitled Legal Matters (such information, collectively,
the Underwriters Information).

2.2.2. Disclosure of Agreements. The agreements and documents described in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary
Prospectus and the Prospectus conform to the descriptions thereof contained therein
in all material respects and there are no agreements or other documents required to
be described in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus or the
Prospectus or to be filed with the Commission as exhibits to the Registration Statement,
that have not been so described or filed. Each agreement or other instrument (however
characterized or described) to which the Company is a party or by which its property
or business is or may be bound or affected and (i) that is referred to in the Registration
Statement, Sale Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or attached as an exhibit
thereto, or (ii) that is material to the Companys business, has been duly authorized and validly executed by the Company, is in full
force and effect and is enforceable against the Company and, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, the other parties thereto, in accordance
with its terms, except (x) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, (y) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision
may be limited under the foreign, federal and state securities laws, and (z) that
the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief
may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before
which any proceeding therefor may be brought, and no such agreement or instrument
has been assigned by the Company, and neither the Company nor, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any other party is in breach or default
thereunder and, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, no event has occurred that, with the lapse
of time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute a breach or default thereunder.
To the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, the performance by the Company of the material
provisions of such agreements or instruments will not result in a violation of any
existing applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any governmental
agency or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any
of its assets or businesses, including, without limitation, those relating to environmental
laws and regulations.

7

2.2.3. Prior Securities Transactions. No securities of the Company have been sold by the Company or by or on behalf of,
or for the benefit of, any person or persons controlling, controlled by, or under
common control with the Company since the date of the Companys formation, except as disclosed in the Registration Statement.

2.2.4. Regulations. The disclosures in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and
the Prospectus concerning the effects of federal, foreign, state and local regulation
on the Companys business as currently contemplated are correct in all material respects and do not
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light
of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading.

2.3. Changes After Dates in Registration Statement.

2.3.1. No Material Adverse Change. Since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration
Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, except as otherwise
specifically stated therein, (i) there has been no material adverse change in the
condition, financial or otherwise, or business prospects of the Company, (ii) there
have been no material transactions entered into by the Company, other than as contemplated
pursuant to this Agreement, (iii) no member of the Companys board of directors (the Board of Directors) or management has resigned from any position with the Company and (iv) no event
or occurrence has taken place which materially impairs, or would likely materially
impair, with the passage of time, the ability of the members of the Board of Directors
or management to act in their capacities with the Company as described in the Registration
Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus.

2.3.2. Recent Securities Transactions. Subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration
Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, and except as may otherwise
be indicated or contemplated herein or therein, the Company has not (i) issued any
securities or incurred any liability or obligation, direct or contingent, for borrowed
money; or (ii) declared or paid any dividend or made any other distribution on or
in respect to its share capital.

2.4. Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. To the Companys knowledge, WithumSmith+Brown, PC (Withum), whose report is filed with the Commission as part of, and is included in, the
Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus, and the Prospectus, is an
independent registered public accounting firm as required by the Act, the Regulations
and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (the PCAOB), including the rules and regulations promulgated by such entity. To the Companys knowledge, Withum is currently registered with the PCAOB. Withum has not, during
the periods covered by the financial statements included in the Registration Statement,
the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, provided to the Company any non-audit
services, as such term is used in Section 10A(g) of the Exchange Act.

2.5. Financial Statements; Statistical Data.

2.5.1. Financial Statements. The financial statements, including the notes thereto and supporting schedules (if
any) included in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the
Prospectus fairly present the financial position, the results of operations and the
cash flows of the Company at the dates and for the periods to which they apply; such
financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP), consistently applied throughout the periods involved; and the supporting schedules
included in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus
present fairly the information required to be stated therein in conformity with the
Regulations. No other financial statements or supporting schedules are required to
be included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary
Prospectus or the Prospectus. The Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus
and the Prospectus disclose all material off-balance sheet transactions, arrangements,
obligations (including contingent obligations), and other relationships of the Company
with unconsolidated entities or other persons that may have a material current or
future effect on the Companys financial condition, changes in financial condition, results of operations, liquidity,
capital expenditures, capital resources, or significant components of revenues or
expenses. There are no pro forma or as adjusted financial statements that are required
to be included in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and
the Prospectus in accordance with Regulation S-X or Form 10 that have not been included
as required.

8

2.5.2. Statistical Data. The statistical, industry-related and market-related data included in the Registration
Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus, and/or the Prospectus are based on or
derived from sources that the Company reasonably and in good faith believes are reliable
and accurate, and such data materially agree with the sources from which they are
derived.

2.6. Authorized Capital; Options. The Company had at the date or dates indicated in each of the Registration Statement,
the Sale Preliminary Prospectus, and the Prospectus, as the case may be, duly authorized,
issued and outstanding capitalization as set forth in the Registration Statement,
the Sale Preliminary Prospectus, and the Prospectus. Based on the assumptions stated
in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus, and the Prospectus,
the Company will have on the Closing Date or on the Option Closing Date, as the case
may be, the adjusted share capitalization set forth therein. Except as set forth in,
or contemplated by the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and
the Prospectus, on the Effective Date and on the Closing Date or Option Closing Date,
as the case may be, there will be no options, warrants, or other rights to purchase
or otherwise acquire any authorized but unissued Ordinary Shares or any security convertible
into Ordinary Shares, or any contracts or commitments to issue or sell Ordinary Shares
or any such options, warrants, rights or convertible securities.

2.7. Valid Issuance of Securities.

2.7.1. Outstanding Securities. All issued and outstanding securities of the Company issued prior to the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement have been duly authorized and validly issued and are
fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof have no rights of rescission with respect thereto,
and are not subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders; and none
of such securities was issued in violation of the preemptive rights of any holders
of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company.
The authorized and outstanding securities of the Company conform in all material respects
to all statements relating thereto contained in the Registration Statement, the Sale
Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus. All offers and sales and any transfers
of the outstanding securities of the Company were at all relevant times either registered
under the Act and the applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws or, based in part
on the representations and warranties of the purchasers of such securities, exempt
from such registration requirements.

2.7.2. Securities Sold Pursuant to this Agreement. The Public Securities have been duly authorized and reserved for issuance and when
issued and paid for in accordance with this Agreement, will be validly issued, and
the Ordinary Shares will be fully paid and non-assessable and the holders thereof
are not and will not be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders.
The Public Securities are not and will not be subject to the preemptive rights of
any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by
the Company; and all corporate action required to be taken for the authorization,
issuance and sale of the Public Securities has been duly and validly taken. The form
of certificates for the Public Securities conform to the corporate law of the jurisdiction
of the Companys incorporation and applicable securities laws. The Public Securities conform in all
material respects to the descriptions thereof contained in the Registration Statement,
the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, as the case may be. When paid
for and issued, the Public Warrants will constitute valid and binding obligations
of the Company to issue and deliver the number and type of securities of the Company
called for thereby in accordance with the terms thereof and such Public Warrants will
be enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except:
(i) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization
or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally; (ii) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision
may be limited under foreign, federal and state securities laws; and (iii) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable
relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court
before which any proceeding therefor may be brought. The Ordinary Shares issuable
upon exercise of the Public Warrants have been reserved for issuance upon the exercise
of the Public Warrants and upon payment of the consideration therefor, and when issued
and delivered in accordance with the terms thereof and the Warrant Agreement (as defined
in Section 2.23) such Ordinary Shares will be duly and validly authorized, validly issued and upon
payment therefor, fully paid and non-assessable, and the holders thereof are not and
will not be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders.

9

2.7.3. Placement Securities.

2.7.3.1. When paid for and issued, the Placement Warrants will constitute valid and
binding obligations of the Company to issue and deliver the number and type of securities
of the Company called for thereby in accordance with the terms thereof and such Placement
Warrants are enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms,
except: (i) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization
or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally; (ii) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision
may be limited under foreign, federal and state securities laws; and (iii) that the
remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief
may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before
which any proceeding therefor may be brought. The Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise
of the Placement Warrants have been reserved for issuance upon the exercise of the
Placement Warrants and upon payment of the consideration therefor, and when issued
and delivered in accordance with the terms thereof and the Warrant Agreement (as defined
in Section 2.23) such Ordinary Shares will be duly and validly authorized, validly issued and upon
payment therefor, fully paid and non-assessable, and the holders thereof are not and
will not be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders.

2.7.4. No Integration.
Neither the Company nor any of its affiliates has, prior to the date hereof, made any offer or sale of any securities which are
required to be or may be integrated pursuant to the Act or the Regulations with the Offering.

2.8. Registration Rights of Third Parties. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus
and the Prospectus, no holders of any securities of the Company or any rights exercisable
for or convertible or exchangeable into securities of the Company have the right to
require the Company to register any such securities of the Company under the Act or
to include any such securities in a registration statement to be filed by the Company.

2.9. Validity and Binding Effect of Agreements. This Agreement, the Warrant Agreement (as defined in Section 2.23), the Trust Agreement, the Sponsor Purchase Agreement, the Underwriters Purchase Agreement,
the Services Agreement (as defined in Section 2.21.4), the Registration Rights Agreement (as defined in Section 2.21.5) and the Insider Letter (as defined in Section 2.21.1) (collectively with this Agreement, the Transaction Documents) have been duly and validly authorized by the Company and, when executed and delivered,
will constitute the valid and binding agreements of the Company, enforceable against
the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except: (i) as such enforceability
may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting
creditors rights generally, (ii) with respect to this Agreement only, as enforceability of
any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under the foreign, federal
and state securities laws and (iii) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive
and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to
the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought.

2.10. No Conflicts, Etc. The execution, delivery, and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents,
the consummation by the Company of the transactions herein and therein contemplated
and the compliance by the Company with the terms hereof and thereof do not and will
not, with or without the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both: (i) result
in a breach or violation of, or conflict with any of the terms and provisions of,
or constitute a default under, or result in the creation, modification, termination
or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the
Company pursuant to the terms of any agreement, obligation, condition, covenant or
instrument to which the Company is a party or bound or to which its property is subject
except pursuant to the Trust Agreement; (ii) result in any violation of the provisions
of the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, as may be amended
from time to time, of the Company (the Charter Documents); or (iii) violate any existing applicable statute, law, rule, regulation, judgment,
order or decree of any governmental agency or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction
over the Company or any of its properties, assets or business constituted as of the
date hereof.

2.11. No Defaults; Violations. No default or violation exists in the due performance and observance of any term,
covenant or condition of any license, contract, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust,
note, loan or credit agreement, or any other agreement or instrument evidencing an
obligation for borrowed money, or any other agreement or instrument to which the Company
is a party or by which the Company may be bound or to which any of the properties
or assets of the Company is subject. The Company is not in violation of any term or
provision of its Charter Documents or in violation of any franchise, license, permit,
applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment or decree of any governmental agency or
court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its properties
or businesses.

10

2.12. Corporate Power; Licenses; Consents.

2.12.1. Conduct of Business. The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority, and has all necessary
authorizations, approvals, orders, licenses, certificates and permits of and from
all governmental regulatory officials and bodies that it needs as of the date hereof
to conduct its business purpose as described in the Registration Statement, the Sale
Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus. The disclosures in the Registration Statement,
the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus concerning the effects of foreign,
federal, state and local regulation on the Offering and the Companys business purpose as currently contemplated are correct in all material respects
and do not omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading. Since its formation, the Company has conducted no
business and has incurred no liabilities other than in connection with its formation,
in furtherance of the Offering or as otherwise described in the Registration Statement,
the Sale Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, as applicable.

2.12.2. Transactions Contemplated Herein. The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into the Transaction
Documents and to carry out the provisions and conditions hereof and thereof, and all
consents, authorizations, approvals and orders required in connection herewith and
therewith have been obtained. No consent, authorization, or order of, and no filing
with, any court, government agency or other body, foreign or domestic, is required
for the valid issuance, sale and delivery, of the Securities and the consummation
of the transactions and agreements contemplated by the Transaction Documents and as
contemplated by the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the
Prospectus, except with respect to applicable foreign, federal and state securities
laws, the rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market (Nasdaq) and the rules and regulations promulgated by FINRA.

2.12.3. Jurisdiction and Designation. The Company has the power to submit, and pursuant to Section 9.7 of this Agreement has, to the extent permitted by law, legally, validly, effectively and irrevocably submitted, to the jurisdiction of any New York
State or United States Federal court sitting in The City of New York, Borough of Manhattan.

2.13. D&O Questionnaires. To the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, all information contained in the questionnaires
(Questionnaires) completed by each of the Companys officers, directors and shareholders (together with the Sponsor, the Insiders) and provided to the Representative and its counsel and the biographies of the Insiders
and other persons contained in the Registration Statement, Sale Preliminary Prospectus
and the Prospectus (to the extent a biography is contained) is true and correct and
the Company has not become aware of any information which would cause the information
disclosed in the Questionnaires completed by each Insider to become inaccurate, incorrect
or incomplete.

2.14. Litigation; Governmental Proceedings. There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry, arbitration, investigation, litigation
or governmental proceeding pending, or to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, threatened against or involving the Company
or, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any Insider or any shareholder or member
of an Insider that has not been disclosed, that is required to be disclosed, in the
Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus or the Questionnaires.

2.15. Good Standing. The Company has been duly incorporated and is validly existing as an exempted company and is in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation. The Company
is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation
in each jurisdiction in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of
business requires such qualification, except where the failure to qualify would not
have a material adverse effect on the condition (financial or otherwise), earnings,
assets, prospects, business, operations or properties of the Company, whether or not
arising from transactions in the ordinary course of business (a Material Adverse Effect).

2.16. No Contemplation of a Business Combination. The Company has not selected any specific Business Combination target (each a Target Business) and it has not, nor has anyone on its behalf, engaged in any substantive discussions,
directly or indirectly, with any Target Business with respect to an initial Business
Combination with the Company.

11

2.17. Transactions Requiring Disclosure to FINRA.

2.17.1. Finders Fees. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus
or the Prospectus, there are no claims, payments, arrangements, agreements or understandings
relating to the payment of a brokerage commission or finders, consulting or origination fee by the Company or any Insider with respect to the
sale of the Securities hereunder or any other arrangements, agreements or understandings
of the Company or to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any Insider that may affect the Underwriters compensation, as determined by FINRA.

2.17.2. Payments Within 180 Days. The Company has not made any direct or indirect payments (in cash, securities or
otherwise) to: (i) any person, as a finders fee, consulting fee or otherwise, in consideration of such person raising capital
for the Company or introducing to the Company persons who raised or provided capital
to the Company; (ii) to the Companys knowledge, any participating member, as defined in FINRA Rule 5110, with respect to the Offering (Participating Member) within the 180-day period prior to the initial filing of the Registration Statement,
other than the prior payments to the Representative in connection with the Offering.
The Company has not issued any warrants or other securities, or granted any options,
directly or indirectly, to any Participating Member within the 180-day period prior to the initial filing date of the Registration Statement. No person
to whom securities of the Company have been privately issued within the 180-day period
prior to the initial filing date of the Registration Statement has any relationship
or affiliation or association with any Participating Member. Except with respect to
the Underwriters in connection with the Offering, the Company has not entered into
any agreement or arrangement (including, without limitation, any consulting agreement
or any other type of agreement) during the 180-day period prior to the initial filing
date of the Registration Statement with the Commission, which arrangement or agreement
provides for the receipt of underwriting compensation as defined in Rule 5110 of the FINRA Manual by any Participating Member.

2.17.3. FINRA Affiliation. Except as disclosed in the FINRA Questionnaires provided to the Representative,
to the Companys knowledge, no officer or director or any direct or indirect beneficial owner (including
the Insiders) of any class of the Companys unregistered securities (whether debt or equity, registered or unregistered, regardless
of the time acquired or the source from which derived) has any direct or indirect
affiliation or association with any Participating Member (as determined in accordance
with the rules and regulations of FINRA). The Company will advise the Representative
and EGS if it learns that any officer or director or any direct or indirect beneficial
owner (including the Insiders) is or becomes an affiliate or associated person of
a Participating Member.

2.17.4. Share Ownership. Except as disclosed in the FINRA Questionnaires provided to the Representative,
to the Companys knowledge, no officer or director or any direct or indirect beneficial owner (including
the Insiders) of any class of the Companys unregistered securities is an owner of shares or other securities of any Participating
Member (other than securities purchased on the open market).

2.17.5. Loans. To the Companys knowledge, no officer or director or any direct or indirect beneficial owner (including
the Insiders) of any class of the Companys unregistered securities has made a subordinated loan to any member of FINRA participating
in the Offering.

2.17.6. Proceeds of the Offering. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus
or the Prospectus, no proceeds from the sale of the Public Securities (excluding underwriting
compensation) or the Placement Warrants, will be paid to any FINRA member participating
in the Offering, or any Participating Member, except as specifically authorized herein.

2.17.7. Conflicts of Interest. To the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, no Participating Member has a conflict of
interest with the Company. For this purpose, a conflict of interest exists when a member of FINRA and/or its associated persons, parent or affiliates
in the aggregate beneficially own 10% or more of the Companys outstanding common equity or 10% or more of the Companys preferred equity.

2.18. Taxes.

2.18.1. There are no
transfer taxes or other similar fees or charges under U.S. federal law or the laws of any U.S. state or any political subdivision
of the United States, or under the laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction, required to be paid in connection with the execution and
delivery of this Agreement or the issuance or sale by the Company of the Public Securities.

12

2.18.2. The Company
has filed all U.S. federal, state and local, and non-U.S., tax returns required to be filed with taxing authorities prior to
the date hereof in a timely manner or has duly obtained extensions of time for the filing thereof and the Company has paid all
taxes shown as due on such returns that were filed and has paid all taxes imposed on it and any other assessment, fine or penalty
levied against it, to the extent that any of the foregoing is due and payable, in the case of each of the foregoing, except where
the failure to file or pay, as applicable, would not have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has made appropriate provisions
in the applicable financial statements referred to in Section 2.5.1 above in respect of all federal, state, local and
foreign income and franchise taxes for all current or prior periods as to which the tax liability of the Company has not been finally
determined.

2.19. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act; Anti-Money Laundering; Patriot Act.

2.19.1. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Neither the Company nor to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any of the Insiders or any other person
acting on behalf of the Company, has, directly or indirectly, given or agreed to give
any money, gift or similar benefit (other than legal price concessions to customers
in the ordinary course of business) to any customer, supplier, employee or agent of
a customer or supplier, or official or employee of any governmental agency or instrumentality
of any government (domestic or foreign) or any political party or candidate for office
(domestic or foreign) or other person who was, is, or may be in a position to help
or hinder the business of the Company (or assist it in connection with any actual
or proposed transaction) that (i) might subject the Company to any damage or penalty
in any civil, criminal or governmental litigation or proceeding, (ii) if not given
in the past, might have had a Material Adverse Effect, or (iii) if not continued in
the future, might adversely affect the assets, business or operations of the Company.
The Company has taken reasonable steps to ensure that its accounting controls and
procedures are sufficient to cause the Company to comply in all material respects
with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

2.19.2. Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act. The operations of the Company are and have been conducted at all times in compliance
with (i) the requirements of the U.S. Treasury Department Office of Foreign Asset
Control and (ii) applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements of
the Currency and Foreign Transaction Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, including
the Money Laundering Control Act of 1986, as amended, the rules and regulations thereunder
and any related or similar money laundering statutes, rules, regulations or guidelines,
issued, administered or enforced by any Federal governmental agency (collectively,
the Money Laundering Laws) and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency,
authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company with respect to the Money
Laundering Laws is pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened.

2.19.3. Patriot Act. Neither the Company nor to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any Insider has violated the Bank Secrecy
Act of 1970, as amended, or Uniting and Strengthening of America by Providing Appropriate
Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (USA PATRIOT) Act of 2001, and/or
the rules and regulations promulgated under any such law, or any successor law.

2.20. Officers Certificate. Any certificate signed by any duly authorized officer of the Company in connection
with the Offering and delivered to the Representative or to EGS shall be deemed a
representation and warranty by the Company to the Underwriters as to the matters covered
thereby.

2.21. Agreements With Insiders.

2.21.1. Insider Letter. The Company has caused to be duly executed a legally binding and enforceable agreement
(except (i) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization
or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, (ii) as enforceability of any indemnification, contribution or
non-compete provision may be limited under foreign, federal and state securities laws,
and (iii) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of
equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of
the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought), a form of which is
annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement (the Insider Letter), pursuant to which each of the Insiders of the Company agree to certain matters.
The Insider Letter shall not be amended, modified or otherwise changed without the
prior written consent of the Representative, which consent shall not be unreasonably
delayed, conditioned or withheld by the Representative.

13

2.21.2. Sponsor Purchase Agreement. The Company and the Sponsor have executed and delivered a Private Placement Warrants
Purchase Agreement, the form of which is annexed as an exhibit to the Registration
Statement (the Sponsor Purchase Agreement), pursuant to which the Sponsor will, among other things, on the Closing Date and on the Option Closing Date (if any), consummate the purchase of and deliver the purchase price for the Placement Warrants
to be sold to the Sponsor described in Section 1.4.2. Certain proceeds from the sale of the Placement Warrants will be deposited by the
Company in the Trust Account in accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement on
the Closing Date and on the Option Closing Date (if any) as provided for in the Sponsor Purchase Agreement.

2.21.3. Underwriters Purchase Agreement. The Company and the Underwriters have executed and delivered a Private Placement
Warrants Purchase Agreement, the form of which is annexed as an exhibit to the Registration
Statement (the Underwriters Purchase Agreement, and together with the Sponsor Purchase Agreement, the Purchase Agreements), pursuant to which the Underwriters will, among other things, on the Closing Date and on the Option Closing Date (if any), consummate the purchase of and deliver the purchase price for the Placement Warrants
to be sold to the Underwriters described in Section 1.4.2. Certain proceeds from the sale of the Placement Warrants will be deposited by the
Company in the Trust Account in accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement on
the Closing Date and on the Option Closing Date (if any) as provided for in the Underwriters Purchase Agreement.

2.21.4. Administrative Services. The Company and an affiliate of the Sponsor have entered into an agreement (Services Agreement) substantially in the form annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement pursuant
to which an affiliate of the Sponsor will (i) make available to the Company office
space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support for $10,000 per month
for until the Business Combination Closing and the Company will reimburse the Sponsor
for any reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating
and completing a Business Combination and (ii) pay to an affiliate of the Sponsor,
$15,000 per month for the consulting services of an entity affiliated with the Companys President.

2.21.5. Registration Rights Agreement. The Company, the Sponsor and the Underwriters have entered into a Registration Rights
Agreement (Registration Rights Agreement) substantially in the form annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement,
whereby such parties will be entitled to certain registration rights with respect
to the securities of the Company they hold or may hold, as set forth in such Registration
Rights Agreement and described more fully in the Registration Statement, the Sale
Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus.

2.21.6. Loans. The Sponsor has agreed to make loans to the Company in the aggregate amount of up
to $300,000 (the Insider Loans) pursuant to a promissory note substantially in the form annexed as an exhibit to
the Registration Statement. The Insider Loans do not bear any interest and are repayable
by the Company on the earlier of December 31, 2025 and the consummation of the Offering.

2.22. Investment Management Trust Agreement. The Company has entered into the Trust Agreement with respect to certain proceeds
of the Offering and the Private Placement substantially in the form annexed as an
exhibit to the Registration Statement.

2.23. Warrant Agreement. The Company has entered into a warrant agreement with CST with respect to the Public
Warrants, the Placement Warrants and certain other warrants that may be issued by
the Company substantially in the form filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement
(Warrant Agreement).

2.24. No Existing Non-Competition Agreements. No Insider is subject to any non-competition agreement or non-solicitation agreement with any employer or prior employer which could materially
affect his ability to be an employee, officer and/or director of the Company, except
as disclosed in the Registration Statement.

2.25. Investments. No more than 45% of the value (as defined in Section 2(a)(41) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (Investment Company Act)) of the Companys total assets consist of, and no more than 45% of the Companys net income after taxes is derived from, securities other than Government Securities
(as defined in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act) or money market funds meeting the conditions
of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act.

14

2.26. Investment
Company Act. The Company is not required, and upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as herein contemplated and the application
of the net proceeds therefrom as described in the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus will not be required, to register
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act.

2.27. Subsidiaries. The Company does not own an interest in any corporation, partnership, limited liability
company, joint venture, trust or other business entity.

2.28. Related Party Transactions. No relationship, direct or indirect, exists between or among the Company, on the
one hand, and any Insider, on the other hand, which is required by the Act, the Exchange
Act or the Regulations to be described in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary
Prospectus and the Prospectus which is not so described as required. There are no
outstanding loans, advances (except normal advances for business expenses in the ordinary
course of business) or guarantees of indebtedness by the Company to or for the benefit
of any of the officers or directors of the Company or any of their respective family
members, except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus
and the Prospectus. The Company has not extended or maintained credit, arranged for
the extension of credit, or renewed an extension of credit, in the form of a personal
loan to or for any director or officer of the Company.

2.29. No Influence. The Company has not offered, or caused the Underwriters to offer, the Firm Units
to any person or entity with the intention of unlawfully influencing: (a) a customer
or supplier of the Company or any affiliate of the Company to alter the customers or suppliers level or type of business with the Company or such affiliate or (b) a journalist
or publication to write or publish favorable information about the Company or any
such affiliate.

2.30. Sarbanes-Oxley. The Company is or on the Closing Date will be, in material compliance with the provisions
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended (Sarbanes-Oxley), and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and related or similar rules
or regulations promulgated by any governmental or self-regulatory entity or agency,
that are applicable to it as of the date hereof.

2.31. Distribution of Offering Material by the Company. The Company has not distributed and will not distribute, prior to the later of the
Closing Date and the completion of the distribution of the Units, any offering material
in connection with the offering and sale of the Units other than the Sale Preliminary
Prospectus and the Prospectus, in each case as supplemented and amended.

2.32. The Nasdaq Global Market. The Public Securities have been authorized for listing, subject to official notice
of issuance and evidence of satisfactory distribution, on the Nasdaq Global Market
and the Company knows of no reason or set of facts that is likely to adversely affect
such authorization.

2.33. Board of Directors. As of the Effective Date, the Board of Directors of the Company will be comprised
of the persons set forth as Directors or Director nominees under the heading of
the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus captioned Management. As of the
Effective Date, the qualifications of the persons serving as board members and the
overall composition of the board will comply with Sarbanes-Oxley and the rules promulgated
thereunder and the rules of Nasdaq that are, in each case, applicable to the Company.
As of the Effective Date, the Company will have an Audit Committee that satisfies
the applicable requirements under Sarbanes-Oxley and the rules promulgated thereunder
and the rules of Nasdaq, subject to the permitted phase-in requirements under the
rules of Nasdaq.

2.34. Emerging Growth Company. From its formation through the date hereof, the Company has been and is an emerging
growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Act (an Emerging Growth Company).

2.35. No Disqualification Events. Neither the Company, nor any of its predecessors or any affiliated issuer, nor any
director, executive officer, or other officer of the Company participating in the
Offering, nor any beneficial owner of 20% or more of the Companys outstanding voting equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor
any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the Act) connected with the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each,
a Company Covered Person and, together, Company Covered Persons) is subject to
any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the Act (a Disqualification Event), except for a Disqualification
Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3). The Company has exercised reasonable care to determine whether
any Company Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification Event. The Company has
complied, to the extent applicable, with its disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e), and has furnished to the Underwriters a copy of any disclosures provided thereunder.

15

2.36. Free-Writing Prospectus and Testing-the-Waters. The Company has not made any offer relating to the Public Securities that would
constitute an issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433 under the Act, or that would otherwise constitute a free writing prospectus as
defined in Rule 405. The Company: (a) has not engaged in any Testing-the-Waters Communication other
than Testing-the-Waters Communications with the consent of the Representative with
entities that are qualified institutional buyers within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Act or institutions that are accredited investors within the meaning
of Rule 501 of Regulation D under the Act and (b) has not authorized anyone to engage in Testing-the-Waters
Communications other than its officers and the Representative and individuals engaged
by the Representative. The Company has not distributed any written Testing-the-Waters
Communications other than those listed on Schedule B hereto. Testing-the-Waters Communication means any oral or written communication with potential investors undertaken in reliance
on Section 5(d) of the Act.

2.37. No Fee Arrangements. As of the date hereof, except as set forth in the Prospectus, the Company has not
entered into any agreement, written or oral, pursuant to which the Company will be
obligated to pay any Insider or an affiliate of any Insider a consulting, finder or
success fees for assisting the Company in consummating a Business Combination.

2.38. Underwriter Engagement. The Company does not have any expectation, understanding or agreement with any Underwriter
for such Underwriter to provide any additional services to the Company after the consummation
of the Offering relating to the initial Business Combination, the financing thereof
or other related transactions. Any Underwriters provision of any such additional services in connection with the initial Business
Combination will require the Companys separate engagement of such Underwriter in connection with the initial Business
Combination and the entry into a related written engagement agreement between such
Underwriter and the Company setting forth the terms and conditions of the additional
services to be provided by such Underwriter to the Company.

3. Covenants of the Company. The Company covenants and agrees as follows:

3.1. Amendments to Registration Statement. The Company will deliver to the Representative, prior to filing, any amendment or
supplement to the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus
proposed to be filed after the Effective Date and the Company shall not file any such
amendment or supplement to which the Representative reasonably objects in writing.

3.2. Federal Securities Laws.

3.2.1. Compliance. During the time when a Prospectus is required to be delivered under the Act, the
Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to comply with all requirements
imposed upon it by the Act, the Regulations, and the Exchange Act, and by the regulations
under the Exchange Act, as from time to time in force, so far as necessary to permit
the continuance of sales of or dealings in the Securities in accordance with the provisions
hereof and the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus. If at any time when
a Prospectus relating to the Securities is required to be delivered under the Act,
any event shall have occurred as a result of which, in the opinion of counsel for
the Company or counsel for the Underwriters, the Prospectus, as then amended or supplemented,
includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state any material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, or if it is
necessary at any time to amend or supplement the Prospectus to comply with the Act,
the Company will notify the Representative promptly and prepare and file with the
Commission, subject to Section 3.1 hereof, an appropriate amendment or supplement in accordance with Section 10 of the Act.

3.2.2. Filing of Final Prospectus. The Company will file the Prospectus (in form and substance satisfactory to the
Underwriters) with the Commission pursuant to the requirements of Rule 424 of the Regulations.

16

3.2.3. Exchange Act Registration. The Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the registration
of the Public Securities under the provisions of the Exchange Act (except in connection
with a going-private transaction) for a period of five years from the Effective Date,
or until the Company is required to be liquidated or is acquired, if earlier, or,
in the case of the Public Warrants, until the Public Warrants expire and are no longer
exercisable or have been exercised or redeemed in full. The Company will not deregister
the Public Securities under the Exchange Act (except in connection with a going private
transaction after the completion of a Business Combination) without the prior written
consent of the Representative.

3.2.4. Exchange Act Filings. From the Effective Date until the earlier of the Companys initial Business Combination, or its liquidation and dissolution, the Company shall
timely file with the Commission via the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval
System (EDGAR) such statements and reports as are required to be filed by a company registered
under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act.

3.2.5. Sarbanes-Oxley Compliance. As soon as it is legally required to do so, the Company shall take all actions necessary
to obtain and thereafter maintain material compliance with each applicable provision
of Sarbanes-Oxley and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and related
or similar rules and regulations promulgated by any other governmental or self-regulatory
entity or agency with jurisdiction over the Company.

3.3. Free-Writing Prospectus. The Company agrees that it will not make any offer relating to the Public Securities
that would constitute an issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433 under the Act, or that would otherwise constitute a free writing prospectus as
defined in Rule 405, without the prior consent of the Underwriters.

3.4. Delivery to Underwriters of Prospectuses. The Company will deliver to the Underwriters, without charge and from time to time
during the period when the Prospectus is required to be delivered under the Act or
the Exchange Act, such number of copies of each of the Preliminary Prospectus and
the Prospectus as the Underwriters may reasonably request and, as soon as the Registration
Statement or any amendment or supplement thereto becomes effective, deliver to the
Underwriters, upon their request, two manually executed Registration Statements, including
exhibits, and all post-effective amendments thereto and copies of all exhibits filed
therewith or incorporated therein by reference and all manually executed consents
of certified experts.

3.5. Effectiveness and Events Requiring Notice to the Representative. The Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Registration
Statement to remain effective and will notify the Representative immediately and confirm
the notice in writing: (i) of the effectiveness of the Registration Statement and
any amendment thereto; (ii) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending
the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto
or preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus
or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for that purpose; (iii)
of the issuance by any foreign or state securities commission of any proceedings for
the suspension of the qualification of the Public Securities for offering or sale
in any jurisdiction or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for
that purpose; (iv) of the mailing and delivery to the Commission for filing of any
amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or Prospectus; (v) of the receipt
of any comments or request for any additional information from the Commission; and
(vi) of the happening of any event that, in the reasonable judgment of the Company,
makes any statement of a material fact made in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus
untrue or that requires the making of any changes in the Registration Statement or
the Prospectus in order to make the statements therein, and in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading. If the Commission or any foreign or state
securities commission shall enter a stop order or suspend such qualification at any
time, the Company will make every reasonable effort to obtain promptly the lifting
of such order.

3.6. Affiliated Transactions.

3.6.1. Business Combinations. The Company will not consummate a Business Combination with any entity that is affiliated
with any Insider unless (i) the Company obtains an opinion from an independent investment
banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions
stating that such an initial Business Combination is fair to the Company from a financial
point of view and (ii) a majority of the Companys disinterested and independent directors approve such transaction.

3.6.2. Compensation to Insiders. Except as disclosed in the Prospectus and consented to by the Representative, which consent shall not to be unreasonably
withheld, conditioned or delayed, the Company shall not pay any of the Insiders or any of their affiliates any fees
or compensation from the Company, for services rendered to the Company prior to, or
in connection with, the consummation of a Business Combination.

17

3.7. [Reserved.]

3.8. Reports to the Representative. For a period of five (5) years from the Effective Date or until such earlier time
upon which the Company is required to be liquidated or is no longer required to file
reports under the Exchange Act, the Company will furnish to the Representative and
its counsel copies of such financial statements and other periodic and special reports
as the Company from time to time furnishes generally to holders of any class of its
securities, and promptly furnish to the Underwriters: (i) a copy of each periodic
report the Company shall be required to file with the Commission, (ii) a copy of every
press release and every news item and article with respect to the Company or its affairs
that was released by the Company, (iii) a copy of each current Report on Form 8-K
or Schedules 13D, 13G, 14D-1 or 13E-4 received or prepared by the Company, (iv) two (2) copies of
each registration statement filed by the Company with the Commission under the Act,
and (v) such additional documents and information with respect to the Company and
the affairs of any future subsidiaries of the Company as the Representative may from
time to time reasonably request; provided the Representative shall sign, if requested
by the Company, a Regulation FD compliant confidentiality agreement which is reasonably
acceptable to the Representative and its counsel in connection with the Representatives receipt of such information. Documents filed or furnished with the Commission pursuant
to its EDGAR system shall be deemed to have been delivered to the Representative pursuant
to this Section.

3.9. Transfer Agent. For a period of five (5) years following the Effective Date or until such earlier
time upon which the Company is required to be liquidated, the Company shall retain
a transfer agent and warrant agent acceptable to the Representative. CST is acceptable
to the Underwriters.

3.10. Payment of Expenses. The Company hereby agrees to pay all Company expenses incident to the performance
of the obligations of the Company under this Agreement, including but not limited
to (i) the Companys legal and accounting fees and disbursements, (ii) the preparation, printing, filing,
mailing and delivery (including the payment of postage with respect to such mailing)
of the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Sale Prospectus and the Prospectus,
including any pre or post effective amendments or supplements thereto, and the printing
and mailing of this Agreement and related documents, including the cost of all copies
thereof and any amendments thereof or supplements thereto supplied to the Underwriters
in quantities as may be required by the Underwriters, (iii) fees incurred in connection
with conducting background checks of the Companys management team, up to a maximum of $5,500 per person, (iv) the preparation, printing,
engraving, issuance and delivery of the Units, the Ordinary Shares and the Public
Warrants included in the Units, including any transfer or other taxes payable thereon,
(v) filing fees incurred in registering the Offering with FINRA and the reasonable
fees of counsel of the Underwriters (such legal fees not to exceed $15,000) in connection
therewith, (vi) fees, costs and expenses incurred in listing the Securities on the
Nasdaq Global Market or such other stock exchanges as the Company and the Underwriters
together determine, (vii) all fees and disbursements of the transfer and warrant agent,
(viii) all of the Companys expenses associated with due diligence and road show meetings arranged by the
Representative and any presentations made available by way of a net roadshow, including
without limitation, trips for the Companys management to meet with prospective investors, all travel, food and lodging expenses
associated with such trips incurred by the Company or such management; and (ix) all
other costs and expenses customarily borne by an issuer incident to the performance
of its obligations hereunder which are not otherwise specifically provided for in
this Section 3.10, provided that the expenses reimbursed to the Underwriters shall not exceed $75,000
in the aggregate. If the Offering is consummated, the Representative may deduct from
the net proceeds of the Offering payable to the Company on the Closing Date the expenses
set forth above (which shall be mutually agreed upon between the Company and the Representative
prior to the Closing Date) to be paid by the Company to the Representative and others.
In addition, the Company hereby also agrees to pay, promptly upon the request of the
Representative, all reasonable out of pocket expenses incurred by any of the Underwriters
which are associated with any Business Combination marketing activities or capital
markets advisory activities undertaken by any of the Underwriters at the request of
the Company (Business Combination Services). The Company shall also pay for the costs and expenses incurred by the Underwriters
in connection with the Business Combination to the extent provided for in Section 3.33. If the Offering is not consummated for any reason (other than a breach by the Representative
of any of its obligations hereunder), then the Company shall reimburse the Representative
in full for its reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses actually incurred, including, without limitation, reasonable fees
and disbursements of counsel to the Underwriters related to FINRA matters, such legal
fees not to exceed $15,000 and such expenses not to exceed $75,000 in the aggregate
(including legal fees).

18

3.11.
Application of Net Proceeds. The Company will apply the net proceeds from the Offering and Private Placement received by
it in a manner consistent in all material respects with the application described under the caption Use of Proceeds
in the Prospectus.

3.12. Delivery of Earnings Statements to Security Holders. The Company will make generally available to its security holders as soon as practicable
an earnings statement (which need not be certified by an independent registered public
accounting firm unless required by the Act or the Regulations, but which shall satisfy
the provisions of Rule 158(a) under Section 11(a) of the Act) covering a period of at least twelve consecutive months beginning
after the Effective Date.

3.13. Notice to FINRA.

3.13.1. Notice to the Representative. For a period of sixty (60) days after the date of the Prospectus, in the event any
person or entity (regardless of any FINRA affiliation or association) is engaged,
in writing, to assist the Company in its search for a Target Business or to provide
any other services in connection therewith, the Company will provide the following
to the Representative prior to the consummation of the Business Combination: (i) complete details of all services and copies of agreements governing such services;
and (ii) justification as to why the person or entity providing the merger and acquisition
services should not be considered a Participating Member with respect to the Offering,
as such term is defined in Rule 5110 of the FINRA Manual. The Company also agrees that, if required by law, proper
disclosure of such arrangement or potential arrangement will be made in the tender
offer documents or proxy statement which the Company will file with the Commission
in connection with the Business Combination.

3.13.2. FINRA. The Company shall advise the Representative if it is aware that any 10% or greater
shareholder of the Company becomes an affiliate or associated person of a Participating
Member.

3.13.3. Broker/Dealer. In the event the Company intends to register as a broker/dealer, merge with or acquire
a registered broker/dealer, or otherwise become a member of FINRA, it shall promptly
notify FINRA.

3.14. Stabilization. The Company shall not take, and shall direct its employees, directors or shareholders
not to take, directly or indirectly, any action without the consent of the Representative
that is designed to or that has constituted or that might reasonably be expected to
cause or result in, under the Exchange Act, or otherwise, stabilization or manipulation
of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the
Units.

3.15. Existing Lock-Up
Agreement. The Company will use its best efforts to enforce all existing agreements between the Company and any of its security
holders that prohibit the sale, transfer, assignment, pledge or hypothecation of any of the Securities in connection with the Offering.
In addition, the Company will direct the Companys transfer agent to place stop transfer restrictions upon any such Securities
of the Company that are bound by such existing lock-up agreements for the duration of the periods contemplated
in such agreements.

3.16. Payment of Deferred Underwriting Commission on Business Combination. Upon the occurrence of the Business Combination Closing, the Company agrees that
it will cause the Trustee to pay the Deferred Underwriting Commission directly from
the Trust Account to the Underwriters, in accordance with Section 1.3; provided that the Representative has complied with the provision set forth in Section 3.28. The Underwriters shall have no claim to payment of any interest earned on the portion
of the proceeds held in the Trust Account representing the Deferred Underwriting Commission.

3.17. Internal Controls. The Company will maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to
provide reasonable assurances that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with
managements general or specific authorization, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary in
order to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP and to
maintain accountability for assets, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance
with managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets
is compared with existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is
taken with respect to any differences.

3.18. Accounting Firm. Until the earlier of the consummation of the Companys initial Business Combination or until such earlier time upon which the Company is
required to be liquidated, the Company shall retain Withum or another independent
registered public accounting firm reasonably acceptable to the Representative.

19

3.19. Form 8-K. The Company shall, on or prior to the date hereof, retain its independent registered
public accounting firm to audit the balance sheet of the Company as of the Closing
Date (Audited Financial Statements) reflecting the receipt by the Company of the proceeds of the Offering and the Private
Placement. Within four (4) Business Days after the Closing Date, the Company shall
file a Current Report on Form 8-K with the Commission, which Report shall contain
the Companys Audited Financial Statements. Promptly after the Option Closing Date, if the Over-allotment
Option is exercised after the Closing Date, the Company shall file with the Commission
a Current Report on Form 8-K or an amendment to the Form 8-K to provide updated financial
information to reflect the exercise of such option.

3.20. Corporate Proceedings. All corporate proceedings and other legal matters necessary to carry out the provisions
of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall have been done to
the reasonable satisfaction to EGS.

3.21. Investment Company. The Company shall cause the proceeds of the Offering to be held in the Trust Account
to be invested only as provided for in the Trust Agreement and disclosed in the Prospectus.
The Company will conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become subject
to the Investment Company Act. Furthermore, once the Company consummates a Business
Combination, it shall be engaged in a business other than that of investing, reinvesting,
owning, holding or trading securities.

3.22. Amendments to Charter Documents. The Company covenants and agrees, that prior to its initial Business Combination
it will not seek to amend or modify its Charter Documents, except in accordance with
the procedures set forth therein. The Company acknowledges that the purchasers of
the Public Securities in the Offering shall be deemed to be third-party beneficiaries
of this Agreement solely for purposes of this Section 3.22.

3.23. Press Releases. The Company agrees that it will not issue press releases or engage in any other
publicity, without the Representatives prior written consent (not to be unreasonably withheld), for a period of twenty-five
(25) days after the Closing Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall
the Company be prohibited from issuing any press releases or engaging in any other
publicity required by law, except that including the name of any Underwriter therein
shall require the prior written consent of such Underwriter.

3.24. Insurance. Until the earlier of the consummation of the Companys initial Business Combination or until such earlier time upon which the Company is
required to be liquidated, the Company will maintain directors and officers insurance (including, without limitation, insurance covering the Company, its directors
and officers for liabilities or losses arising in connection with the Offering, including,
without limitation, liabilities or losses arising under the Act, the Exchange Act,
the Regulations and any applicable foreign securities laws).

3.25. Electronic Prospectus. The Company shall cause to be prepared and delivered to the Underwriters, at the
Companys expense, promptly, but in no event later than two (2) Business Days from the effective
date of this Agreement, an Electronic Prospectus to be used by the Underwriters in
connection with the Offering. As used herein, the term Electronic Prospectus means a form of prospectus, and any amendment or supplement thereto, that meets
each of the following conditions: (i) it shall be encoded in an electronic format,
satisfactory to the Representative, that may be transmitted electronically by the
Underwriters to offerees and purchasers of the Units for at least the period during
which a prospectus relating to the Units is required to be delivered under the Act;
(ii) it shall disclose the same information as the paper prospectus and prospectus
filed pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent that graphic and image material cannot
be disseminated electronically, in which case such graphic and image material shall
be replaced in the electronic prospectus with a fair and accurate narrative description
or tabular representation of such material, as appropriate; and (iii) it shall be
in or convertible into a paper format or an electronic format, satisfactory to the
Representative, that will allow recipients thereof to store and have continuously
ready access to the prospectus at any future time, without charge to such recipients
(other than any fee charged for subscription to the Internet as a whole and for on-line
time).

3.26. Private Placement Proceeds. On or prior to the Effective Date, the Sponsor shall have deposited the funds required
to purchase the Placement Warrants under the Sponsor Purchase Agreement into the Sponsors bank account. On or prior to the Closing Date and on or prior to the Option Closing Date (if any), the Company shall have caused the applicable proceeds from the Private Placement
to be deposited in the Trust Account pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreements.

20

3.27. Future Financings. The Company agrees that neither it, nor any successor or subsidiary of the Company,
will consummate any public or private equity or debt financing prior to the Business
Combination Closing, unless all investors in such financing expressly waive, in writing,
any rights in or claims against the Trust Account.

3.28. Amendments to Certain Agreements. The Company shall not amend, modify or otherwise change the Insider Letter or the
Trust Agreement without the prior written consent of the Representative, which such
consent shall not be unreasonably delayed, conditioned or withheld by the Representative.
The Trust Agreement shall provide that the trustee is required to obtain a joint written
instruction signed by both the Company and the Representative with respect to the
transfer of the funds held in the Trust Account from the Trust Account, prior to commencing
any liquidation of the assets of the Trust Account in connection with the consummation
of any Business Combination, and such provision of the Trust Agreement shall not be
permitted to be amended without the prior written consent of the Representative.

3.29. Maintenance of Listing on Nasdaq. Until the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company will use its commercially
reasonable efforts to maintain the listing of the Public Securities on Nasdaq or a
national securities exchange acceptable to the Representative.

3.30. Reservation of Shares. The Company will reserve and keep available the maximum number of its authorized
but unissued securities which are issuable upon exercise of the Warrants outstanding
from time to time.

3.31. Notice of Disqualification Events. The Company will notify the Underwriters in writing, prior to the Closing Date,
of (i) any Disqualification Event relating to any Company Covered Person and (ii)
any event that would, with the passage of time, become a Disqualification Event relating
to any Company Covered Person.

3.32. Disqualification of S-1. Until the earlier of seven (7) years from the date hereof or until the Warrants
have either expired and are no longer exercisable or have all been exercised or redeemed,
the Company will not take any action or actions that prevent or disqualify the Companys use of Form S-1 (or other appropriate form) for the registration of the Ordinary
Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants under the Act.

3.33. Business Combination Securities Disclosure Documents. If any Underwriter may be deemed, in its sole judgment, to be an underwriter of any securities issued pursuant to any registration statement
or tender offer document filed with the Commission in connection with the consummation
of the Business Combination by the Company, a Target Business or any direct or indirect
parent or subsidiary of any of them (any such issuer or co-issuer, a Registrant, and any such securities, the Business Combination Securities), the Company shall provide or cause to be provided to such Underwriter all information
and access to all persons, properties and documents necessary for the Underwriters
to complete a due diligence investigation sufficient (in the view of the Underwriters
in their sole discretion) to provide the Underwriters with a reasonable due diligence
defense in respect of any claims that could be brought against an underwriter of the
applicable Business Combination Securities under federal and state securities laws,
rules and regulations, including, without limitation, Section 11 of the Act. As used herein, the term reasonable due diligence means a reasonable investigation
that provides the investigating person a reasonable ground to believe that at the time of the applicable offer, issuance or distribution of any Business Combination Securities, no registration statement, preliminary or final prospectus, proxy statement, tender offer document or offering memorandum, including, without limitation,
any document incorporated by reference into any of the foregoing, or any amendment
or supplement to any of the foregoing, or any other marketing document used by any
Registrant (as defined below), filed with or furnished by the Company to the Commission
in connection with the Business Combination but excluding any filing under Rule 425 of the Act or Rule 14a-12 of the Exchange Act (each, a Business Combination Securities Disclosure Document), in each case relating to such offer, issuance or distribution, contained an untrue
statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements made therein not misleading. The Company
agrees that it will provide to the Representative notice of each filing under Rule 425 of the Act or Rule 14a-12 of the Exchange and each other form of public communication about the Business
Combination reasonably in advance of such filing or public communication. The Company
further covenants that it will use its best efforts to ensure that any projections
provided to the Representative by any Registrant or prepared by any Registrant or
any Registrant Representative (as defined below) of any Registrant and contained in
any Business Combination Securities Disclosure Document will have been prepared in
good faith and will be based upon assumptions which, in light of the circumstances
under which they are made, are reasonable.

21

3.34. Obligations in Connection with Business Combination. If any Underwriter may be deemed, in its sole judgment, to be an underwriter of
any Business Combination Securities, if requested by the Representative, the following
shall apply:

3.34.1. Prior to entering into any definitive agreement with respect to the Business Combination
(or amendment thereto) and until such time as such Business Combination is consummated.

(a) The Company agrees to notify the Representative with respect to, and to permit the
Representative, at its request, to participate in, all diligence sessions with any
Registrant or any Registrant Representative and all drafting sessions in respect of
any Business Combination Securities Disclosure Document.

(b) The Company shall provide drafts of all Business Combination Securities Disclosure
Documents to the Representative and its legal counsel reasonably in advance of the
filing by the Company (or, if such filing is to be made by a Registrant other than the Company, any filing
which is required to be approved by the Company) of any Business Combination Securities
Disclosure Document with the Commission or the circulation by any Registrant of any
Business Combination Securities Disclosure Document to any prospective investor, sufficient
to allow the Representative and the Underwriters legal counsel to request changes determined by them to be reasonably necessary to
such Business Combination Securities Disclosure Document before its filing or circulation. The Company shall not permit the filing with or furnishing by the Company to the Commission
of any Business Combination Securities Disclosure Document, the issuance of any press
release or the publication of any other communication in any form if such communication
relates to the Business Combination, without the prior written consent of the Representative,
which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld, delayed or conditioned.

3.34.2. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary herein, the Company agrees (i) that
the Underwriters shall have the right, in connection with their reasonable due diligence
under Section 3.33, (i) to retain counsel and other consultants and experts as they may deem necessary
or desirable; (ii) to use its reasonable best efforts to ensure that each counsel to the Company and
to any other Registrant provides legal opinions and negative assurance letters to
the Underwriters as of (x) the date of effectiveness of the Business Combination Securities
Disclosure Document, (y) the date of the shareholder vote to approve the Business
Combination, and (z) the Business Combination Closing, each in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Representative, (iii) to use its reasonable best efforts to ensure that each accounting firm or
firms that were retained by the Company or by any other Registrant and that have audited
any financial statements set forth in any Business Combination Securities Disclosure
Document provide comfort letters to the Underwriters pursuant to AU 634 of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board as of (A) the effectiveness of any Business Combination
Securities Disclosure Document that was filed with the Commission and that was required
to be declared effective by the Commission, and (B) the consummation of the Business
Combination; and (iv) to take and shall use its reasonable best efforts to take any
other actions reasonably requested by the Representative. The Company agrees that
it shall be responsible for the payment of all costs associated therewith and shall
promptly reimburse the Representative for all documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses
reasonably incurred by the Underwriters in connection with the foregoing.

3.34.3. In connection with the Business Combination, to the extent the Company retains an
unaffiliated party (the Fairness Opinion Provider) to prepare a report and provide an opinion (the Fairness Opinion) concerning the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the Business Combination
to the Company and its unaffiliated shareholders, the Company shall, pursuant to,
and in accordance with, applicable law, disclose in reasonable detail in a Business
Combination Securities Disclosure Document the results of that report and, as necessary
or appropriate, a copy of that report. Each Registrant shall provide the Fairness
Opinion Provider with all information and access to persons and documents that the
Fairness Opinion Provider deems reasonably necessary and appropriate in connection
with the preparation of its Fairness Opinion.

22

3.34.4. Prior to the consummation of the Business Combination, the Company shall include in
the definitive agreement for the Business Combination (i) a covenant for the assignment
and assumption, by the public entity resulting from the initial Business Combination,
of all of the Companys obligations hereunder and (ii) that the Underwriters may rely on the representations
and warranties contained therein as if they were a party thereto. The Company shall
use its reasonable best efforts to ensure that each Target Business or other Registrant
agrees to (a) execute and deliver to the Underwriters a joinder agreement, in form
and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representative, pursuant to which it
shall join this Agreement as a signatory and a party and thus to be subject to all
of the terms and conditions of this Agreement and (b) deliver to the Representative
a certificate of an officer stating that to such officers knowledge the representations and warranties made by the Registrant in the definitive
agreement for the Business Combination are true and correct as of the date of such
certificate, subject to a customary materiality standard. In addition, in connection with the Business Combination, the Company will, and will
use its reasonable best efforts to cause each Registrant to, comply in all material
respects with the obligations and covenants of the Company set forth in this Agreement
and with all laws, rules and regulations applicable either to the Registrant and its
business activities or to the Business Combination, as such laws, rules and regulations
may be in effect at the time of the consummation of the Business Combination.

3.34.5. To the extent that the Representative determines, in its sole judgment, that the Underwriters
are required to make any filing with FINRA not provided for in Section 3.13 or otherwise to comply with FINRA rules in connection with the Business Combination,
the Company shall cooperate with the Representative and shall provide or cause to
be provided to the Underwriters all information that the Representative deems reasonably
necessary in order to make any such filings and in order to comply with FINRA rules.
The Company shall be responsible for the fees incurred with respect to any necessary
FINRA filing, to the extent such filings are made in connection with the Business
Combination.

3.34.6. Nothing herein shall be deemed to require the Underwriters to limit their rights to
compensation or to reimbursement of expenses without their express agreement or otherwise
to assume any liability other than as may be expressly required under the Act.

3.34.7. The Company acknowledges and agrees that nothing in this Section 3.34 shall be interpreted to obligate the Underwriters to take any action, or to refrain
from taking any action, in connection with the Business Combination and any such actions
will be undertaken by each Underwriter, in respect of itself, in its sole discretion.

4. Conditions of Underwriters Obligations. The obligations of the Underwriters to purchase and pay for the Units, as provided
herein, shall be subject to the continuing accuracy of the representations and warranties
of the Company as of the date hereof and as of each of the Closing Date and the Option
Closing Date, if any, to the accuracy of the statements of officers of the Company
made pursuant to the provisions hereof and to the performance by the Company of its
obligations hereunder and to the following conditions:

4.1. Regulatory Matters.

4.1.1. Effectiveness of Registration Statement. The Registration Statement shall have become effective not later than 4:00 p.m.,
New York time, on the date of this Agreement or such later date and time as shall
be consented to in writing by the Representative, and, at each of the Closing Date
and each Option Closing Date, no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration
Statement shall have been issued and no proceedings for the purpose shall have been
instituted or shall be pending or contemplated by the Commission and any request on
the part of the Commission for additional information shall have been complied with
to the reasonable satisfaction of EGS.

4.1.2. FINRA Clearance. By the Effective Date, the Underwriters shall have received clearance from FINRA
as to the amount of compensation allowable or payable to the Underwriters as described
in the Registration Statement.

4.1.3. No Blue Sky Stop Orders. No order suspending the sale of the Units in any jurisdiction designated by the
Underwriters pursuant to Section 3.5 hereof shall have been issued on each of the Closing Date or each Option Closing Date,
and no proceedings for that purpose shall have been instituted or, to the Companys knowledge, shall be contemplated.

4.1.4. No Commission Stop Order. At the Closing Date and each Option Closing Date, the Commission has not issued
any order or threatened to issue any order preventing or suspending the use of any
Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus or any part thereof, and has not instituted
or, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, threatened to institute any proceedings
with respect to such an order.

23

4.1.5. Approval of Listing on Nasdaq. The Public Securities shall have been approved for listing on the Nasdaq Global Market, subject
to official notice of issuance and evidence of satisfactory distribution, satisfactory
evidence of which shall have been provided to the Representative.

4.2. Company Counsel Matters.

4.2.1. Closing Date and Option Closing Date Opinions of Counsels. On the Closing Date and each Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall
have received the favorable opinions and negative assurance statements of each of
Winston & Strawn LLP and Appleby (Cayman) Ltd., dated the Closing Date or each Option
Closing Date, as the case may be, addressed to the Representative as representative
for the several Underwriters and in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative
and EGS. On the Closing Date and each Option Closing Date, the Representative shall
have received the favorable opinion and negative assurance statement of EGS, dated
the Closing Date, or each Option Closing Date, as the case may be, addressed to the
Representative as representative for the several Underwriters in form and substance
satisfactory to the Representative.

4.2.2. Reliance. In rendering such opinions, such counsels may rely as to matters of fact, to the
extent they deem proper, on certificates or other written statements of officers of
the Company and officers of departments of various jurisdictions having custody of
documents respecting the corporate existence or good standing of the Company, provided
that copies of any such statements or certificates shall be delivered to the Representatives counsel if requested.

4.3. Comfort Letter. At the time this Agreement is executed, and at the Closing Date and Option Closing
Date, if any, the Representative shall have received a letter, addressed to the Representative
as representative for the several Underwriters and in form and substance satisfactory
in all respects (including the non-material nature of the changes or decreases, if
any, referred to in Section 4.3.3 below) to the Representative, from Withum dated, respectively, as of the date of this
Agreement and as of the Closing Date and Option Closing Date, if any:

4.3.1. Confirming that they are an independent registered public accounting firm with
respect to the Company within the meaning of the Act and the applicable Regulations
and that they have not, during the periods covered by the financial statements included
in the Registration Statement, Preliminary Prospectus, Sale Preliminary Prospectus
and the Prospectus, provided to the Company any non-audit services, as such term is
used in Section 10A(g) of the Exchange Act;

4.3.2. Stating that in their opinion the financial statements of the Company included
in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus
comply as to form in all material respects with the applicable accounting requirements
of the Act and the published Regulations thereunder;

4.3.3. Stating that, on the basis of their review, which included a reading of the
latest available unaudited interim financial statements of the Company (with an indication
of the date of the latest available unaudited interim financial statements), a reading
of the latest available minutes of the shareholders and Board of Directors and the
various committees of the Board of Directors, consultations with officers and other
employees of the Company responsible for financial and accounting matters and other
specified procedures and inquiries, nothing has come to their attention that would
lead them to believe that (a) the unaudited financial statements of the Company included
in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus
do not comply as to form in all material respects with the applicable accounting requirements
of the Act and the Regulations or are not fairly presented in conformity with GAAP
applied on a basis substantially consistent with that of the audited financial statements
of the Company included in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus
and the Prospectus, or (b) at a date not later than five (5) days prior to the Effective
Date, Closing Date or Option Closing Date, as the case may be, there was any change
in the share capital or long-term debt of the Company, or any decrease in the shareholders equity of the Company as compared with amounts shown in the December 31, 2024 balance sheet included in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary
Prospectus and the Prospectus, other than as set forth in or contemplated by the Registration
Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus or, if there was any
decrease, setting forth the amount of such decrease, and (c) during the period from
December 31, 2024 to a specified date not later than five (5) days prior to the Effective Date,
Closing Date or any Option Closing Date, as the case may be, there was any decrease
in revenues, net earnings or net earnings per Ordinary Share, in each case as compared
with the corresponding period in the preceding year and as compared with the corresponding
period in the preceding quarter, other than as set forth in or contemplated by the
Registration Statement the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, or, if
there was any such decrease, setting forth the amount of such decrease;

24

4.3.4. Setting forth, at a date not later than five (5) days prior to the Effective
Date, the amount of liabilities of the Company (including a break-down of commercial
papers and notes payable to banks);

4.3.5. Stating that they have compared specific dollar amounts, numbers of shares,
percentages of revenues and earnings, statements and other financial information pertaining
to the Company set forth in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus
and the Prospectus in each case to the extent that such amounts, numbers, percentages,
statements and information may be derived from the general accounting records, including
work sheets, of the Company and excluding any questions requiring an interpretation
by legal counsel, with the results obtained from the application of specified readings,
inquiries and other appropriate procedures (which procedures do not constitute an
examination in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards) set forth in
the letter and found them to be in agreement;

4.3.6. Stating that they have not, since the Companys incorporation, brought to the attention of the Companys management any reportable condition related to internal structure, design or operation
as defined in the Statement on Auditing Standards No. 60 Communication of Internal
Control Structure Related Matters Noted in an Audit, in the Companys internal controls; and

4.3.7. Statements as to such other matters incident to the transaction contemplated
hereby as the Representative or EGS may reasonably request, including: (i) that Withum
is registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board; (ii) that Withum
has sufficient assets and insurance to pay for any liability incurred by it relating
to providing the letter; and (iii) that Withum is not insolvent.

4.4. Officers Certificates.

4.4.1. Officers Certificate. At each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative
shall have received a certificate of the Company signed by the Chairman of the Board
or the Chief Executive Officer and the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of the Company,
or any similar or equivalent officer of the Company (in their capacities as such),
dated the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, respectively,
to the effect that the Company has performed all covenants and complied with all conditions
required by this Agreement to be performed or complied with by the Company prior to
and as of the Closing Date, or the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, and that
the conditions set forth in Section 4 hereof have been satisfied as of such date and that, as of Closing Date and the Option
Closing Date, as the case may be, the representations and warranties of the Company
set forth in Section 2 hereof are true and correct. In addition, the Representative will have received such
other and further certificates of officers of the Company (in their capacities as
such) as the Representative may reasonably request.

4.4.2. Secretarys Certificate. At each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative
shall have received a certificate of the Company signed by the Secretary or Assistant
Secretary of the Company, or any similar or equivalent officer of the Company, dated
the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, respectively, certifying
(i) that the Charter Documents are true and complete, have not been modified and are
in full force and effect, (ii) that the resolutions of the Companys Board of Directors relating to the public offering contemplated by this Agreement
are in full force and effect and have not been modified, (iii) as to the accuracy
and completeness of all correspondence between the Company or its counsel and the
Commission, (iv) as to the accuracy and completeness of all correspondence between the Company or its
counsel and Nasdaq; and (v) as to the incumbency of the officers of the Company. The
documents referred to in such certificate shall be attached to such certificate.

4.5. No Material Changes. Prior to and on each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, (i) there shall have been no material adverse change or development involving a prospective
material adverse change in the condition or prospects or the business activities,
financial or otherwise, of the Company from the latest dates as of which such condition
is set forth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, (ii) no action suit
or proceeding, at law or in equity, shall have been pending or threatened against
the Company or any Insider before or by any court or federal, foreign or state commission,
board or other administrative agency wherein an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding
may materially adversely affect the business, operations, or financial condition or
income of the Company, except as set forth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus,
(iii) no stop order shall have been issued under the Act and no proceedings therefor
shall have been initiated or, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, threatened by the Commission, and (iv) the
Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus and any
amendments or supplements thereto shall contain all material statements which are
required to be stated therein in accordance with the Act and the Regulations and shall
conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Act and the Regulations,
and neither the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus nor the Prospectus
nor any amendment or supplement thereto shall contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they
were made, not misleading.

25

4.6. Delivery of Agreements. On the Effective Date, the Company shall have delivered to the Representative executed
copies of the Transaction Documents and all of the Insider Letters.

4.7. Private Placements.
On the Closing Date, the Private Placement shall have been completed in accordance with Sections 1.4, 2.21.2, 2.21.3 and 3.26
of this Agreement.

4.8. Good Standing. The Representative shall have received on and as of (i) the Effective Date, and
(ii) the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, satisfactory
evidence of the good standing of the Company in its jurisdiction of organization and
its good standing in such other jurisdictions as the Representative may reasonably
request, in each case in writing or any standard form of telecommunication from the
appropriate governmental authorities of such jurisdictions.

4.9. Trust Waiver. On the Effective Date, the Company shall have delivered to the Representative evidence
of waivers from all vendors and service providers to all claims on amounts in the
Trust Account which are to be distributed to the Companys shareholders in accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement, except for the
Representative with respect to the Deferred Underwriting Commission.

5. Indemnification and Contribution.

5.1.
Indemnification.

5.1.1. Indemnification of the Underwriters. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter, its affiliates
and their respective partners, members, directors, officers, employees and agents,
and each person, if any, who controls each Underwriter or any affiliate within the
meaning of Section 15 of the Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act (each, an Indemnified Person) as follows:

a. against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as reasonably
incurred, joint or several, arising out of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged
untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement (or any
amendment thereto), or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading,
or arising out of any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact
included in any preliminary prospectus, Sale Preliminary Prospectus, any Testing-the-Waters
Communication or the Prospectus or, in the event that any Underwriters may be deemed,
in its sole judgment, to be an underwriter of any Business Combination Securities,
any Business Combination Securities Disclosure Document (or any amendment or supplement
to the foregoing), or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact
necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading;

b. against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as reasonably
incurred, joint or several, to the extent of the aggregate amount paid in settlement
of any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental authority,
commenced or threatened, or of any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue statement
or omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or omission; provided that (subject
to Section 5.1.4) any such settlement is effected with the written consent of the Company, which consent
shall not unreasonably be delayed, conditioned or withheld;

c. against any and all claims, actions, suits, proceedings, damages, liabilities and
expenses, as reasonably incurred by any of them (including the fees and expenses of
counsel), as incurred, that are related to or arise out of any business combination
marketing or capital markets advisory activities by any Underwriter on the Companys behalf in connection with a Business Combination, provided that the Company will
not, however, be responsible to an Indemnified Person for any portion of any such
claim, action, suit, proceeding, damage, liability or expense that is finally judicially
determined by a court of competent jurisdiction (not subject to further appeal) to
have resulted primarily and directly from the bad faith, gross negligence or willful
misconduct of the Indemnified Person seeking such indemnification;

d. against any and all expense whatsoever (including the fees and disbursements of
counsel), as reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against
any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental authority,
commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue statement
or omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or omission (whether or not a party),
to the extent that any such expense is not paid under (a), (b) or (c) above; and

26

e. against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as reasonably
incurred, joint or several, arising out of the Companys failure to provide any of the information and access to persons, properties and
documents required to be provided under Section 3.33 hereof;

provided, however, that the foregoing agreement shall not apply to any loss, liability,
claim, damage or expense to the extent arising out of any untrue statement or omission
or alleged untrue statement or omission made solely in reliance upon and in conformity
with the Underwriters Information.

5.1.2. Indemnification of the Company, its Directors and Officers. Each Underwriter agrees, severally and not jointly, to indemnify and hold harmless
the Company, and its directors, each officer of the Company who signed the Registration
Statement and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of
Section 15 of the Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense
described in the indemnity contained in Section 5.1.1, as incurred, but only with respect to untrue statements or omissions, or alleged
untrue statements or omissions, made in the Registration Statement, any preliminary
prospectus, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus, any Testing-the-Waters Communication
or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement to the foregoing), in reliance upon
and in conformity with the Underwriters Information.

5.1.3. Notifications and Other Indemnification Procedures. Any party that proposes to assert the right to be indemnified under this Section 5.1 will, promptly after receipt of notice of commencement of any action against such
party in respect of which a claim is to be made against an indemnifying party or parties
under this Section 5.1, notify each such indemnifying party of the commencement of such action, enclosing
a copy of all papers served, but the omission so to notify such indemnifying party
will not relieve the indemnifying party from (i) any liability that it might have
to any indemnified party otherwise than under this Section 5.1 and (ii) any liability that it may have to any indemnified party under the foregoing
provision of this Section 5.1 unless, and only to the extent that, such omission results in the forfeiture of substantive
rights or defenses by the indemnifying party. If any such action is brought against
any indemnified party and it notifies the indemnifying party of its commencement,
the indemnifying party will be entitled to participate in and, to the extent that
it elects by delivering written notice to the indemnified party promptly after receiving
notice of the commencement of the action from the indemnified party, jointly with
any other indemnifying party similarly notified, to assume the defense of, the action,
with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party, and after notice from
the indemnifying party to the indemnified party of its election to assume the defense,
the indemnifying party will not be liable to the indemnified party for any other legal
expenses except as provided below and except for the reasonable costs of investigation
subsequently incurred by the indemnified party in connection with the defense. The
indemnified party will have the right to employ its own counsel in any such action,
but the fees, expenses and other charges of such counsel will be at the expense of
such indemnified party unless (A) the employment of counsel by the indemnified party
has been authorized in writing by the indemnifying party, (B) the indemnified party
has reasonably concluded (based on advice of counsel) that there may be legal defenses
available to it or other indemnified parties that are different from or in addition
to those available to the indemnifying party, (C) a conflict or potential conflict
exists (based on advice of counsel to the indemnified party) between the indemnified
party and the indemnifying party (in which case the indemnifying party will not have
the right to direct the defense of such action on behalf of the indemnified party)
or (D) the indemnifying party has not in fact employed counsel to assume the defense
of such action or counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party, in each
case, within a reasonable time after receiving notice of the commencement of the action;
in each of which cases the reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges of counsel
will be at the expense of the indemnifying party or parties. It is understood that
the indemnifying party or parties shall not, in connection with any proceeding or
related proceedings in the same jurisdiction, be liable for the reasonable fees, disbursements
and other charges of more than one separate firm admitted to practice in such jurisdiction
(plus local counsel) at any one time for all such indemnified party or parties. All
such fees, disbursements and other charges will be reimbursed by the indemnifying
party promptly as they are incurred. An indemnifying party will not, in any event,
be liable for any settlement of any action or claim effected without its written consent.
No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of each indemnified
party, settle or compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment in any pending
or threatened claim, action or proceeding relating to the matters contemplated by
this Section 5 (whether or not any indemnified party is a party thereto), unless such settlement,
compromise or consent (x) includes an express and unconditional release of each indemnified
party, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to such indemnified party, from
all liability arising out of such litigation, investigation, proceeding or claim and
(y) does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a
failure to act by or on behalf of any indemnified party.

27

5.1.4. Settlement Without Consent if Failure to Reimburse. If an indemnified party shall have requested an indemnifying party to reimburse
the indemnified party for reasonable fees and expenses of counsel, such indemnifying
party agrees that it shall be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected without its written consent if (i) such settlement is entered into more than
forty-five (45) days after receipt by such indemnifying party of the aforesaid request,
(ii) such indemnifying party shall have received notice of the terms of such settlement
at least thirty (30) days prior to such settlement being entered into and (iii) such
indemnifying party shall not have reimbursed such indemnified party in accordance
with such request prior to the date of such settlement.

5.2. Contribution. In order to provide for just and equitable contribution in circumstances in which
the indemnification provided for in the foregoing paragraphs of Section 5.1 is applicable in accordance with its terms but for any reason is held to be unavailable
or insufficient from the Company or the Underwriters, the Company and the Underwriters
will contribute to the total losses, claims, liabilities, expenses and damages (including
any investigative, legal and other expenses reasonably incurred in connection with,
and any amount paid in settlement of, any action, suit or proceeding or any claim
asserted) to which any indemnified party may be subject in such proportion as shall
be appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company on the one
hand and the Underwriters on the other hand. The relative benefits received by the
Company on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other hand shall be deemed to
be in the same proportion as the total net proceeds from the sale of the Public Securities
(before deducting expenses) received by the Company bear to the total compensation
received by the Underwriters (before deducting expenses) from the sale of Units on
behalf of the Company. If, but only if, the allocation provided by the foregoing sentence
is not permitted by applicable law, the allocation of contribution shall be made in
such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred
to in the foregoing sentence but also the relative fault of the Company, on the one
hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, with respect to the statements or omission
that resulted in such loss, claim, liability, expense or damage, or action in respect
thereof, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations with respect to such
offering. Such relative fault shall be determined by reference to, among other things,
whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged
omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company or
the Underwriters, the intent of the parties and their relative knowledge, access to
information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission. The
Company and the Underwriters agree that it would not be just and equitable if contributions
pursuant to this Section 5.2 were to be determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation
that does not take into account the equitable considerations referred to herein. The
amount paid or payable by an indemnified party as a result of the loss, claim, liability,
expense or damage, or action in respect thereof, referred to above in this Section 5.2 shall be deemed to include, for the purpose of this Section 5.2, any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in connection
with investigating or defending any such action or claim to the extent consistent
with Section 5.1.3. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of Section 5.1 and this Section 5.2, each Underwriter shall not be required to contribute any amount in excess of the
commissions actually received by it under this Agreement and no person found guilty
of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Act) will be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty
of such fraudulent misrepresentation. For purposes of this Section 5.2, any person who controls a party to this Agreement within the meaning of the Act,
any affiliates of the respective Underwriters and any officers, directors, partners,
employees or agents of the Underwriters or their respective affiliates, will have
the same rights to contribution as that party, and each director of the Company and
each officer of the Company who signed the Registration Statement will have the same
rights to contribution as the Company, subject in each case to the provisions hereof.
Any party entitled to contribution, promptly after receipt of notice of commencement
of any action against such party in respect of which a claim for contribution may
be made under this Section 5.2, will notify any such party or parties from whom contribution may be sought, but
the omission to so notify will not relieve that party or parties from whom contribution
may be sought from any other obligation it or they may have under this Section 5.2 except to the extent that the failure to so notify such other party materially prejudiced
the substantive rights or defenses of the party from whom contribution is sought.
Except for a settlement entered into pursuant to the last sentence of Section 5.1.3, no party will be liable for contribution with respect to any action or claim settled
without its written consent if such consent is required pursuant to Section 5.1.3.

28

6. Default by an Underwriter.

6.1. Default Not Exceeding 10% of Firm Units. If any Underwriter or Underwriters shall default in its or their obligations to
purchase the Firm Units and if the number of the Firm Units with respect to which
such default relates does not exceed in the aggregate 10% of the number of Firm Units
that all Underwriters have agreed to purchase hereunder, then such Firm Units to which
the default relates shall be purchased by the non-defaulting Underwriters in proportion
to their respective commitments hereunder.

6.2. Default Exceeding
10% of Firm Units. In the event that the default addressed in Section 6.1 above relates to more than 10% of the
Firm Units, the Representative may, in its discretion, arrange for it or for another party or parties satisfactory to the Company
to purchase such Firm Units to which such default relates on the terms contained herein. If within one (1) Business Day after such
default relating to more than 10% of the Firm Units the Representative does not arrange for the purchase of such Firm Units, then
the Company shall be entitled to a further period of one (1) Business Day within which to procure another party or parties satisfactory
to the Representative to purchase said Firm Units on such terms. In the event that neither the Representative nor the Company arrange
for the purchase of the Firm Units to which a default relates as provided in this Section 6, this Agreement may be
terminated by the Representative or the Company without liability on the part of the Company (except as provided in Sections 3.10,
5, and 9.3 hereof) or the several Underwriters (except as provided in Section 5 hereof; provided that
nothing herein shall relieve a defaulting Underwriter of its liability, if any, to the other several Underwriters and to the Company
for damages occasioned by its default hereunder.

6.3. Postponement
of Closing Date. In the event that the Firm Units to which the default relates are to be purchased by the non-defaulting Underwriters,
or are to be purchased by another party or parties as aforesaid, the Representative or the Company shall have the right to postpone
the Closing Date for a reasonable period, but not in any event exceeding five (5) Business Days, in order to effect whatever changes
may thereby be made necessary in the Registration Statement and/or the Prospectus, as the case may be, or in any other documents
and arrangements, and the Company agrees to file promptly any amendment to, or to supplement, the Registration Statement and/or
the Prospectus, as the case may be, that in the reasonable opinion of counsel for the Underwriters may thereby be made necessary.
The term Underwriter as used in this Agreement shall include any party substituted under this Section 6
with like effect as if it had originally been a party to this Agreement with respect to such securities.

7. Additional Covenants.

7.1. Additional Shares or Options. The Company hereby agrees that, until the consummation of a Business Combination,
it shall not issue any Ordinary Shares or any options or other securities convertible
into Ordinary Shares, or any preferred shares or other securities of the Company that
participate in any manner in the Trust Account or that vote as a class with the Ordinary
Shares on a Business Combination.

29

7.2.
Trust Account Waiver Acknowledgments. The Company hereby agrees that it will use its reasonable best efforts prior to commencing
its due diligence investigation of any prospective Target Business or obtaining the services of any vendor to have such Target
Business and/or vendor acknowledge in writing whether through a letter of intent, memorandum of understanding or other similar
document (and subsequently acknowledges the same in any definitive document replacing any of the foregoing), that (a) it has read
the Prospectus and understands that the Company has established the Trust Account, initially in an amount of $241,200,000 (without
giving effect to any exercise of the Over-allotment Option) for the benefit of the Public Shareholders and that, except for a portion
of the interest earned on the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Company may disburse monies from the Trust Account only (i)
to the Public Shareholders in the event they elect to redeem Public Shares in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination,
(ii) to the Public Shareholders if the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination within the time period set forth in the
Charter Documents, or (iii) to the Company after or concurrently with the consummation of a Business Combination and (b) for and
in consideration of the Company (i) agreeing to evaluate such Target Business for purposes of consummating a Business Combination
with it or (ii) agreeing to engage the services of the vendor, as the case may be, such Target Business or vendor agrees that it
does not have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the Trust Account (Claim)
and waives any Claim it may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with
the Company and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever. The foregoing letters shall substantially
be in the form attached hereto as Exhibits A and B, respectively. The Company may forego obtaining such waivers only if
the Company shall have received the approval of its Chief Executive Officer and the approving vote of at least a majority of its
Board of Directors.

7.3. Insider Letter. The Company shall not take any action or omit to take any action which would cause
a breach of the Insider Letter and will not allow any amendments to, or waivers of,
such Insider Letter without the prior written consent of the Representative, which
consent shall not be unreasonably delayed, conditioned or withheld by the Representative.

7.4. Rule 419. The Company agrees that it will use its commercially reasonable best efforts to
prevent the Company from becoming subject to Rule 419 under the Act prior to the consummation of any Business Combination, including
but not limited to using its commercially reasonable efforts to prevent any of the
Companys outstanding securities from being deemed to be a penny stock as defined in Rule 3a-51-1 under the Exchange Act during such period.

7.5. Tender Offer Documents, Proxy Materials and Other Information. The Company shall provide to the Representative or its counsel (if so instructed
by the Representative) with ten (10) copies of all tender offer documents or proxy
information and all related material filed with the Commission in connection with
a Business Combination concurrently with such filing with the Commission. Documents
filed with the Commission pursuant to its EDGAR system shall be deemed to have been
provided to the Representative pursuant to this Section. In addition, the Company
shall furnish any other state in which its initial public offering was registered,
such information as may be requested by such state.

7.6. Emerging Growth Company. The Company shall promptly notify the Representative if the Company ceases to be
an Emerging Growth Company at any time prior to the completion of the distribution
of the Securities within the meaning of the Act.

7.7. Target Net Assets. The Company agrees that the Target Business that it acquires must have a fair market
value equal to at least 80% of the balance in the Trust Account at the time of signing
the definitive agreement for the Business Combination with such Target Business (excluding
taxes payable and the Deferred Underwriting Commissions). The fair market value of
such business must be determined by the Board of Directors of the Company based upon
standards generally accepted by the financial community, such as actual and potential
sales, earnings, cash flow and book value. If the Board of Directors of the Company
is not able to independently determine that the target business meets such fair market
value requirement, the Company will obtain an opinion from an independent investment
banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions
as to the fair market value of the Target Business. The Company is not required to
obtain an opinion as to the fair market value if the Companys Board of Directors independently determines that the Target Business does have sufficient
fair market value, provided that the Target Business is not affiliated with an Insider.

7.8. Representations and Agreements to Survive Delivery. Except as the context otherwise requires, all representations, warranties and agreements
contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to be representations, warranties and
agreements as of the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, if any, and such representations,
warranties and agreements of the Underwriters and the Company, including the indemnity
agreements contained in Section 5 hereof, shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of any investigation
made by or on behalf of the Underwriters, the Company or any controlling person, and
shall survive termination of this Agreement or the issuance and delivery of the Public
Securities to the Underwriters until the earlier of the expiration of any applicable
statute of limitations and the seventh (7th) anniversary of the later of the Closing
Date or the Option Closing Date, if any, at which time the representations, warranties
and agreements shall terminate and be of no further force and effect.

30

7.9. Charter Documents. The Company shall not take any action or omit to take any action that would cause
the Company to be in breach or violation of any of its Charter Documents.

8. Effective Date of This Agreement and Termination Thereof.

8.1. Effective Date. This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date at the time the Registration
Statement is declared effective by the Commission.

8.2. Termination. The Representative shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time
prior to the Closing Date by notice given to the Company, (i) if any domestic or international
event or act or occurrence has materially disrupted, or in the Representatives opinion will in the immediate future materially disrupt, general securities markets
in the United States; or (ii) if trading on the NYSE, the NYSE American, The Nasdaq
Global Select Market, The Nasdaq Global Market, or The Nasdaq Capital Market or quoted
on the OTCBB shall have been suspended, or minimum or maximum prices for trading shall
have been fixed, or maximum ranges for prices for securities shall have been fixed,
or maximum ranges for prices for securities shall have been required by FINRA or by
order of the Commission or any other government authority having jurisdiction, or
(iii) if the United States shall have become involved in a new war or an increase
in existing major hostilities, or (iv) if a banking moratorium has been declared by
a New York State or Federal authority, or (v) if a moratorium on foreign exchange
trading has been declared which materially adversely impacts the United States securities
market, or (vi) if the Company shall have sustained a material loss by fire, flood,
accident, hurricane, earthquake, theft, sabotage or other calamity (including, without
limitation, a calamity relating to a public health matter or natural disaster) or
malicious act which, whether or not such loss shall have been insured, will, in the
Representatives sole opinion, make it inadvisable to proceed with the delivery of the Units, or
(vii) if the Company is in material breach of any of its representations, warranties
or covenants hereunder, or (viii) if the Representative shall have become aware after
the date hereof of such a material adverse change in the conditions of the Company,
or such adverse material change in general market conditions, including without limitation,
as a result of terrorist activities or any other calamity (including, without limitation,
a calamity relating to a public health matter or natural disaster) or crisis either
within or outside the United States after the date hereof, or an increase in any of
the foregoing, as in the Representatives sole judgment would make it impracticable to proceed with the offering, sale and/or
delivery of the Units or to enforce contracts made by the Underwriters for the sale
of the Public Securities.

8.3. Expenses. In the event that this Agreement shall not be carried out for any reason other than
solely because of the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 6 hereof, within the time specified herein or any extensions thereof pursuant to the
terms herein, (i) the obligations of the Company to pay the out of pocket expenses
related to the transactions contemplated herein shall be governed by Section 3.10 hereof and (ii) the Company shall reimburse the Representative for any costs and expenses
incurred in connection with enforcing any provisions of this Agreement.

8.4. Indemnification. Notwithstanding any contrary provision contained in this Agreement, any election
hereunder or any termination of this Agreement, and whether or not this Agreement
is otherwise carried out, the provisions of Section 5 shall not be in any way affected by such election or termination or failure to carry
out the terms of this Agreement or any part hereof.

9. Miscellaneous.

9.1. Notices. All communications hereunder, except as herein otherwise specifically provided,
shall be in writing and shall be mailed, delivered by hand or reputable overnight
courier or delivered by facsimile or electronic transmission (with printed confirmation
of receipt) and confirmed and shall be deemed given when so mailed, delivered or faxed
or if mailed, two days after such mailing.

31

If to the Representative:

Cantor Fitzgerald & Co.

499
Park Avenue

New York, New York 10022

Attn: General Counsel

Facsimile: (212) 829-4708

Email: #Legal-IBD@cantor.com

Copy (which copy shall not constitute notice) to:

Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP

1345 Avenue of the Americas

New York, New York 10105

Attn: Stuart Neuhauser, Esq.

Facsimile: (212) 370-7889

Email: sneuhauser@egsllp.com

If to the Company:

Titan Acquisition Corp

131 Concord
Street

Brooklyn, NY 11201

Email: adeel.rouf@gmail.com

Copy (which copy shall not constitute notice) to:

Winston & Strawn LLP

800 Capitol St. STE 2400

Houston, TX 77002

Telephone: (713) 651-2600

Attn:
Michael J. Blankenship, Esq.

Email: mblankenship@winston.com

9.2. Headings. The headings contained herein are for the sole purpose of convenience of reference,
and shall not in any way limit or affect the meaning or interpretation of any of the
terms or provisions of this Agreement.

9.3. Amendment. This Agreement may only be amended by a written instrument executed by each of the
parties hereto.

9.4. Entire Agreement. This Agreement (together with the other agreements and documents being delivered
pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement) constitute the entire agreement
of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, and supersede
all prior agreements and understandings of the parties, oral and written, with respect
to the subject matter hereof.

9.5. Binding Effect.
This Agreement shall inure solely to the benefit of and shall be binding upon the Representative, the Underwriters, the Company
and the controlling persons, directors, agents, partners, members, employees and officers referred to in Section 5
hereof, and their respective successors, legal representatives and assigns, and no other person shall have or be construed to have
any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect of or by virtue of this Agreement or any provisions herein contained,
except as provided in Section 3.22. The term successors and assigns shall not include a purchaser,
in its capacity as such, of securities from the Underwriters.

9.6. Waiver of Immunity. To the extent that the Company may be entitled in any jurisdiction in which judicial
proceedings may at any time be commenced hereunder, to claim for itself or its revenues
or assets any immunity, including sovereign immunity, from suit, jurisdiction, attachment
in aid of execution of a judgment or prior to a judgment, execution of a judgment
or any other legal process with respect to its obligations hereunder and to the extent
that in any such jurisdiction there may be attributed to the Company such an immunity
(whether or not claimed), the Company hereby irrevocably agrees not to claim and irrevocably
waives such immunity to the maximum extent permitted by law.

32

9.7. Submission to Jurisdiction. Each of the Company and the Representative irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction
of any New York State or United States Federal court sitting in The City of New York,
Borough of Manhattan, over any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating
to this Agreement, the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and
the Prospectus or the offering of the Securities. Each of the Company and the Representative
irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection that they
may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any such suit, action or proceeding
brought in such a court and any claim that any such suit, action or proceeding brought
in such a court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. Any such process or summons
to be served upon the Company or the Representative may be served by transmitting
a copy thereof by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage
prepaid, addressed to it at the address set forth in Section 9.1 hereof. Such mailing shall be deemed personal service and shall be legal and binding
upon the Company or the Representative in any action, proceeding or claim. Each of
the Company and the Representative waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law,
any other requirements of or objections to personal jurisdiction with respect thereto.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, any action based on this Agreement may be instituted
by the Underwriters in any competent court. The Company agrees that the Underwriters
shall be entitled to recover all of their reasonable attorneys fees and expenses relating to any action or proceeding and/or incurred in connection
with the preparation therefor if any of them are the prevailing party in such action
or proceeding. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED
BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING
OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

9.8. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with
the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflicts of law principles
that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction.

9.9. Execution in Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, and by the different
parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original,
but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement, and shall
become effective when one or more counterparts has been signed by each of the parties
hereto and delivered to each of the other parties hereto. Delivery of a signed counterpart
of this Agreement by facsimile or email/pdf transmission shall constitute valid and
sufficient delivery thereof.

9.10. Waiver. The failure of any of the parties hereto to at any time enforce any of the provisions
of this Agreement shall not be deemed or construed to be a waiver of any such provision,
nor to in any way affect the validity of this Agreement or any provision hereof or
the right of any of the parties hereto to thereafter enforce each and every provision
of this Agreement. No waiver of any breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment of any
of the provisions of this Agreement shall be effective unless set forth in a written
instrument executed by the party or parties against whom or which enforcement of such
waiver is sought; and no waiver of any such breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment
shall be construed or deemed to be a waiver of any other or subsequent breach, non-compliance
or non-fulfillment.

9.11. No Fiduciary Relationship. The Company acknowledges and agrees that (i) the purchase and sale of the Units
pursuant to this Agreement is an arms-length commercial transaction pursuant to a contractual relationship between the
Company and the Underwriters, (ii) in connection therewith and with the process leading
to such transaction, each Underwriter is acting solely as a principal and not the
agent or fiduciary of the Company, (iii) the Underwriters have not assumed an advisory
or fiduciary responsibility in favor of the Company with respect to the offering contemplated
hereby or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether the Underwriters have
advised or are currently advising the Company on other matters) or any other obligation
to the Company except the obligations expressly set forth in this Agreement, (iv)
in no event do the parties intend that the Underwriters act or be responsible as a
fiduciary to the Company, its management, shareholders, creditors or any other person
in connection with any activity that the Underwriters may undertake or have undertaken
in furtherance of the Offering of the Companys securities, either before or after the date hereof and (v) the Company has consulted
its own legal and financial advisors to the extent it deemed appropriate. The Underwriters
hereby expressly disclaim any fiduciary or similar obligations to the Company, either
in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any matters
leading up to such transactions, and the Company hereby confirms its understanding
and agreement to that effect. The Company agrees that it will not claim that the Underwriters
have rendered advisory services of any nature or respect, or owe a fiduciary or similar
duty to the Company, in connection with such transaction or the process leading thereto.
The Company and the Underwriters agree that they are each responsible for making their
own independent judgment with respect to any such transactions, and that any opinions
or views expressed by the Underwriters to the Company regarding such transactions,
including but not limited to any opinions or views with respect to the price or market
for the Companys securities, do not constitute advice or recommendations to the Company. The Company
hereby waives and releases, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims that
the Company may have against the Underwriters with respect to any breach or alleged
breach of any fiduciary or similar duty to the Company in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement or any matters leading up to such transactions.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]

33

If the foregoing correctly sets forth the understanding between the Representative
and the Company, please so indicate in the space provided below for that purpose,
whereupon this letter shall constitute a binding agreement between us.

TITAN ACQUISITION
CORP. 

By: /s/
Adeel Rouf 

Name: Adeel Rouf 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

Accepted on the date first

above written. 

CANTOR FITZGERALD
& CO., as

Representative of the several underwriters 

By: /s/
Sage Kelly 

Name: Sage Kelly 

Title: Global Head of Investment Banking 

[Signature Page to Underwriting Agreement]

34

SCHEDULE A

TITAN ACQUISITION CORP

24,000,000 Units

Underwriters 

Number of

Firm Units to be

Purchased 

Cantor
Fitzgerald & Co. 16,800,000 

Odeon Capital Group LLC 7,200,000 

Total 24,000,000 

Sch. A-1

SCHEDULE B

None.

Sch. B-1

EXHIBIT A

FORM OF TARGET BUSINESS LETTER

TITAN ACQUISITION CORP

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Reference is made to the Final Prospectus of Titan Acquisition Corp (the Company), dated as of April 8, 2025 (the Prospectus). Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings
assigned to them in the Prospectus.

We have read the Prospectus and understand that the Company has established the Trust
Account, initially in an amount of at least $240,000,000 for the benefit of the Public Shareholders and the Underwriters of the Companys initial public offering (the Underwriters) and that, except for a portion of the interest earned on the amounts held in the
Trust Account, the Company may disburse monies from the Trust Account only: (i) to
the Public Shareholders in the event they elect to redeem their public shares in connection
with the consummation of a Business Combination, (ii) to the Public Shareholders if
the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination within the required time period
set forth in its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association as the
same may be amended from time to time, or (iii) to the Company after or concurrently
with the consummation of a Business Combination.

For and in consideration of the Company agreeing to evaluate the undersigned for purposes
of consummating a Business Combination with it, the undersigned hereby agrees that
it does not have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies
in the Trust Account (each, a Claim) and hereby waives any Claim it may have in the future as a result of, or arising
out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with the Company and will not seek
recourse against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever.

Print Name of Target Business 

Authorized Signature of Target Business 

A-1

EXHIBIT B

FORM OF VENDOR LETTER

TITAN ACQUISITION CORP

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Reference is made to the Final Prospectus of Titan Acquisition Corp (the Company), dated as of April 8, 2025 (the Prospectus). Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings
assigned to them in the Prospectus.

We have read the Prospectus and understand that the Company has established the Trust
Account, initially in an amount of at least $240,000,000 for the benefit of the Public Shareholders and the Underwriters of the Companys initial public offering (the Underwriters) and that, except for a portion of the interest earned on the amounts held in the
Trust Account, the Company may disburse monies from the Trust Account only: (i) to
the Public Shareholders in the event they elect to redeem their public shares in connection
with the consummation of a Business Combination, (ii) to the Public Shareholders if
the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination within the required time period
set forth in its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association as the
same may be amended from time to time, or (iii) to the Company after or concurrently
with the consummation of a Business Combination.

For and in consideration of the Company agreeing to engage the services of the undersigned,
the undersigned hereby agrees that it does not have any right, title, interest or
claim of any kind in or to any monies in the Trust Account (each, a Claim) and hereby waives any Claim it may have in the future as a result of, or arising
out of, any services provided to the Company and will not seek recourse against the
Trust Account for any reason whatsoever.

Print Name of Vendor 

Authorized Signature of Vendor 

B-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>titanacq_ex4-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

Execution Version

WARRANT AGREEMENT

THIS WARRANT AGREEMENT
(this Agreement), dated as of April 8, 2025, is by and between Titan Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands
exempted company (the Company), and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, a New York limited
purpose trust company, as warrant agent (in such capacity, the Warrant Agent, and also referred to
herein as the Transfer Agent).

WHEREAS, the Company is
engaged in an initial public offering (the Offering) of units of the Companys equity securities,
each such unit comprised of one Class A ordinary share of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (Class A Shares)
and one-half of one Public Warrant (as defined below) (the Units) and, in connection therewith, has
determined to issue and deliver up to 12,000,000 warrants (or up to 13,800,000 warrants if the Over-allotment Option (as defined below)
is exercised in full) to public investors in the Offering (the Public Warrants);

WHEREAS, the Company
entered into that certain Sponsor Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement with Titan Acquisition Sponsor Holdco LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company (the Sponsor), pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed to purchase an aggregate
of 5,600,000 private placement warrants (or up to 5,780,000 private placement warrants if the underwriters over-allotment option
is exercised in full) simultaneously with the closing of the Offering (the Sponsor Private Placement Warrants),
each bearing the legend set forth in Exhibit A hereto at a purchase price of $1.00 per Sponsor Private Placement Warrant;

WHEREAS, the Company
entered into that certain Underwriter Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement with Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Inc. and Odeon Capital
Group LLC (collectively, with Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., the Underwriters), pursuant to which the
Underwriters agreed to purchase an aggregate of 2,400,000 private placement warrants simultaneously with the closing of the Offering (the
Underwriter Private Placement Warrants and, together with the Sponsor Private Placement Warrants, the
Private Placement Warrants and, together with the Public Warrants, the Warrants),
each bearing the legend set forth in Exhibit A hereto at a purchase price of $1.00 per Underwriter Private Placement Warrant;

WHEREAS, the Company was incorporated for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (a Business Combination);

WHEREAS, in order to finance the Companys transaction costs in connection with an intended initial Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or the Companys officers and directors (collectively, the Initial Purchasers) may, but are not obligated to, loan to the Company funds as the Company may require, of which up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into up to an additional 1,500,000 warrants at a price of $1.00 per warrant, which will be identical to the Private Placement Warrants (the Working Capital Warrants);

WHEREAS, each Warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A Share at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described herein;

WHEREAS, the Company has filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) a registration statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-285659 (the RegistrationStatement), as amended by a prospectus (the Prospectus), for the registration, under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), of the Units, the Public Warrants and the Class A Shares included in the Units;

WHEREAS, the Company desires the Warrant Agent to act on behalf of the Company, and the Warrant Agent is willing to so act, in connection with the issuance, registration, transfer, exchange, redemption and exercise of the Warrants;

WHEREAS, the Company desires to provide for the form and provisions of the Warrants, the terms upon which they shall be issued and exercised, and the respective rights, limitation of rights, and immunities of the Company, the Warrant Agent, and the holders of the Warrants; and

WHEREAS, all acts and things have been done and performed which are necessary to make the Warrants, when executed on behalf of the Company and countersigned by or on behalf of the Warrant Agent, as provided herein, the valid, binding and legal obligations of the Company, and to authorize the execution and delivery of this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual agreements herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. Appointment of Warrant Agent. The Company hereby appoints the Warrant Agent to act as agent for the Company for the Warrants, and the Warrant Agent hereby accepts such appointment and agrees to perform the same in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

2. Warrants.

2.1 Form of Warrant. Each Warrant shall be issued in registered form only, and, if a physical certificate is issued, shall be in substantially the form of Exhibit B hereto, the provisions of which are incorporated herein and shall be signed by, or bear the facsimile signature of, the Chairperson of the Companys board of directors (the Board), President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary or other principal officer of the Company. In the event the person whose facsimile signature has been placed upon any Warrant shall have ceased to serve in the capacity in which such person signed the Warrant before such Warrant is issued, it may be issued with the same effect as if he or she had not ceased to be such at the date of issuance. All of the Public Warrants shall initially be represented by one or more book-entry certificates (each, a Book-Entry Warrant Certificate).

2.2 Effect of Countersignature. If a physical certificate is issued, unless and until countersigned by the Warrant Agent pursuant to this Agreement, a Warrant certificate shall be invalid and of no effect and may not be exercised by the holder thereof.

2

2.3 Registration.

2.3.1 Warrant Register.
The Warrant Agent shall maintain books (the Warrant Register) for the registration of original
issuance and the registration of transfer of the Warrants. Upon the initial issuance of the Warrants, the Warrant Agent shall issue
and register the Warrants in the names of the respective holders thereof in such denominations and otherwise in accordance with instructions
delivered to the Warrant Agent by the Company. All of the Public Warrants shall initially be represented by one or more Book-Entry
Warrant Certificates deposited with The Depository Trust Company (the Depositary) and registered
in the name of Cede & Co., a nominee of the Depositary. Ownership of beneficial interests in the Public Warrants shall be shown
on, and the transfer of such ownership shall be effected through, records maintained by (i) the Depositary or its nominee for each
Book- Entry Warrant Certificate, or (ii) institutions that have accounts with the Depositary (each such institution, with respect
to a Warrant in its account, a Participant).

If the Depositary subsequently ceases to make its book-entry settlement system available for the Public Warrants, the Company may instruct the Warrant Agent regarding making other arrangements for book-entry settlement. In the event that the Public Warrants are not eligible for, or it is no longer necessary to have the Public Warrants available in, book-entry form, the Warrant Agent shall provide written instructions to the Depositary to deliver to the Warrant Agent for cancellation each Book-Entry Warrant Certificate, and the Company shall instruct the Warrant Agent to deliver to the Depositary definitive certificates in physical form evidencing such Warrants (Definitive Warrant Certificate). Such Definitive Warrant Certificate shall be in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit B, with appropriate insertions, modifications and omissions, as provided above.

2.3.2 Registered Holder.
Prior to due presentment for registration of transfer of any Warrant, the Company and the Warrant Agent may deem and treat the person
in whose name such Warrant is registered in the Warrant Register (the Registered Holder) as the
absolute owner of such Warrant and of each Warrant represented thereby (notwithstanding any notation of ownership or other writing
on a Definitive Warrant Certificate made by anyone other than the Company or the Warrant Agent), for the purpose of any exercise
thereof, and for all other purposes, and neither the Company nor the Warrant Agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary.

2.4 Detachability of Warrants. The Class A Shares and Public Warrants comprising the Units shall begin separate trading on the 52nd day following the date of the Prospectus or, if such 52nd day is not on a day, other than a Saturday, Sunday or federal holiday, on which banks in New York City are generally open for normal business (a Business Day), then on the immediately succeeding Business Day following such date, or earlier (the Detachment Date) with the consent of the Underwriters, as representative of the several underwriters, but in no event shall the Class A Shares and the Public Warrants comprising the Units be separately traded until the Company issues a press release and files with the Commission a Current Report on Form 8-K announcing when such separate trading shall begin.

3

2.5 No Fractional Warrants Other Than as Part of Units. The Company shall not issue fractional Warrants other than as part of the Units, each of which is comprised of one Class A Share and one-half of one Public Warrant. If, upon the detachment of Public Warrants from the Units or otherwise, a holder of Warrants would be entitled to receive a fractional Warrant, the Company shall round down to the nearest whole number the number of Warrants to be issued to such holder.

2.6 Private Placement Warrants and Working Capital Warrants. The Private Placement Warrants and Working Capital Warrants shall be identical to the Public Warrants, except that until the date that is thirty (30) days after the completion by the Company of an initial Business Combination the Private Placement Warrants and the Working Capital Warrants may not be transferred, assigned or sold by the holders thereof, other than:

2.6.1 to the Companys officers or directors, any affiliate or family member of any of the Companys officers or directors, any members or partners of the Sponsor or their affiliates, any affiliates of the Sponsor, the Underwriters or any employees of such affiliates;

2.6.2 in the case of an individual, by gift to a member of such individuals immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a member of such individuals immediate family, an affiliate of such individual or to a charitable organization;

2.6.3 in the case of an individual, by virtue of the laws of descent and distribution upon death of such person;

2.6.4 in the case of an individual, pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order;

2.6.5 by private sales or transfers made in connection with any forward purchase agreement or similar arrangement, in connection with an extension of the timeframe for the Company to consummate a Business Combination or in connection with the consummation of an initial Business Combination at prices no greater than the price at which the Class A Shares or Warrants were originally purchased;

2.6.6 by virtue of the laws of the Cayman Islands or the limited liability company agreement of the Sponsor upon dissolution of the Sponsor or upon dissolution of the Underwriters;

2.6.7 in the event of the Companys liquidation prior to the consummation of a Business Combination;

2.6.8 to a nominee or
custodian of a person or entity to whom a disposition or transfer would be permissible under clauses 2.6.1 through 2.6.6 above; and

4

2.6.9 in the event that,
subsequent to the consummation of an initial Business Combination, the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or
other similar transaction which results in all of its shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A Shares for cash, securities
or other property; provided, however, that, in the case of clauses 2.6.1 through 2.6.6, and 2.6.8 these transferees
(the Permitted Transferees) enter into a written agreement with the Company agreeing to be bound
by the transfer restrictions in this Agreement and the other restrictions contained in the letter agreement, dated as of the date
hereof, by and among the Company, the Sponsor, the Underwriters and the Companys officers and directors.

2.7 Working Capital Warrants. Each of the Working Capital Warrants shall be identical to the Private Placement Warrants.

3. Terms and Exercise of Warrants.

3.1 Warrant Price. Each Warrant shall entitle the Registered Holder thereof, subject to the provisions of such Warrant and of this Agreement, including without limitation, subsection 3.3.5, to purchase from the Company the number of Class A Shares stated therein, at the price of $11.50 per share, subject to the adjustments provided in Section 4 hereof and in the last sentence of this Section 3.1. The term Warrant Price as used in this Agreement shall mean the price per share (including in cash or by payment of Warrants pursuant to a cashless exercise, to the extent permitted hereunder) described in the prior sentence at which the Class A Shares may be purchased at the time a Warrant is exercised. The Company in its sole discretion may lower the Warrant Price at any time prior to the Expiration Date (as defined below) for a period of not less than fifteen (15) Business Days (unless otherwise required by the Commission, any national securities exchange on which the Warrants are listed or applicable law), provided, that the Company shall provide at least three (3) days prior written notice of such reduction to Registered Holders of the Warrants and, provided further that any such reduction shall be identical among all of the Warrants.

3.2 Duration of Warrants. A Warrant may be exercised only during the period (the Exercise Period) (A) commencing on the date that is thirty (30) days after the first date on which the Company completes a Business Combination, and terminating on the earliest to occur of: (x) 5:00 p.m., New York City time on the date that is five (5) years after the date on which the Company completes its initial Business Combination, (y) the liquidation of the Company, and (z) with respect to a redemption pursuant to Section 6.1 hereof, 5:00 p.m., New York City time on the Redemption Date (as defined below) as provided in Section 6.2 hereof (the Expiration Date); provided, however, that the exercise of any Warrant shall be subject to the satisfaction of any applicable conditions, as set forth in subsection 3.3.2 below, with respect to an effective registration statement. Each outstanding Warrant not exercised on or before the Expiration Date shall become void, and all rights thereunder and all rights in respect thereof under this Agreement shall cease at 5:00 p.m. New York City time on the Expiration Date. The Company in its sole discretion may extend the duration of the Warrants by delaying the Expiration Date; provided, that the Company shall provide at least twenty (20) days prior written notice of any such extension to Registered Holders of the Warrants and, provided further that any such extension shall be identical in duration among all the Warrants. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, so long as the Underwriter Private Placement Warrants are held by the Underwriters or its designees or affiliates, such Private Placement warrants may not be exercised after five years from the commencement of sales in the Offering.

5

3.3 Exercise of Warrants.

3.3.1 Payment.
Subject to the provisions of the Warrant and this Agreement, including without limitation, subsection 3.3.5, a Warrant
may be exercised by the Registered Holder thereof by delivering to the Warrant Agent at its corporate trust department (i) the Definitive
Warrant Certificate evidencing the Warrants to be exercised, or, in the case of a Book-Entry Warrant Certificate, the Warrants to
be exercised (the Book-Entry Warrants) on the records of the Depositary to an account of the Warrant
Agent at the Depositary designated for such purposes in writing by the Warrant Agent to the Depositary from time to time, (ii) an
election to purchase (Election to Purchase) Class A Shares pursuant to the exercise of a Warrant,
properly completed and executed by the Registered Holder on the reverse of the Definitive Warrant Certificate or, in the case of
a Book-Entry Warrant Certificate, properly delivered by the Participant in accordance with the Depositarys procedures, and
(iii) payment in full of the Warrant Price for each Class A Share as to which the Warrant is exercised and any and all applicable
taxes due in connection with the exercise of the Warrant, the exchange of the Warrant for the Class A Shares and the issuance of
such Class A Shares, as follows:

(a) in lawful money of the United States, in good certified check or wire payable to the Warrant Agent or by wire transfer of immediately available funds;

(b) in the event of a redemption pursuant to Section 6 hereof in which the Companys board of directors (the Board) has elected to require all holders of the Warrants to exercise such Warrants on a cashless basis, by surrendering the Warrants for that number of Class A Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A Shares underlying the Warrants, multiplied by the excess of the Fair Market Value, as defined in this subsection 3.3.1(b), over the Warrant Price by (y) the Fair Market Value. Solely for purposes of this subsection 3.3.1(b) and Section 6.2, the Fair Market Value shall mean the average closing price of the Class A Shares for the ten (10) trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the Warrants, pursuant to Section 6 hereof; or

(c) on a cashless basis as provided in Section 7.4 hereof.

6

3.3.2 Issuance of Class
A Shares on Exercise. As soon as practicable after the exercise of any Warrant and the clearance of the funds in payment of the
Warrant Price (if payment is pursuant to subsection 3.3.1(a)), the Company shall issue to the Registered Holder of such
Warrant a book-entry position or certificate, as applicable, for the number of Class A Shares to which he, she or it is entitled,
registered in such name or names as may be directed by him, her or it, and if such Warrant shall not have been exercised in full,
a new book-entry position or countersigned Warrant, as applicable, for the number of Class A Shares as to which such Warrant shall
not have been exercised. If fewer than all the Warrants evidenced by a Book-Entry Warrant Certificate are exercised, a notation shall
be made to the records maintained by the Depositary, its nominee for each Book-Entry Warrant Certificate, or a Participant, as appropriate,
evidencing the balance of the Warrants remaining after such exercise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not be obligated
to deliver any Class A Shares pursuant to the exercise of a Warrant and shall have no obligation to settle such Warrant exercise
unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A Shares underlying the Public Warrants is then
effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to the Companys satisfying its obligations under Section 7.4.
No Warrant shall be exercisable and the Company shall not be obligated to issue Class A Shares upon exercise of a Warrant unless
the Class A Shares issuable upon such Warrant exercise have been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt from registration or
qualification under the securities laws of the state of residence of the Registered Holder of the Warrants. In the event that the
conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a Warrant, the holder of such Warrant shall
not be entitled to exercise such Warrant. In no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the Warrant exercise. The Company
may require holders of Public Warrants to settle the Warrant on a cashless basis pursuant to Section 7.4.
If, by reason of any exercise of Warrants on a cashless basis, the holder of any Warrant would
be entitled, upon the exercise of such Warrant, to receive a fractional interest in a Class A Share, the Company shall round down
to the nearest whole number, the number of Class A Shares to be issued to such holder.

3.3.3 Valid Issuance. All Class A Shares issued upon the proper exercise of a Warrant in conformity with this Agreement shall be validly issued, fully paid and non- assessable.

3.3.4 Date of Issuance. Each person in whose name any book-entry position or certificate, as applicable, for Class A Shares is issued shall for all purposes be deemed to have become the holder of record of such Class A Shares on the date on which the Warrant, or book-entry position representing such Warrant, was surrendered and payment of the Warrant Price was made, irrespective of the date of delivery of such certificate in the case of a certificated Warrant, except that, if the date of such surrender and payment is a date when the share transfer books of the Company or book-entry system of the Warrant Agent are closed, such person shall be deemed to have become the holder of such Class A Shares at the close of business on the next succeeding date on which the share transfer books or book-entry system are open.

7

3.3.5 Maximum Percentage.
A holder of a Warrant may notify the Company in writing in the event it elects to be subject to the provisions contained in this
subsection 3.3.5; however, no holder of a Warrant shall be subject to this subsection 3.3.5 unless he, she
or it makes such election. If the election is made by a holder, the Warrant Agent shall not effect the exercise of the holders
Warrant, and such holder shall not have the right to exercise such Warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise,
such person (together with such persons affiliates) or any group of which the holder or
its affiliate is a member, would beneficially own in excess of 4.9% or 9.8% (or such other amount as a holder may specify)(the Maximum
Percentage) of the Class A Shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. For purposes of
the foregoing sentence, the aggregate number of Class A Shares beneficially owned by such person and its affiliates, or any group
of which such person and its affiliates is a member, shall include the number of Class A Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrant
with respect to which the determination of such sentence is being made, but shall exclude Class A Shares that would be issuable upon
(x) exercise of the remaining, unexercised portion of the Warrant beneficially owned by such person and its affiliates, or any group
of which any such person or its affiliates is a member, and (y) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted portion
of any other securities of the Company beneficially owned by such person and its affiliates, or any group of which such person or
its affiliates is a member (including, without limitation, any convertible notes or convertible preferred shares or warrants) subject
to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence,
for purposes of this paragraph, beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and the applicable regulations of the Commission.
For purposes hereof, group has the meaning set forth in Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act
and applicable regulations of the Commission, and the percentage held by the holder shall be determined in a manner consistent with
the provisions of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act. To the extent that a holder makes the election described in this subsection 3.3.5,
the Warrant Agent shall not effect the exercise of the holders Warrant, and such holder shall not have the right to exercise
such Warrant unless it provides to the Warrant Agent in its Election to Purchase, a certification that, upon after giving effect
to such exercise, such person (together with such persons affiliates) or any group of which
such holder or its affiliates is a member, would not beneficially own in excess of the Maximum Percentage of the Class A Shares outstanding
immediately after giving effect to such exercise as determined in accordance with this subsection 3.3.5. For purposes
of the Warrant, in determining the number of outstanding Class A Shares, the holder may rely on the number of outstanding Class A
Shares as reflected in (1) the Companys most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, Current Report
on Form 8-K or other public filing with the Commission as the case may be, (2) a more recent public announcement by the Company or
(3) any other notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of Class A Shares outstanding. For any reason
at any time, upon the written request of the holder of the Warrant, the Company shall, within two (2) Business Days, confirm orally
and in writing to such holder the number of Class A Shares then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding Class A Shares
shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of equity securities of the Company by the holder and its affiliates
since the date as of which such number of outstanding Class A Shares was reported. By written notice to the Company, the holder of
a Warrant may from time to time increase or decrease the Maximum Percentage applicable to such holder to any other percentage specified
in such notice; provided, however, that any such increase shall not be effective until the sixty-first (61st) day after such notice
is delivered to the Company.

8

4. Adjustments.

4.1 Share Capitalizations.

4.1.1 Sub-division. If after the date hereof, and subject to the provisions of Section 4.6 below, the number of outstanding Class A Shares is increased by a share capitalization payable in Class A Shares, or by a sub-division of Class A Shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such share capitalization, sub- division or similar event, the number of Class A Shares issuable on exercise of each Warrant shall be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding Class A Shares. A rights offering made to all or substantially all holders of the Class A Shares entitling holders to purchase Class A Shares at a price less than the Historical Fair Market Value (as defined below) shall be deemed a share capitalization of a number of Class A Shares equal to the product of (i) the number of Class A Shares actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for Class A Shares) and (ii) one (1) minus the quotient of (x) the price per Class A Share paid in such rights offering divided by (y) the Historical Fair Market Value. For purposes of this subsection 4.1.1, (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class A Shares, in determining the price payable for Class A Shares, there shall be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) Historical Fair Market Value means the volume weighted average price of the Class A Shares as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the Class A Shares trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. No Class A Shares shall be issued at less than their par value.

4.1.2 Extraordinary Dividends. If the Company, at any time while the Warrants are outstanding and unexpired, shall pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to all or substantially all of the holders of Class A Shares on account of such Class A Shares (or other shares of the Companys share capital into which the Warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described in subsection 4.1.1 above, (b) Ordinary Cash Dividends (as defined below), (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A Shares in connection with a proposed initial Business Combination, (d) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A Shares in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (as amended from time to time, the Charter) (A) to modify the substance or timing of the

9

Companys obligation to allow redemption in connection with the Companys initial business combination or to redeem 100% of the Class A Shares included in the Units sold in the Offering (the Public Shares) if the Company does not complete the Business Combination within the period set forth in the Charter or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity or (e) in connection with the redemption of Public Shares upon the failure of the Company to complete its initial Business Combination and any subsequent distribution of its assets upon its liquidation (any such non-excluded event being referred to herein as an Extraordinary Dividend), then the Warrant Price shall be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such Extraordinary Dividend, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value (as determined by the Board, in good faith) of any securities or other assets paid on each Class A Share in respect of such Extraordinary Dividend. For purposes of this subsection 4.1.2, Ordinary Cash Dividends means any cash dividend or cash distribution which, when combined on a per share basis, with the per share amounts of all other cash dividends and cash distributions paid on the Class A Shares during the 365-day period ending on the date of declaration of such dividend or distribution (as adjusted to appropriately reflect any of the events referred to in other subsections of this Section 4 and excluding cash dividends or cash distributions that resulted in an adjustment to the Warrant Price or to the number of Class A Shares issuable on exercise of each Warrant) does not exceed $0.50 (being 5% of the offering price of the Units in the Offering) but only with respect to the amount of the aggregate cash dividends or cash distributions equal to or less than $0.50. Solely for purposes of illustration, if the Company, at a time while the Warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pays a cash dividend of $0.35 and previously paid an aggregate of $0.40 of cash dividends and cash distributions on the Class A Shares during the 365-day period ending on the date of declaration of such $0.35 dividend, then the Warrant Price will be decreased, effectively immediately after the effective date of such $0.35 dividend, by $0.25 (the absolute value of the difference between $0.75 (the aggregate amount of all cash dividends and cash distributions paid or made in such 365-day period, including such $0.35 dividend) and $0.50 (the greater of (x) $0.50 and (y) the aggregate amount of all cash dividends and cash distributions paid or made in such 365-day period prior to such $0.35 dividend)).

4.2 Aggregation of Shares. If after the date hereof, and subject to the provisions of Section 4.6 hereof, the number of outstanding Class A Shares is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse share sub-division or reclassification of Class A Shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse share sub-division, reclassification or similar event, the number of Class A Shares issuable on exercise of each Warrant shall be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding Class A Shares.

10

4.3 Adjustments in Warrant Price.

4.3.1 Whenever the number of Class A Shares purchasable upon the exercise of the Warrants is adjusted, as provided in subsection 4.1.1 or Section 4.2 above, the Warrant Price shall be adjusted (to the nearest cent) by multiplying such Warrant Price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which shall be the number of Class A Shares purchasable upon the exercise of the Warrants immediately prior to such adjustment, and (y) the denominator of which shall be the number of Class A Shares so purchasable immediately thereafter.

4.3.2 If (x) the Company issues additional Class A Shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $9.20 per Class A Share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Board and, in the case of any such issuance to the initial shareholders (as defined in the Prospectus) or their affiliates, without taking into account any Class B Ordinary Shares (as defined below) held by such shareholders or their affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance (the Newly Issued Price)), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60% of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for funding the initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Class A Shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates the Business Combination (such price, the Market Value) is below $9.20 per share, the Warrant Price shall be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the $18.00 per share redemption trigger price described in Section 6.1 below shall be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price.

4.4 Replacement of Securities upon Reorganization, etc. In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding Class A Shares (other than a change covered by subsections 4.1.1, 4.1.2 or Section 4.2 hereof or that solely affects the par value of such Class A Shares), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another entity or conversion of the Company as another entity (other than a consolidation or merger in which the Company is the continuing corporation and is not a subsidiary of another entity whose shareholders did not own all or substantially all of the Class A Shares of the Company in substantially the same proportions immediately before such transaction and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding Class A Shares), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another entity of the assets or other property of the Company as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which the Company is dissolved, the holders of the Warrants shall thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the Warrants and in lieu of the Class A Shares of the Company immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of shares or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the Warrants would have received if such holder had exercised his, her or its Warrant(s) immediately prior to such event (the Alternative Issuance);

11

provided, however, that (i) if the holders
of the Class A Shares were entitled to exercise a right of election as to the kind or amount of securities, cash or other assets receivable
upon such consolidation or merger, then the kind and amount of securities, cash or other assets constituting the Alternative Issuance
for which each Warrant shall become exercisable shall be deemed to be the weighted average of the kind and amount received per share
by the holders of the Class A Shares in such consolidation or merger that affirmatively make such election, and (ii) if a tender, exchange
or redemption offer shall have been made to and accepted by the holders of the Class A Shares (other than a tender, exchange or redemption
offer made by the Company in connection with redemption rights held by shareholders of the Company as provided for in the Charter or
as a result of the redemption of Class A Shares by the Company if a proposed initial Business Combination is presented to the shareholders
of the Company for approval) under circumstances in which, upon completion of such tender or exchange offer, the maker thereof, together
with members of any group (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act (or any successor rule)) of which such
maker is a part, and together with any affiliate or associate of such maker (within the meaning of Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange
Act (or any successor rule)) and any members of any such group of which any such affiliate or associate is a part, own beneficially (within
the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act (or any successor rule)) more than 65% of the voting power of the Companys
outstanding equity securities (including with respect to the election of directors), the holder of a Warrant shall be entitled to receive
as the Alternative Issuance, the weighted average of the amount of cash, securities or other property to which such holder would actually
have been entitled as a shareholder if such Warrant holder had exercised the Warrant prior to the expiration of such tender or exchange
offer, accepted such offer and participated in such tender or exchange offer on a pro rata basis with all other holders of Class A Shares,
subject to adjustments (from and after the consummation of such tender or exchange offer) as nearly equivalent as possible to the adjustments
provided for in this Section 4.4; provided further that if less than 70% of the consideration receivable by the holders of
the Class A Shares in the applicable event is payable in the form of capital stock or shares in the successor entity that is listed for
trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or
quoted immediately following such event, and if the Registered Holder properly exercises the Warrant within thirty (30) days following
the public disclosure of the consummation of such applicable event by the Company pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with
the Commission, the Warrant Price shall be reduced by an amount (in dollars) equal to the difference (but in no event less than zero)
of (i) the Warrant Price in effect prior to such reduction minus (ii) (A) the Per Share Consideration (as defined below) minus (B) the
Black-Scholes Warrant Value (as defined below). The Black-Scholes Warrant Value means the value of
a Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of the applicable event based on the Black-Scholes model as calculated by an accounting,
appraisal, investment banking firm or consultant of nationally recognized standing that is, in the good faith judgment of the Board,
qualified to make such calculation. Per Share Consideration means (i) if the consideration paid to
holders of the Class A Shares consists exclusively of cash, the amount of such cash per Class A Share, and (ii) in all other cases, the
volume weighted average price of the Class A Shares as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading day prior
to the effective date of the applicable event. If any reclassification or reorganization also results in a change in Class A Shares covered
by subsection 4.1.1, then such adjustment shall be made pursuant to subsection 4.1.1 or Sections 4.2,
4.3 and this Section 4.4. The provisions of this Section 4.4 shall similarly apply to successive reclassifications,
reorganizations, mergers or consolidations, sales or other transfers. In no event will the Warrant Price be reduced to less than the
par value per share issuable upon exercise of the Warrant.

12

4.5 Notices of Changes
in Warrant. Upon every adjustment of the Warrant Price or the number of Class A Shares issuable upon exercise of a Warrant, the
Company shall give written notice thereof to the Warrant Agent, which notice shall state the Warrant Price resulting from such adjustment
and the increase or decrease, if any, in the number of Class A Shares purchasable at such price upon the exercise of a Warrant, setting
forth in reasonable detail the method of calculation and the facts upon which such calculation is based. Upon the occurrence of any
event specified in Sections 4.1, 4.2, 4.3 or 4.4, the Company shall give written notice of the occurrence of such
event to each holder of a Warrant, at the last address set forth for such holder in the Warrant Register, of the record date or the
effective date of the event. Failure to give such notice, or any defect therein, shall not affect the legality or validity of such
event.

4.6 No Fractional
Shares. Notwithstanding any provision contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company shall not issue fractional Class
A Shares upon the exercise of Warrants. If, by reason of any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 4.6, the holder
of any Warrant would be entitled, upon the exercise of such Warrant, to receive a fractional interest in a share, the Company shall,
upon such exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A Shares to be issued to such holder.

4.7 Form of Warrant.
The form of Warrant need not be changed because of any adjustment pursuant to this Section 4.7, and Warrants issued after
such adjustment may state the same Warrant Price and the same number of Class A Shares as is stated in the Warrants initially issued
pursuant to this Agreement; provided, however, that the Company may at any time in its sole discretion make any change in the form
of Warrant that the Company may deem appropriate and that does not affect the substance thereof, and any Warrant thereafter issued
or countersigned, whether in exchange or substitution for an outstanding Warrant or otherwise, may be in the form as so changed.

4.8 Other Events. In case any event shall occur affecting the Company as to which none of the provisions of the preceding subsections of this Section 4.8 are strictly applicable, but which would require an adjustment to the terms of the Warrants in order to (i) avoid an adverse impact on the Warrants and (ii) effectuate the intent and purpose of this Section 4.8, then, in each such case, the Company shall appoint a firm of independent public accountants, investment banking or other appraisal firm of recognized national standing, which shall give its opinion as to whether or not any adjustment to the rights represented by the Warrants is necessary to effectuate the intent and purpose of this Section 4.8 and, if they determine that an adjustment is necessary, the terms of such adjustment. The Company shall adjust the terms of the Warrants in a manner that is consistent with any adjustment recommended in such opinion. For the avoidance of doubt, all adjustments made pursuant to this Section 4.8 shall be made equally to all outstanding Warrants.

13

4.9 No Adjustment. For the avoidance of doubt, no adjustment shall be made to the terms of the Warrants solely as a result of an adjustment to the conversion ratio of the Companys Class B ordinary shares (the Class B Ordinary Shares) into Class A Shares or the conversion of the Class B Ordinary Shares into Class A Shares, in each case, pursuant to the Charter.

5. Transfer and Exchange of Warrants.

5.1 Registration of Transfer. The Warrant Agent shall register the transfer, from time to time, of any outstanding Warrant upon the Warrant Register, upon surrender of such Warrant for transfer, in the case of a certificated Warrant, properly endorsed with signatures properly guaranteed and accompanied by appropriate instructions for transfer. Upon any such transfer, a new Warrant representing an equal aggregate number of Warrants shall be issued and the old Warrant shall be cancelled by the Warrant Agent. In the case of certificated Warrants, the Warrants so cancelled shall be delivered by the Warrant Agent to the Company from time to time upon request.

5.2 Procedure for Surrender of Warrants. Warrants may be surrendered to the Warrant Agent, together with a written request for exchange or transfer, and thereupon the Warrant Agent shall issue in exchange therefor one or more new Warrants as requested by the Registered Holder of the Warrants so surrendered, representing an equal aggregate number of Warrants; provided, however, that except as otherwise provided herein or in any Book-Entry Warrant Certificate or Definitive Warrant Certificate, each Book-Entry Warrant Certificate and Definitive Warrant Certificate may be transferred only in whole and only to the Depositary, to another nominee of the Depositary, to a successor depository, or to a nominee of a successor depository; provided further, however, that in the event that a Warrant surrendered for transfer bears a restrictive legend (as in the case of the Private Placement Warrants and the Working Capital Warrants), the Warrant Agent shall not cancel such Warrant and issue new Warrants in exchange thereof until the Warrant Agent has received an opinion of counsel for the Company stating that such transfer may be made and indicating whether the new Warrants must also bear a restrictive legend.

5.3 Fractional Warrants. The Warrant Agent shall not be required to effect any registration of transfer or exchange which shall result in the issuance of a warrant certificate or book-entry position for a fraction of a warrant, except as part of the Units.

14

5.4 Service Charges. No service charge shall be made for any exchange or registration of transfer of Warrants.

5.5 Warrant Execution and Countersignature. The Warrant Agent is hereby authorized to countersign and to deliver, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the Warrants required to be issued pursuant to the provisions of this Section 5.5, and the Company, whenever required by the Warrant Agent, shall supply the Warrant Agent with Warrants duly executed on behalf of the Company for such purpose.

5.6 Transfer of Warrants. Prior to the Detachment Date, the Public Warrants may be transferred or exchanged only together with the Unit in which such Warrant is included, and only for the purpose of effecting, or in conjunction with, a transfer or exchange of such Unit. Furthermore, each transfer of a Unit on the register relating to such Units shall operate also to transfer the Warrants included in such Unit. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of this Section 5.6 shall have no effect on any transfer of Warrants on and after the Detachment Date.

6. Redemption.

6.1 Redemption of Warrants for Cash. All, but not less than all, of the outstanding Warrants may be redeemed (in whole and not in part), at the option of the Company, at the office of the Warrant Agent, upon notice to the Registered Holders of the Warrants, as described in Section 6.2 below, at a Redemption Price (as defined below) of $0.01 per Warrant; provided that (a) the Reference Value equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (subject to adjustment in compliance with Section 4 hereof) and (b) there is an effective registration statement covering the Class A Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants, and a current prospectus relating thereto, available throughout the Measurement Period and the 30-day Redemption Period (each as defined in Section 6.2 below).

6.2 Date Fixed for, and Notice of, Redemption; Redemption Price; Reference Value. In the event that the Company elects to redeem the Warrants pursuant to Section 6.1, the Company shall fix a date for the redemption (the Redemption Date). Notice of redemption shall be mailed by first class mail, postage prepaid, by the Company not less than thirty (30) days prior to the Redemption Date (such period, the Redemption Period) to the Registered Holders of the Warrants to be redeemed at their last addresses as they shall appear on the registration books. Any notice mailed in the manner herein provided shall be conclusively presumed to have been duly given whether or not the Registered Holder received such notice. As used in this Agreement, (a) Redemption Price shall mean the price per Warrant at which any Warrants are redeemed pursuant to Sections 6.1 and (b) Reference Value shall mean the last reported sales price of the Class A Shares for any twenty (20) trading days within the thirty (30) trading-day period commencing at least 150 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination and ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which notice of the redemption is given (the Measurement Period).

15

6.3 Exercise After Notice of Redemption. The Warrants may be exercised, for cash (or on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3 of this Agreement) at any time after notice of redemption shall have been given by the Company pursuant to Section 6.2 hereof and prior to the Redemption Date. In the event the Company determines to require all holders of Warrants to exercise their Warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to subsection 3.3.1(b), the notice of redemption will contain the information necessary to calculate the number of Class A Shares to be received upon exercise of the Warrants, including the Fair Market Value in such case. On and after the Redemption Date, the record holder of the Warrants shall have no further rights except to receive, upon surrender of the Warrants, the Redemption Price.

7. Other Provisions Relating to Rights of Holders of Warrants.

7.1 No Rights as Shareholder. A Warrant does not entitle the Registered Holder thereof to any of the rights of a shareholder of the Company, including, without limitation, the right to receive dividends, or other distributions, exercise any preemptive rights to vote or to consent or to receive notice as shareholders in respect of the meetings of shareholders or the election of directors of the Company or any other matter.

7.2 Lost, Stolen, Mutilated, or Destroyed Warrants. If any Warrant is lost, stolen, mutilated, or destroyed, the Company and the Warrant Agent may on such terms as to indemnity or otherwise as they may in their discretion impose (which shall, in the case of a mutilated Warrant, include the surrender thereof), issue a new Warrant of like denomination, tenor, and date as the Warrant so lost, stolen, mutilated, or destroyed. Any such new Warrant shall constitute a substitute contractual obligation of the Company, whether or not the allegedly lost, stolen, mutilated, or destroyed Warrant shall be at any time enforceable by anyone.

7.3 Reservation of Class A Shares. The Company shall at all times reserve and keep available a number of its authorized but unissued Class A Shares that shall be sufficient to permit the exercise in full of all outstanding Warrants issued pursuant to this Agreement.

7.4 Registration of Class A Shares; Cashless Exercise at Companys Option.

16

7.4.1 Registration
of the Class A Shares. The Company agrees that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than thirty (30) Business Days after
the closing of its initial Business Combination, it shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to file with the Commission a post-effective
amendment to the Registration Statement, or a new registration statement registering, under the Securities Act, the issuance of the
Class A Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same
to become effective and to maintain the effectiveness of such post-effective amendment or registration statement, and a current prospectus
relating thereto, until the expiration of the Warrants in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. If any such post- effective
or registration statement has not been declared effective by the ninetieth (90th) Business Day following the closing
of the initial Business Combination, holders of the Warrants shall have the right, during the period beginning on the ninety-first (91st)
Business Day after the closing of the initial Business Combination and ending upon such post-effective amendment or registration statement
being declared effective by the Commission, and during any other period when the Company shall fail to have maintained an effective registration
statement covering the Class A Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants, to exercise such Warrants on a cashless
basis, by exchanging the Warrants (in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act (or any successor
rule) or another exemption) for that number of Class A Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number
of Class A Shares underlying the Warrants, multiplied by the excess of the Fair Market Value (as defined
below) over the Warrant Price by (y) the Fair Market Value. Solely for purposes of this subsection 7.4.1, Fair
Market Value shall mean the volume weighted average price of the Class A Shares as reported during the ten (10) trading
day period ending on the trading day prior to the date that notice of exercise is received by the Warrant Agent from the holder of such
Warrants or its securities broker or intermediary. The date that notice of cashless exercise is received
by the Warrant Agent shall be conclusively determined by the Warrant Agent. In connection with the cashless exercise
of a Public Warrant, the Company shall, upon request, provide the Warrant Agent with an opinion of counsel for the Company (which shall
be an outside law firm with securities law experience) stating that (i) the exercise of the Warrants on a cashless basis
in accordance with this subsection 7.4.1 is not required to be registered under the Securities Act and (ii) the Class A Shares
issued upon such exercise shall be freely tradable under United States federal securities laws by anyone who is not an affiliate (as
such term is defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act (or any successor rule)) of the Company and, accordingly, shall not be
required to bear a restrictive legend. Except as provided in subsection 7.4.2, for the avoidance of any doubt, unless and
until all of the Warrants have been exercised or have expired, the Company shall continue to be obligated to comply with its registration
obligations under the first three sentences of this subsection 7.4.1.

7.4.2 Cashless Exercise
at Companys Option. If the Class A Shares are at the time of any exercise of a Warrant not listed on a national securities
exchange such that they satisfy the definition of covered securities under Section 18(b)(1)
of the Securities Act (or any successor rule), the Company may, at its option, require holders of Warrants who exercise their Warrants
to exercise such Public Warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of
the Securities Act (or any successor rule) as described in subsection 7.4.1 and (i) in the event the Company so elects,
the Company shall not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities
Act, of the Class A Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants, notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary or
(ii) if the Company does not so file or maintain such registration statement, the Company agrees to use its commercially reasonable
efforts to register or qualify for sale the Class A Shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants under the blue sky laws
of the state of residence of the exercising Public Warrant holder to the extent an exemption is not available.

17

8. Concerning the Warrant Agent and Other Matters.

8.1 Payment of Taxes. The Company shall from time to time promptly pay all taxes and charges that may be imposed upon the Company or the Warrant Agent in respect of the issuance or delivery of Class A Shares upon the exercise of the Warrants, but the Company shall not be obligated to pay any transfer taxes in respect of the Warrants or such Class A Shares.

8.2 Resignation, Consolidation, or Merger of Warrant Agent.

8.2.1 Appointment of
Successor Warrant Agent. The Warrant Agent, or any successor to it hereafter appointed, may resign its duties and be discharged
from all further duties and liabilities hereunder after giving sixty (60) days notice in writing to the Company. If the office
of the Warrant Agent becomes vacant by resignation or incapacity to act or otherwise, the Company shall appoint in writing a successor
Warrant Agent in place of the Warrant Agent. If the Company shall fail to make such appointment within a period of thirty (30) days
after it has been notified in writing of such resignation or incapacity by the Warrant Agent or by the holder of a Warrant (who shall,
with such notice, submit his, her or its Warrant for inspection by the Company), then the holder of any Warrant may apply to the
Supreme Court of the State of New York for the County of New York for the appointment of a successor Warrant Agent at the Companys
cost. Any successor Warrant Agent, whether appointed by the Company or by such court, shall be a corporation or other entity organized
and existing under the laws of the State of New York, in good standing and having its principal office in the United States of America,
and authorized under such laws to exercise corporate trust powers and subject to supervision or examination by federal or state authority.
After appointment, any successor Warrant Agent shall be vested with all the authority, powers, rights, immunities, duties, and obligations
of its predecessor Warrant Agent with like effect as if originally named as Warrant Agent hereunder, without any further act or deed;
but if for any reason it becomes necessary or appropriate, the predecessor Warrant Agent shall execute and deliver, at the expense
of the Company, an instrument transferring to such successor Warrant Agent all the authority, powers, and rights of such predecessor
Warrant Agent hereunder; and upon request of any successor Warrant Agent the Company shall make, execute, acknowledge, and deliver
any and all instruments in writing for more fully and effectually vesting in and confirming to such successor Warrant Agent all such
authority, powers, rights, immunities, duties, and obligations.

8.2.2 Notice of Successor
Warrant Agent. In the event a successor Warrant Agent shall be appointed, the Company shall give notice thereof to the predecessor
Warrant Agent and the Transfer Agent for the Class A Shares not later than the effective date of any such appointment.

18

8.2.3 Merger or Consolidation
of Warrant Agent. Any entity into which the Warrant Agent may be merged or with which it may be consolidated or any entity resulting
from any merger or consolidation to which the Warrant Agent shall be a party shall be the successor Warrant Agent under this Agreement
without any further act.

8.3 Fees and Expenses of Warrant Agent.

8.3.1 Remuneration.
The Company agrees to pay the Warrant Agent reasonable remuneration for its services as such Warrant Agent hereunder and shall, pursuant
to its obligations under this Agreement, reimburse the Warrant Agent upon demand for all expenditures that the Warrant Agent may
reasonably incur in the execution of its duties hereunder.

8.3.2 Further Assurances.
The Company agrees to perform, execute, acknowledge, and deliver or cause to be performed, executed, acknowledged, and delivered
all such further and other acts, instruments, and assurances as may reasonably be required by the Warrant Agent for the carrying
out or performing of the provisions of this Agreement.

8.4 Liability of Warrant Agent.

8.4.1 Reliance on Company
Statement. Whenever in the performance of its duties under this Agreement, the Warrant Agent shall deem it necessary or desirable
that any fact or matter be proved or established by the Company prior to taking or suffering any action hereunder, such fact or matter
(unless other evidence in respect thereof be herein specifically prescribed) may be deemed to be conclusively proved and established
by a statement signed by the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Executive Vice President, Vice President,
Secretary or Chairman of the Board of the Company and delivered to the Warrant Agent. The Warrant Agent may rely upon such statement
for any action taken or suffered in good faith by it pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement.

8.4.2 Indemnity.
The Warrant Agent shall be liable hereunder only for its own gross negligence, willful misconduct, fraud or bad faith. The Company
agrees to indemnify the Warrant Agent and save it harmless against any and all liabilities, including judgments, out of pocket costs
and reasonable outside counsel fees, for anything done or omitted by the Warrant Agent in the execution of this Agreement, except
as a result of the Warrant Agents gross negligence, willful misconduct, fraud or bad faith.

8.4.3 Exclusions.
The Warrant Agent shall have no responsibility with respect to the validity of this Agreement or with respect to the validity or
execution of any Warrant (except its countersignature thereof). The Warrant Agent shall not be responsible for any breach by the
Company of any covenant or condition contained in this Agreement or in any Warrant. The Warrant Agent shall not be responsible to
make any adjustments required under the provisions of Section 4 hereof or responsible for the manner, method, or amount
of any such adjustment or the ascertaining of the existence of facts that would require any such adjustment; nor shall it by any
act hereunder be deemed to make any representation or warranty as to the authorization or reservation of any Class A Shares to be
issued pursuant to this Agreement or any Warrant or as to whether any Class A Shares shall, when issued, be valid and fully paid
and non-assessable.

19

8.5 Acceptance of Agency. The Warrant Agent hereby accepts the agency established by this Agreement and agrees to perform the same upon the terms and conditions herein set forth and among other things, shall account promptly to the Company with respect to Warrants exercised and concurrently account for, and pay to the Company, all monies received by the Warrant Agent for the purchase of Class A Shares through the exercise of the Warrants.

8.6 Waiver. The Warrant Agent has no right of set-off or any other right, title, interest or claim of any kind (Claim) in, or to any distribution of, the Trust Account (as defined in that certain Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and between the Company and the Warrant Agent as trustee thereunder) and hereby agrees not to seek recourse, reimbursement, payment or satisfaction for any Claim against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever. The Warrant Agent hereby waives any and all Claims against the Trust Account and any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account.

9. Miscellaneous Provisions.

9.1 Successors. All the covenants and provisions of this Agreement by or for the benefit of the Company or the Warrant Agent shall bind and inure to the benefit of their respective successors and assigns.

9.2 Notices. Any notice, statement or demand authorized by this Agreement to be given or made by the Warrant Agent or by the holder of any Warrant to or on the Company shall be sufficiently given when so delivered if by hand or overnight delivery or if sent by certified mail or private courier service within five (5) days after deposit of such notice, postage prepaid, addressed (until another address is filed in writing by the Company with the Warrant Agent), as follows:

Titan Acquisition Corp. 

131 Concord Street

Brooklyn, NY 11201

Attention: Adeel Rouf, Chief Financial Officer 

Email: adeel.rouf@gmail.com

Any notice, statement or demand authorized by this Agreement to be given or made by the holder of any Warrant or by the Company to or on the Warrant Agent shall be sufficiently given when so delivered if by hand or overnight delivery or if sent by certified mail or private courier service within five (5) days after deposit of such notice, postage prepaid, addressed (until another address is filed in writing by the Warrant Agent with the Company), as follows:

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, NY 10004

Attention: Compliance Department

20

in each case, with copies to:

Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP

1345 Avenue of the Americas, 11th Floor

New York, New York 10105

Attention: Stuart Neuhauser. Esq.

Email: sneuhauser@egsllp.com

Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Inc.

499 Park Avenue

New York, NY 10022

Telephone: (212) 938-5000

and

Winston and Strawn LLP

800 Capitol St., STE 2400

Houston, Texas 77002

Attention: Michael Blankenship

Email: MBlankenship@winston.com

9.3 Applicable Law
and Exclusive Forum. The validity, interpretation, and performance of this Agreement and of the Warrants shall be governed in
all respects by the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflicts of law principles that would result in the
application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction. The Company hereby agrees that any action, proceeding or claim against
it arising out of or relating in any way to this Agreement including Securities Laws shall be brought and enforced in the courts of
the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and irrevocably submits to such
jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. The Company hereby waives
any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the provisions of this paragraph will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any
other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or
entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in the Warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the
forum provisions in this Section 9.3. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum
provisions above, is filed in a court other than a court located within the State of New York or the United States District Court
for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action) in the name of any warrant holder, such
warrant holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located within
the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York in connection with any action
brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action), and (y) having
service of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holders counsel
in the foreign action as agent for such warrant holder.

21

9.4 Persons Having Rights under this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to confer upon, or give to, any person, corporation or other entity other than the parties hereto and the Registered Holders of the Warrants any right, remedy, or claim under or by reason of this Agreement or of any covenant, condition, stipulation, promise, or agreement hereof. All covenants, conditions, stipulations, promises, and agreements contained in this Agreement shall be for the sole and exclusive benefit of the parties hereto and their successors and assigns and of the Registered Holders of the Warrants.

9.5 Examination of the Warrant Agreement. A copy of this Agreement shall be available at all reasonable times at the office of the Warrant Agent in the United States of America, for inspection by the Registered Holder of any Warrant. The Warrant Agent may require any such holder to submit such holders Warrant for inspection by the Warrant Agent.

9.6 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of original or facsimile counterparts and each of such counterparts shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument.

9.7 Effect of Headings.
The Section headings herein are for convenience only and are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the interpretation
thereof.

9.8 Amendments. This Agreement may be amended by the parties hereto without the consent of any Registered Holder (i) for the purpose of (x) curing any ambiguity or to correct any defective provision contained herein, including to conform the provisions hereof to the description of the terms of the Warrants and this Agreement set forth in the Prospectus, (y) adjusting the definition of Ordinary Cash Dividend as contemplated by and in accordance with the second sentence of subsection 4.1.2 or (z) adding or changing any other provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under this Agreement as the parties may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem shall not adversely affect the interest of the Registered Holders, and (ii) to provide for the delivery of an Alternative Issuance pursuant to Section 4.4. All other modifications or amendments, including any modification or amendment to increase the Warrant Price or shorten the Exercise Period shall require the vote or written consent of the Registered Holders of 50% of the number of the then outstanding Warrants and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the Private Placement Warrants or Working Capital Warrants or any provision of this Agreement with respect to the Private Placement Warrants (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the forfeiture or cancellation of any Private Placement Warrants), or Working Capital Warrants, 50% of the number of then outstanding Private Placement Warrants and Working Capital Warrants (including the vote or written consent of the Underwriters). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may lower the Warrant Price or extend the duration of the Exercise Period pursuant to Sections 3.1 and 3.2, respectively, without the consent of the Registered Holders.

22

9.9 Severability. This Agreement shall be deemed severable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of any term or provision hereof shall not affect the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or of any other term or provision hereof. Furthermore, in lieu of any such invalid or unenforceable term or provision, the parties hereto intend that there shall be added as a part of this Agreement a provision as similar in terms to such invalid or unenforceable provision as may be possible and be valid and enforceable.

[Signature Page Follows]

23

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written.

TITAN ACQUISITION CORP.

By: /s/ Adeel Rouf

Name: Adeel Rouf

Title: Chief Financial Officer

CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY,

as Warrant Agent

By: /s/ Steven Vacante

Name: Steven Vacante

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to Warrant
Agreement]

24

EXHIBIT
A

PRIVATE PLACEMENT WARRANTS LEGEND

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS, AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF UNLESS REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION IS AVAILABLE. IN ADDITION, SUBJECT TO ANY ADDITIONAL LIMITATIONS ON TRANSFER DESCRIBED IN THE AGREEMENTS BY AND AMONG TITAN ACQUISITION CORP. (THE COMPANY), TITAN ACQUISITION SPONSOR HOLDCO LLC AND THE OTHER SIGNATORIES THERETO, THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE MAY NOT BE SOLD OR TRANSFERRED PRIOR TO THE DATE THAT IS THIRTY (30) DAYS AFTER THE DATE UPON WHICH THE COMPANY COMPLETES ITS INITIAL BUSINESS COMBINATION (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3 OF THE WARRANT AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) EXCEPT TO A PERMITTED TRANSFEREE WHO AGREES IN WRITING WITH THE COMPANY TO BE SUBJECT TO SUCH TRANSFER PROVISIONS.

SECURITIES EVIDENCED BY THIS CERTIFICATE AND ORDINARY SHARES OF THE COMPANY ISSUED UPON EXERCISE OF SUCH SECURITIES SHALL BE ENTITLED TO REGISTRATION RIGHTS UNDER A REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT TO BE EXECUTED BY THE COMPANY.

A-1

EXHIBIT B

[Form Of Warrant Certificate]

[FACE]

Number

Warrants

THIS WARRANT SHALL BE VOID IF NOT EXERCISED PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION OF THE EXERCISE PERIOD PROVIDED FOR IN THE WARRANT AGREEMENT DESCRIBED BELOW TITAN ACQUISITION CORP.

Incorporated Under the Laws of the Cayman Islands

CUSIP []

Warrant Certificate

This Warrant Certificate certifies that ____________, or registered assigns, is the registered holder of warrants evidenced hereby (the Warrants and each, a Warrant) to purchase Class A Ordinary Shares, $0.0001 par value per share (the Ordinary Shares), of Titan Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company). Each whole Warrant entitles the holder, upon exercise during the period set forth in the Warrant Agreement referred to below, to receive from the Company that number of fully paid and non-assessable Ordinary Shares as set forth below, at the exercise price (the Warrant Price) as determined pursuant to the Warrant Agreement, payable in lawful money (or through cashless exercise as provided for in the Warrant Agreement) of the United States of America upon surrender of this Warrant Certificate and payment of the Warrant Price at the office or agency of the Warrant Agent referred to below, subject to the conditions set forth herein and in the Warrant Agreement. Defined terms used in this Warrant Certificate but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Warrant Agreement.

Each whole Warrant is initially exercisable for one fully paid and non-assessable Ordinary Share. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of any Warrant. If, upon the exercise of Warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in an Ordinary Share, the Company will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of Ordinary Shares to be issued to the Warrant holder. The number of Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants is subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events set forth in the Warrant Agreement.

The initial Warrant Price per Ordinary Share for any Warrant is equal to $11.50 per share. The Warrant Price is subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events set forth in the Warrant Agreement.

B-1

Subject to the conditions set
forth in the Warrant Agreement, the Warrants may be exercised only during the Exercise Period and to the extent not exercised by the
end of such Exercise Period, such Warrants shall become void. The Warrants may be redeemed, subject to certain conditions, as set forth
in the Warrant Agreement. In addition, and notwithstanding anything else in this Warrant Certificate or the Warrant Agreement, to the
extent that the holder of a Warrant has delivered a notice contemplated by subsection 3.5.5 of the Warrant Agreement, neither
the Company nor the Warrant Agent shall issue to Holder, and Holder may not acquire, any right it might have to acquire, a number of
Ordinary Shares upon exercise of any Warrant to the extent that, upon such exercise, the number of Ordinary Shares then beneficially
owned by Holder would exceed the Maximum Percentage of Ordinary Shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise as
determined in accordance with subsection 3.3.5 of the Warrant Agreement.

Reference is hereby made to the further provisions of this Warrant Certificate set forth on the reverse hereof and such further provisions shall for all purposes have the same effect as though fully set forth at this place.

This Warrant Certificate shall not be valid unless countersigned by the Warrant Agent, as such term is used in the Warrant Agreement.

This Warrant Certificate shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York.

TITAN ACQUISITION CORP.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY,

as Warrant Agent

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Form of Warrant Certificate]

B-2

[Form of Warrant Certificate] 

[Reverse]

The Warrants evidenced by this Warrant Certificate are part of a duly authorized issue of Warrants entitling the holder on exercise to receive Ordinary Shares and are issued or to be issued pursuant to a Warrant Agreement dated as of April 8, 2025 (the Warrant Agreement), duly executed and delivered by the Company to Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, a New York corporation, as warrant agent (the Warrant Agent), which Warrant Agreement is hereby incorporated by reference in and made a part of this instrument and is hereby referred to for a description of the rights, limitation of rights, obligations, duties and immunities thereunder of the Warrant Agent, the Company and the holders (the words holders or holder meaning the Registered Holders or Registered Holder, respectively) of the Warrants. A copy of the Warrant Agreement may be obtained by the holder hereof upon written request to the Company. Defined terms used in this Warrant Certificate but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Warrant Agreement.

Warrants may be exercised at any time during the Exercise Period set forth in the Warrant Agreement. The holder of Warrants evidenced by this Warrant Certificate may exercise them by surrendering this Warrant Certificate, with the form of election to purchase set forth hereon properly completed and executed, together with payment of the Warrant Price as specified in the Warrant Agreement (or through cashless exercise as provided for in the Warrant Agreement) at the principal corporate trust office of the Warrant Agent. In the event that upon any exercise of Warrants evidenced hereby the number of Warrants exercised shall be less than the total number of Warrants evidenced hereby, there shall be issued to the holder hereof or his, her or its assignee, a new Warrant Certificate evidencing the number of Warrants not exercised.

Notwithstanding anything else in this Warrant Certificate or the Warrant Agreement, no Warrant may be exercised unless at the time of exercise (i) a registration statement covering the Ordinary Shares to be issued upon exercise is effective under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and (ii) a prospectus thereunder relating to the Ordinary Shares is current, except through cashless exercise as provided for in the Warrant Agreement.

The Warrant Agreement provides that upon the occurrence of certain events the number of Ordinary Shares issuable upon the exercise of the Warrants set forth on the face hereof may, subject to certain conditions, be adjusted. If, upon exercise of a Warrant, the holder thereof would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in an Ordinary Share, the Company shall, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number of Ordinary Shares to be issued to the holder of the Warrant.

Warrant Certificates, when surrendered at the principal corporate trust office of the Warrant Agent by the Registered Holder thereof in person or by legal representative or attorney duly authorized in writing, may be exchanged, in the manner and subject to the limitations provided in the Warrant Agreement, but without payment of any service charge, for another Warrant Certificate or Warrant Certificates of like tenor evidencing in the aggregate a like number of Warrants.

B-3

Upon due presentation for registration of transfer of this Warrant Certificate at the office of the Warrant Agent, a new Warrant Certificate or Warrant Certificates of like tenor and evidencing in the aggregate a like number of Warrants shall be issued to the transferee(s) in exchange for this Warrant Certificate, subject to the limitations provided in the Warrant Agreement, without charge except for any tax or other governmental charge imposed in connection therewith. The Company and the Warrant Agent may deem and treat the Registered Holder(s) hereof as the absolute owner(s) of this Warrant Certificate (notwithstanding any notation of ownership or other writing hereon made by anyone), for the purpose of any exercise hereof, of any distribution to the holder(s) hereof, and for all other purposes, and neither the Company nor the Warrant Agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary. Neither the Warrants nor this Warrant Certificate entitles any holder hereof to any rights of a shareholder of the Company.

Election to Purchase

(To Be Executed Upon Exercise of Warrant)

The undersigned hereby irrevocably
elects to exercise the right, represented by this Warrant Certificate, to receive Ordinary Shares and herewith tenders payment for such
Ordinary Shares to the order of Titan Acquisition Corp. (the Company) in the amount of $[] in
accordance with the terms hereof. The undersigned requests that a certificate for such Ordinary Shares be registered in the name of [],
whose address is [], and that such Ordinary Shares be delivered to [], whose address is []. If said number of Ordinary
Shares is less than all of the Ordinary Shares purchasable hereunder, the undersigned requests that a new Warrant Certificate representing
the remaining balance of such Ordinary Shares be registered in the name of [], whose address is [] and that such Warrant
Certificate be delivered to [], whose address is [].

In the event that the Warrant has been called for redemption by the
Company pursuant to Section 6.1of the Warrant Agreement and the Company has required cashless
exercise pursuant to Section 6.3 and Section 3.3.1(b) of the Warrant Agreement, the number of Ordinary Shares that this
Warrant is exercisable for shall be determined in accordance with Section 6.3 and Section 3.3.1(b) of the Warrant Agreement.

In the event that the Warrant is to be exercised on a cashless basis pursuant to Section 7.4 of the Warrant Agreement, the number of Ordinary Shares that this Warrant is exercisable for shall be determined in accordance with Section 7.4 of the Warrant Agreement.

In the event that the Warrant may be exercised, to the extent allowed by the Warrant Agreement, through cashless exercise (i) the number of Ordinary Shares that this Warrant is exercisable for would be determined in accordance with the relevant Section of the Warrant Agreement which allows for such cashless exercise and (ii) the holder hereof shall complete the following: The undersigned hereby irrevocably elects to exercise the right, represented by this Warrant Certificate, through the cashless exercise provisions of the Warrant Agreement, to receive Ordinary Shares. If said number of Ordinary Shares is less than all of the Ordinary Shares purchasable hereunder (after giving effect to the cashless exercise), the undersigned requests that a new Warrant Certificate representing the remaining balance of such Ordinary Shares be registered in the name of, whose address is and that such Warrant Certificate be delivered to, whose address is.

B-4

[To be included in any Election to Purchase of a holder who has provided the notice set forth in subsection 3.3.5 of the Warrant Agreement.

By signing this Election to Purchase, the undersigned hereby certifies that upon after giving effect to such exercise, the undersigned (together with such persons affiliates) or any group of which holder or its affiliates is a member, would not beneficially own in excess of the Maximum Percentage of the Ordinary Shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise as determined in accordance with subsection 3.3.5. of the Warrant Agreement.]

[Signature Page Follows]

B-5

Date: 

(Signature) (Address)

(Address)

(Tax Identification Number)

Signature Guaranteed: 

THE SIGNATURE(S) SHOULD BE GUARANTEED BY AN ELIGIBLE GUARANTOR INSTITUTION (BANKS, STOCKBROKERS, SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSOCIATIONS AND CREDIT UNIONS WITH MEMBERSHIP IN AN APPROVED SIGNATURE GUARANTEE MEDALLION PROGRAM, PURSUANT TO SEC RULE 17Ad-15 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED (OR ANY SUCCESSOR RULE)). 

B-6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>titanacq_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

Execution Version

April 8, 2025

Titan Acquisition Corp

131 Concord Street

Brooklyn, New York 11201

Re: Initial Public Offering

Ladies and Gentlemen:

This letter (this Letter
Agreement) is being delivered to you in accordance with the Underwriting Agreement (the Underwriting Agreement)
entered into by and between Titan Acquisition Corp, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), and Cantor
Fitzgerald & Co., as the representative (the Representative) of the several underwriters (the Underwriters),
relating to an underwritten initial public offering (the Public Offering), of up to 27,600,000 of the Companys
units (including up to 3,600,000 units that may be purchased to cover over-allotments, if any) (the Units),
each comprised of one of the Companys Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share (the Class A Ordinary Shares)
and one-half of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant (each, a Public Warrant) entitles the holder thereof
to purchase one Class A Ordinary Share at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described in the Prospectus (as defined
below). The Units will be sold in the Public Offering pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-1 and prospectus (the Prospectus)
filed by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) and the Company has
applied to have the Units listed on The Nasdaq Global Market. Certain capitalized terms used herein are defined in paragraph 11 hereof.

In order to induce the Company and the Underwriters to enter into the Underwriting Agreement and to proceed with the Public Offering, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, each of Titan Acquisition Sponsor Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor), and the undersigned individuals, each of whom is, or will be, a member of the Companys board of directors and/or management team (each of the undersigned individuals, an Insider and collectively, the Insiders), hereby agrees with the Company as follows:

1. [Reserved].

2. Business
Combination Support. The Sponsor and each Insider agrees with the Company that if the Company seeks shareholder approval of
a proposed Business Combination, then in connection with such proposed Business Combination, it, he or she shall (i) vote any Ordinary
Shares owned by it, him or her in favor of any proposed Business Combination (except that any public shares it, he, or she may purchase
in compliance with the requirements of Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act must not be voted in favor of approving the proposed business
combination) and (ii) not redeem any Ordinary Shares owned by it, him or her in connection with such shareholder approval. If the Company
seeks to consummate a proposed Business Combination by engaging in a tender offer, the Sponsor and each Insider agrees that it, he or
she will not sell or tender any Ordinary Shares owned by it, him or her in connection therewith.

3. Failure to Consummate a Business Combination; Trust Account Waiver.

(a) The Sponsor and each Insider hereby agrees with the Company that in the event that the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination within the time period set forth in the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (as it may be amended from time to time, the Charter), the Sponsor and each Insider shall take all reasonable steps to cause the Company to (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten (10) business days thereafter, redeem 100% of the Class A Ordinary Shares sold as part of the Units in the Public Offering (the Offering Shares), at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (net of amounts withdrawn from interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account to pay the Companys income taxes and up to $100,000 of interest to pay liquidation and dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Offering Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish all Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Companys remaining shareholders and the Companys board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject, in each case, to the Companys obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements of applicable law.

(b) The Sponsor and each Insider agrees not to propose any amendment to the Charter (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in connection with its initial Business Combination or to redeem 100% of the Offering Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Public Offering, or such earlier liquidation date as the Companys board of directors may approve or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, unless the Company provides its Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Offering Shares in connection with any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account (net of amounts withdrawn to pay our income taxes), divided by the number of then outstanding Offering Shares.

(c) The Sponsor acknowledges and agrees that in the event that the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination within the time period set forth in the Charter, it hereby waives its right to be repaid from the Trust Account for any working capital loans in excess of the amounts withdrawn to pay our income taxes to such date, that it or its affiliates or designees have provided to the Company.

(d) The Sponsor and each Insider acknowledges that it, he or she has no right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account or any other asset of the Company as a result of any liquidation of the Company with respect to any Founder Shares held by it, him or her. The Sponsor and each Insider hereby further waives, with respect to any Founder Shares and Offering Shares held by it, him or her, if any, any redemption rights it, he or she may have in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Charter (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in connection with its initial Business Combination or to redeem 100% of the Offering Shares if the Company has not consummated a Business Combination within the time period set forth in the Charter or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity (although the Sponsor and the Insiders shall be entitled to redemption and liquidation rights with respect to any Offering Shares it or they hold if the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination within the time period set forth in the Charter). The Sponsor and each Insider further waive any claim it may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any contracts or agreements with the Company and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever.

2

4. Business Combination with Affiliate. The undersigned acknowledges and agrees that prior to entering into a definitive agreement for a Business Combination with a target business that is affiliated with the undersigned or any other Insiders of the Company or their affiliates, such transaction must be approved by a majority of the Companys disinterested independent directors and the Company must obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or an independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions that such Business Combination is fair to the Company from a financial point of view.

5. Lock-Up; Transfer Restrictions.

The Sponsor and each Insider agrees that it, he or she shall not Transfer:

(a) any Founder Shares (the Founder Shares Lock-up) until the earlier of (i) six months after the completion of an initial Business Combination or (ii) subsequent to the consummation of an initial Business Combination, the date on which the Company consummates a transaction which results in all of its shareholders having the right to exchange their shares for cash, securities, or other property (the Founder Shares Lock-up Period); and

(b) any Private Placement Warrants, Working Capital Warrants or in each case the Ordinary Shares underlying such warrants, until 30 days after the completion of an initial Business Combination (the Warrants Lock-up Period, and together with the Founder Shares Lock-up Period, the Lock-up Periods).

(c) During the period commencing on the effective date of the Underwriting Agreement and ending 180 days after such date, the Sponsor and each Insider shall not, without the prior written consent of the Representative, Transfer any Units, Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants, Working Capital Warrants (or the Ordinary Shares underlying such warrants), or any other securities convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for, Ordinary Shares (but excluding Units, Ordinary Shares or Public Warrants purchased in the Public Offering or thereafter) held by it, her or him, as applicable.

(d) Notwithstanding the
provisions set forth in Sections 5(a), 5(b) or 5(c) above, Transfers of the Founder Shares, Private Placement
Warrants, Working Capital Warrants or Ordinary Shares underlying such warrants that are held by the Sponsor, any Insider or any of
their permitted transferees (that have complied with this paragraph 3(d)), are permitted (a) to the Companys officers or
directors, any affiliate or family member of any of the Companys officers or directors, any affiliate of the Companys
Sponsor or to any member of the Sponsor, any of their affiliates; (b) in the case of an individual, as a gift to such persons
immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a member of such persons immediate family, an affiliate of such
person or to a charitable organization; (c) in the case of an individual, by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death
of the individual; (d) in the case of an individual, pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order; (e) by private sales or
transfers made in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination at prices no greater than the price at which the
Founder Shares or Private Placement Warrants (as well as the Ordinary Shares underlying such warrants), as applicable, were
originally purchased; (f) by virtue of the laws of the Cayman Islands or the Sponsors organizational documents upon
liquidation or dissolution of the Sponsor; (g) in the event of the Companys liquidation prior to the completion of a Business
Combination; or (h) in the event of completion of a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction which results
in all of the Companys Public Shareholders having the right to exchange their Ordinary Shares for cash, securities or other
property subsequent to the completion of an initial Business Combination; provided, however, that in the case of
clauses (a) through (f) these permitted transferees must enter into a written agreement agreeing to be bound by these transfer
restrictions.

3

6. Indemnification.
In the event of the liquidation of the Trust Account upon the failure of the Company to consummate its initial Business Combination within
the time period set forth in the Charter, the Sponsor (the Indemnitor), which for purposes of clarification
shall not extend to any other shareholders, members or managers of the Sponsor, or any of the other undersigned, agrees to indemnify
and hold harmless the Company against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever (including, but not limited to,
any and all legal or other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, whether pending
or threatened) to which the Company may become subject as a result of any claim by (i) any third party for services rendered or products
sold to the Company, (ii) any prospective target business with which the Company has entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality
or other similar agreement or business combination agreement (a Target) or (iii) any taxing authority; provided,
however, that such indemnification of the Company by the Indemnitor (x) shall apply only to the extent necessary to ensure that such
claims by a third party or a Target do not reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) $10.05 per Offering
Share and (ii) the actual amount per Offering Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account,
if less than $10.05 per Offering Share is then held in the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each
case, net of amounts withdrawn to pay our income taxes and up to $100,000 of interest to pay liquidation and dissolution expenses, (y)
shall not apply to any claims by a third party or a Target which executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust
Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) and (z) shall not apply to any claims under the Companys indemnity of the
Underwriters against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. In the event that any such
executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against such third party, the Indemnitor shall not be responsible to the extent of any
liability for such third party claims. The Indemnitor shall have the right to defend against any such claim with counsel of its choice
reasonably satisfactory to the Company if, within 15 days following written receipt of notice of the claim to the Indemnitor, the Indemnitor
notifies the Company in writing that it shall undertake such defense.

7. Forfeiture of Founder
Shares. To the extent that the Underwriters do not exercise their over-allotment option to purchase up to an additional 3,600,000
Units within 45 days from the date of the Prospectus (and as further described in the Prospectus), the Sponsor agrees to forfeit, at no
cost, 900,000 Class B ordinary shares. The forfeiture will be adjusted to the extent that the over-allotment option is not exercised in
full by the Underwriters so that the Founder Shares will represent, on an as-converted basis, an aggregate of 20% of the Companys
issued and outstanding Ordinary Shares upon consummation of the Public Offering. The Initial Shareholders further agree that to the extent
that the size of the Public Offering is increased or decreased, the Company will purchase or sell Class B Ordinary Shares or effect a
share repurchase or share capitalization, as applicable, immediately prior to the consummation of the Public Offering in such amount as
to maintain the number of Founder Shares, on an as-converted basis, at 20% of the Companys issued and outstanding Ordinary Shares
upon consummation of the Public Offering.

4

8. Remedies. The Sponsor and each Insider hereby agrees and acknowledges that: (i) the Underwriters and the Company would be irreparably injured in the event of a breach by such Sponsor or an Insider of its, his or her obligations under paragraphs 2, 3, 4 and 5, as applicable, of this Letter Agreement, (ii) monetary damages may not be an adequate remedy for such breach and (iii) the non-breaching party shall be entitled to injunctive relief, in addition to any other remedy that such party may have in law or in equity, in the event of such breach.

9. Representations and Warranties.

(a) The Sponsor and each Insider represents and warrants that it, he or she has never been suspended or expelled from membership in any securities or commodities exchange or association or had a securities or commodities license or registration denied, suspended or revoked. For each Insider who is or is nominated to be a director or officer of the Company, such Insiders biographical information furnished to the Company (including any such information included in the Prospectus) is true and accurate in all material respects and does not omit any material information with respect to the Insiders background. For each Insider who is or is nominated to be a director or officer of the Company, such Insiders questionnaire furnished to the Company is true and accurate in all respects. The Sponsor and each Insider represents and warrants that: it, he or she is not subject to or a respondent in any legal action for, any injunction, cease-and-desist order or order or stipulation to desist or refrain from any act or practice relating to the offering of securities in any jurisdiction; it, he or she has never been convicted of, or pleaded guilty to, any crime (i) involving fraud, (ii) relating to any financial transaction or handling of funds of another person, or (iii) pertaining to any dealings in any securities and it, he or she is not currently a defendant in any such criminal proceeding.

(b) The Company, the Sponsor and each Insider, with respect to itself, herself or himself, represent and warrant that it, she or he has full right and power, without violating any agreement to which it, he or she is bound (including, without limitation, any non-competition or non-solicitation agreement with any employer or former employer), to enter into this Letter Agreement and, as applicable, to serve as an officer and/or director on the board of directors of the Company and hereby consents to being named in the Prospectus as an officer and/or director of the Company.

10. [Reserved].

5

11. Definitions. As
used herein, (i) Business Combination shall mean a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase,
reorganization or similar business combination, involving the Company and one or more businesses; (ii) Ordinary Shares
shall mean the Class A Ordinary Shares and the Companys Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share (the Class
B Ordinary Shares); (iii) Founder Shares shall mean the 6,900,000 Class B Ordinary Shares issued
and outstanding (up to 900,000 of which are subject to complete or partial forfeiture by the Sponsor if the over-allotment option is not
exercised in full by the Underwriters); (iv) Initial Shareholders shall mean the Sponsor and any Insider that
holds Founder Shares; (v) Private Placement Warrants shall mean the 5,600,000 warrants (or up to 5,780,000
warrants if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full), each warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase
one Class A Ordinary Share at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described in the Prospectus, that the Sponsor has
agreed to purchase for an aggregate purchase price of $5,600,000 (or up to $5,780,000 if the underwriters over-allotment option
is exercised in full) (or $1.00 per Private Placement Warrant), in a private placement that shall occur simultaneously with the consummation
of the Public Offering; (vi) Working Capital Warrants shall mean the Private Placement-equivalent Warrants
that may be issued in connection with the conversion of any working capital loans; (vii) Public Shareholders
shall mean the holders of securities issued in the Public Offering; (viii) Trust Account shall mean the trust
account into which a portion of the net proceeds of the Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants shall be deposited;
and (ix) Transfer shall mean the (a) sale of, offer to sell, contract or agreement to sell, hypothecate, pledge,
grant of any option to purchase or otherwise dispose of or agreement to dispose of, directly or indirectly, or establishment or increase
of a put equivalent position or liquidation with respect to or decrease of a call equivalent position within the meaning of Section 16
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder with respect
to, any security, (b) entry into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences
of ownership of any security, whether any such transaction is to be settled by delivery of such securities, in cash or otherwise, or (c)
public announcement of any intention to effect any transaction specified in clause (a) or (b).

12. Director and Officer Liability Insurance. The Company will maintain an insurance policy or policies providing directors and officers liability insurance, and each Insider who is or is nominated to be a director or officer of the Company shall be covered by such policy or policies, in accordance with its or their terms, to the maximum extent of the coverage available pursuant to such policy or policies for any of the Companys directors or officers.

13. Entire Agreement. This Letter Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior understandings, agreements, or representations by or among the parties hereto, written or oral, to the extent they relate in any way to the subject matter hereof or the transactions contemplated hereby. This Letter Agreement may not be changed, amended, modified or waived (other than to correct a typographical error) as to any particular provision, except by a written instrument executed by (i) each Insider that is the subject of any such change, amendment, modification or waiver, (ii) the Sponsor, and (iii) the Company.

14. Assignment. No party hereto may assign either this Letter Agreement or any of its rights, interests, or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the other parties. Any purported assignment in violation of this paragraph shall be void and ineffectual and shall not operate to transfer or assign any interest or title to the purported assignee. This Letter Agreement shall be binding on the Company, the Sponsor and each Insider and their respective successors, heirs and assigns and permitted transferees.

6

15. Third-Party Rights. Except as provided for in paragraph 6 and paragraph 22, nothing in this Letter Agreement shall be construed to confer upon, or give to, any person or corporation other than the parties hereto any right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Letter Agreement or of any covenant, condition, stipulation, promise or agreement hereof. Except as provided for in paragraph 6 and paragraph 22, all covenants, conditions, stipulations, promises and agreements contained in this Letter Agreement shall be for the sole and exclusive benefit of the parties hereto and their successors, heirs, personal representatives and assigns and permitted transferees.

16. Counterparts. This Letter Agreement may be executed in any number of original, facsimile or other electronic counterparts and each of such counterparts shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument.

17. Severability. This Letter Agreement shall be deemed severable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of any term or provision hereof shall not affect the validity or enforceability of this Letter Agreement or of any other term or provision hereof. Furthermore, in lieu of any such invalid or unenforceable term or provision, the parties hereto intend that there shall be added as a part of this Letter Agreement a provision as similar in terms to such invalid or unenforceable provision as may be possible and be valid and enforceable.

18. Governing Law. This Letter Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. The parties hereto (i) all agree that any action, proceeding, claim or dispute arising out of, or relating in any way to, this Letter Agreement shall be brought and enforced in the courts of New York City, in the State of New York, and irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction and venue, which jurisdiction and venue shall be exclusive and (ii) waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and venue or that such courts represent an inconvenient forum.

19. Notices. Any notice, consent or request to be given in connection with any of the terms or provisions of this Letter Agreement shall be in writing and shall be sent by express mail or similar private courier service, by certified mail (return receipt requested), by hand delivery or facsimile or e-mail transmission.

20. Effect of Headings. The paragraph headings herein are for convenience only and are not part of this Letter Agreement and shall not affect the interpretation thereof.

21. Termination. This Letter Agreement shall terminate on the earlier of (i) the expiration of the Lock-up Periods and (ii) the liquidation of the Company; provided, however, that this Letter Agreement shall earlier terminate in the event that the Public Offering is not consummated and closed by December 31, 2025; provided further that paragraphs 3 and 6 of this Letter Agreement shall survive such termination.

22. Underwriters as Beneficiaries.
The Company, the Sponsor and each Insider hereby acknowledges and agrees that each of the Underwriters is a third party beneficiary of
this Letter Agreement and shall have the right to enforce its terms against each of the parties hereto.

[Signature Page Follows]

7

Sincerely, 

Titan Acquisition Sponsor Holdco LLC 

By: /s/
Adeel Rouf 

Name: Adeel Rouf 

Title: Managing
Member 

/s/
Adeel Rouf 

Adeel Rouf 

/s/
Frank Mastrangelo 

Frank Mastrangelo 

/s/
Pawneet Abramowski 

Pawneet Abramowski 

/s/
Walter Beach 

Walter Beach 

/s/
Leslie Goldman Tepper 

Leslie Goldman Tepper 

Acknowledged and Agreed: 

TITAN ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: /s/
Adeel Rouf 

Name: Adeel Rouf 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

[Signature Page to Letter Agreement]

8
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>titanacq_ex10-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

Execution Version

INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT TRUST AGREEMENT

This Investment Management Trust Agreement (this Agreement) is made effective as of April 8, 2025 by and between Titan Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, a New York corporation (the Trustee).

WHEREAS, the Companys
registration statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-285659 (the Registration Statement) and prospectus (the
Prospectus) for the initial public offering (the Offering) of the Companys
units (the Units), each of which consists of one Class A ordinary share, par value $0.0001 per share (the
Ordinary Shares), and one-half of one redeemable warrant, each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof
to purchase one Ordinary Share, has been declared effective as of the date hereof by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission; and
WHEREAS, the Company has entered into an Underwriting Agreement (the Underwriting Agreement) with Cantor Fitzgerald
& Co., as representative (the Representative) of the several underwriters (the Underwriters)
named therein; and WHEREAS, as described in the Prospectus, $241,200,000 of the gross proceeds of the Offering and sale of the Warrants
(as defined in the Underwriting Agreement) (or $277,380,000 if the Underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full) will
be delivered to the Trustee to be deposited and held in a segregated trust account located at all times in the United States (the Trust
Account) for the benefit of the Company and the holders of the Ordinary Shares included in the Units issued in the Offering
as hereinafter provided (the amount to be delivered to the Trustee (and any interest subsequently earned thereon) is referred to herein
as the Property, the shareholders for whose benefit the Trustee shall hold the Property will be referred to
as the Public Shareholders, and the Public Shareholders and the Company will be referred to together as the
Beneficiaries); and WHEREAS, pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, a portion of the Property equal to $10,800,000,
or $13,140,000 if the Underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full, is attributable to deferred underwriting discounts
and commissions that will be payable by the Company to the Underwriters upon and concurrently with the consummation of the Business Combination
(as defined below) (the Deferred Discount); and WHEREAS, the Company and the Trustee desire to enter into
this Agreement to set forth the terms and conditions pursuant to which the Trustee shall hold the Property.

NOW THEREFORE, IT IS AGREED:

1. Agreements and Covenants of Trustee. The Trustee hereby agrees and covenants to:

(a) Hold the Property in trust for the Beneficiaries in accordance with the terms of this Agreement in the Trust Account established by the Trustee in the United States at J.P. Morgan Chase, N.A. (or at another U.S. chartered commercial bank with consolidated assets of $100 billion or more) and at a brokerage institution selected by the Trustee that is reasonably satisfactory to the Company;

(b) Manage, supervise and administer the Trust Account subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein;

(c) In a timely manner, upon the written instruction of the Company, (i) invest and reinvest the Property solely in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act), having a maturity of 185 days or less, or in money market funds meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(1), (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act (or any successor rule), which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations or (ii) deposit the Property into an interest bearing or non-interest bearing demand deposit account at a U.S. chartered commercial bank with consolidated assets of $100 billion or more selected by the Trustee that is reasonably satisfactory to the Company; it being understood that the Trust Account will earn no interest while account funds are uninvested awaiting the Companys instructions hereunder; and while the account funds are invested or uninvested, the Trustee may earn bank credits or other consideration during such periods;

(d) Collect and receive, when due, all interest or other income arising from the Property, which shall become part of the Property, as such term is used herein;

(e) Promptly notify the Company and the Representative of all communications received by the Trustee with respect to any Property requiring action by the Company;

(f) Supply any necessary information or documents as may be requested by the Company (or its authorized agents) in connection with the Companys preparation of the tax returns relating to assets held in the Trust Account or in connection with the preparation of the Companys financial statements or completion of the audit of the Companys financial statements by the Companys auditors;

(g) Participate in any plan or proceeding for protecting or enforcing any right or interest arising from the Property if, as and when instructed by the Company to do so;

(h) Render to the Company monthly written statements of the activities of, and amounts in, the Trust Account reflecting all receipts and disbursements of the Trust Account;

(i) Commence liquidation of the Trust Account only after and promptly after (x) receipt of, and only in accordance with the terms of, a letter from the Company (Termination Letter) in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as either Exhibit A or Exhibit B, as applicable, signed on behalf of the Company by its Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Executive Vice President, Vice President, Secretary or Chairman of the board of directors of the Company (the Board) or other authorized officer of the Company, and, in the case of Exhibit A, acknowledged and agreed to by the Representative, and complete the liquidation of the Trust Account and distribute the Property in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (less taxes payable and up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), only as directed in the Termination Letter and the other documents referred to therein, or (y) upon the date which is the later of (1) 24 months after the closing of the Offering and (2) such later date as may be approved by the Companys shareholders in accordance with the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association if a Termination Letter has not been received by the Trustee prior to such date, in which case the Trust Account shall be liquidated in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Termination Letter attached as Exhibit B and the Property in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (less taxes payable and up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), shall be distributed to the Public Shareholders of record as of such date;

2

(j) Upon written request from the Company, which may be given from time to time in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as Exhibit C (a Tax Payment Withdrawal Instruction), withdraw from the Trust Account and distribute to the Company the amount of interest earned on the Property requested by the Company to cover any tax obligation owed by the Company as a result of assets of the Company or interest or other income earned on the Property, which amount shall be delivered directly to the Company by electronic funds transfer or other method of prompt payment, and the Company shall forward such payment to the relevant taxing authority so long as there is no reduction in the aggregate of the principal amount per share initially deposited in the Trust Account; provided, however, that to the extent there is not sufficient cash in the Trust Account to pay such tax obligation, the Trustee shall liquidate such assets held in the Trust Account as shall be designated by the Company in writing to make such distribution (it being acknowledged and agreed that any such amount in excess of interest income earned on the Property shall not be payable from the Trust Account). The written request of the Company referenced above shall constitute presumptive evidence that the Company is entitled to said funds, and the Trustee shall have no responsibility to look beyond said request;

(k) Upon written request from the Company, which may be given from time to time in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as Exhibit D (a Shareholder Redemption Withdrawal Instruction), the Trustee shall distribute to the Public Shareholders on behalf of the Company the amount requested by the Company to be used to redeem Ordinary Shares from Public Shareholders properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in connection with the Companys initial business combination or to redeem 100% of the Ordinary Shares included in the Units sold in the Offering (the public shares) if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination within such time as is described in the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity. The written request of the Company referenced above shall constitute presumptive evidence that the Company is entitled to distribute said funds, and the Trustee shall have no responsibility to look beyond said request; and

3

(l) Not make any withdrawals or distributions from the Trust Account other than pursuant to Section 1(i), (j) or (k) above.

2. Agreements and Covenants of the Company. The Company hereby agrees and covenants to:

(a) Give all instructions to the Trustee hereunder in writing, signed by the Companys Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Executive Vice President, Vice President or Secretary. In addition, except with respect to its duties under Sections 1(i), 1(j), and 1(k) hereof, the Trustee shall be entitled to rely on, and shall be protected in relying on, any verbal or telephonic advice or instruction which it, in good faith and with reasonable care, believes to be given by any one of the persons authorized above to give written instructions, provided that the Company shall promptly confirm such instructions in writing;

(b) Subject to Section 4 hereof, hold the Trustee harmless and indemnify the Trustee from and against any and all expenses, including reasonable counsel fees and disbursements, or losses suffered by the Trustee in connection with any action taken by it hereunder and in connection with any action, suit or other proceeding brought against the Trustee involving any claim, or in connection with any claim or demand, which in any way arises out of or relates to this Agreement, the services of the Trustee hereunder, or the Property or any interest earned on the Property, except for expenses and losses resulting from the Trustees gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct. Promptly after the receipt by the Trustee of notice of demand or claim or the commencement of any action, suit or proceeding, pursuant to which the Trustee intends to seek indemnification under this Section 2(b), it shall notify the Company in writing of such claim (hereinafter referred to as the Indemnified Claim). The Trustee shall have the right to conduct and manage the defense against such Indemnified Claim; provided that the Trustee shall obtain the consent of the Company with respect to the selection of counsel, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. The Trustee may not agree to settle any Indemnified Claim without the prior written consent of the Company, which such consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. The Company may participate in such action with its own counsel;

(c) Pay the Trustee the fees set forth on Schedule A hereto, including an initial acceptance fee, annual administration fee, and transaction processing fee which fees shall be subject to modification by the parties from time to time. It is expressly understood that the Property shall not be used to pay such fees unless and until it is distributed to the Company pursuant to Sections 1(i) through 1(k) hereof. The Company shall pay the Trustee the initial acceptance fee and the first annual administration fee at the consummation of the Offering. The Company shall not be responsible for any other fees or charges of the Trustee except as set forth in this Section 2(c), Schedule A and as may be provided in Section 2(b) hereof;

4

(d) In connection with any vote of the Companys shareholders regarding a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination involving the Company and one or more businesses (the Business Combination), provide to the Trustee an affidavit or certificate of the inspector of elections for the shareholder meeting verifying the vote of such shareholders regarding such Business Combination;

(e) Provide the Representative with a copy of any Termination Letter(s), Tax Payment Withdrawal Instruction(s), Shareholder Redemption Withdrawal Instruction(s), and/or any other correspondence that is sent to the Trustee with respect to any proposed withdrawal from the Trust Account promptly after it issues the same;

(f) Unless otherwise agreed between the Company and the Representative, ensure that any Instruction Letter (as defined in Exhibit A) delivered in connection with a Termination Letter in the form of Exhibit A expressly provides that the Deferred Discount is paid directly to the account or accounts directed by the Representative on behalf of the Underwriters prior to any transfer of the funds held in the Trust Account to the Company or any other person;

(g) Instruct the Trustee to make only those distributions that are permitted under this Agreement, and refrain from instructing the Trustee to make any distributions that are not permitted under this Agreement; and

(h) Within four (4) business days after the Underwriters exercise the over-allotment option (or any unexercised portion thereof) or such over-allotment option expires, provide the Trustee with a notice in writing of the total amount of the Deferred Discount.

3. Limitations of Liability. The Trustee shall have no responsibility or liability to:

(a) Imply obligations, perform duties, inquire or otherwise be subject to the provisions of any agreement or document other than this Agreement and that which is expressly set forth herein;

(b) Take any action with respect to the Property, other than as directed in Section 1 hereof, and the Trustee shall have no liability to any third party except for liability arising out of the Trustees gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct;

(c) Institute any proceeding for the collection of any principal and income arising from, or institute, appear in or defend any proceeding of any kind with respect to, any of the Property unless and until it shall have received instructions from the Company given as provided herein to do so and the Company shall have advanced or guaranteed to it funds sufficient to pay any expenses incident thereto;

(d) Refund any depreciation in principal of any Property;

(e) Assume that the authority of any person designated by the Company to give instructions hereunder shall not be continuing unless provided otherwise in such designation, or unless the Company shall have delivered a written revocation of such authority to the Trustee;

5

(f) The other parties hereto or to anyone else for any action taken or omitted by it, or any action suffered by it to be taken or omitted, in good faith and in the Trustees best judgment, except for the Trustees gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct. The Trustee may rely conclusively and shall be protected in acting upon any order, notice, demand, certificate, opinion or advice of counsel (including counsel chosen by the Trustee, which counsel may be the Companys counsel), statement, instrument, report or other paper or document (not only as to its due execution and the validity and effectiveness of its provisions, but also as to the truth and acceptability of any information therein contained) which the Trustee believes, in good faith and with reasonable care, to be genuine and to be signed or presented by the proper person or persons. The Trustee shall not be bound by any notice or demand, or any waiver, modification, termination or rescission of this Agreement or any of the terms hereof, unless evidenced by a written instrument delivered to the Trustee, signed by the proper party or parties and, if the duties or rights of the Trustee are affected, unless it shall give its prior written consent thereto;

(g) Verify the accuracy of the information contained in the Registration Statement;

(h) Provide any assurance that any Business Combination entered into by the Company or any other action taken by the Company is as contemplated by the Registration Statement;

(i) File information returns with respect to the Trust Account with any local, state or federal taxing authority or provide periodic written statements to the Company documenting the taxes payable by the Company, if any, relating to any interest income earned on the Property;

(j) Prepare, execute and file tax reports, income or other tax returns and pay any taxes with respect to any income generated by, and activities relating to, the Trust Account, regardless of whether such tax is payable by the Trust Account or the Company, including, but not limited to, tax obligations, except pursuant to Section 1(j) hereof; or

(k) Verify calculations, qualify or otherwise approve the Companys written requests for distributions pursuant to Sections 1(i), 1(j), or 1(k) hereof.

4. Trust Account Waiver. The Trustee has no right of set-off or any right, title, interest or claim of any kind (Claim) to, or to any monies in, the Trust Account, and hereby irrevocably waives any Claim to, or to any monies in, the Trust Account that it may have now or in the future. In the event the Trustee has any Claim against the Company under this Agreement, including, without limitation, under Section 2(b) or Section 2(c) hereof, the Trustee shall pursue such Claim solely against the Company and its assets outside the Trust Account and not against the Property or any monies in the Trust Account.

6

5. Termination. This Agreement shall terminate as follows:

(a) If the Trustee gives written notice to the Company that it desires to resign under this Agreement, the Company shall use its reasonable efforts to locate a successor trustee, pending which the Trustee shall continue to act in accordance with this Agreement. At such time that the Company notifies the Trustee that a successor trustee has been appointed and has agreed to become subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Trustee shall transfer the management of the Trust Account to the successor trustee, including but not limited to the transfer of copies of the reports and statements relating to the Trust Account, whereupon this Agreement shall terminate; provided, however, that in the event that the Company does not locate a successor trustee within ninety (90) days of receipt of the resignation notice from the Trustee, the Trustee may submit an application to have the Property deposited with any court in the State of New York or with the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York and upon such deposit, the Trustee shall be immune from any liability whatsoever; or

(b) At such time that
the Trustee has completed the liquidation of the Trust Account and its obligations in accordance with the provisions of Section 1(i)
hereof and distributed the Property in accordance with the provisions of the Termination Letter, this Agreement shall terminate except
with respect to Section 2(b).

6. Miscellaneous.

(a) The Company and the Trustee each acknowledge that the Trustee will follow the security procedures set forth below with respect to funds transferred from the Trust Account. The Company and the Trustee will each restrict access to confidential information relating to such security procedures to authorized persons. Each party must notify the other party immediately if it has reason to believe unauthorized persons may have obtained access to such confidential information, or of any change in its authorized personnel. In executing funds transfers, the Trustee shall rely upon all information supplied to it by the Company, including, account names, account numbers, and all other identifying information relating to a Beneficiary, Beneficiarys bank or intermediary bank. Except for any liability arising out of the Trustees gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct, the Trustee shall not be liable for any loss, liability or expense resulting from any error in the information or transmission of the funds.

(b) This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. This Agreement may be executed in several original or facsimile counterparts, each one of which shall constitute an original, and together shall constitute but one instrument.

7

(c) This Agreement contains the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. Except for Section 1(i), 1(j), and 1(k) hereof (which sections may not be modified, amended or deleted without the affirmative vote of two-thirds of the then-outstanding Ordinary Shares and Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share of the Company, which are represented in person or by proxy and are voted at a general meeting of the Company, voting together as a single class; provided that no such amendment will affect any Public Shareholder who has properly elected to redeem his or her Ordinary Shares in connection with a shareholder vote to amend this Agreement (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in connection with the Companys initial business combination or to redeem 100% of its public shares if the Company does not complete its initial Business Combination within the time frame specified in the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity), this Agreement or any provision hereof may only be changed, amended or modified (other than to correct a typographical error) by a writing signed by each of the parties hereto.

(d) The parties hereto consent to the jurisdiction and venue of any state or federal court located in the City of New York, State of New York, for purposes of resolving any disputes hereunder. AS TO ANY CLAIM, CROSS-CLAIM OR COUNTERCLAIM IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, EACH PARTY WAIVES THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY.

(e) Any notice, consent or request to be given in connection with any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be sent by express mail or similar private courier service, by certified mail (return receipt requested), by hand delivery or by electronic mail:

if to the Trustee, to:

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, New York 10004

Attn: Francis Wolf & Celeste Gonzalez

Email:
fwolf@continentalstock.com

cgonzalez@continentalstock.com

if to the Company, to:

Titan Acquisition Corp.

131 Concord Street

Brooklyn, New York 11201

Attention: Adeel Rouf

in each case, with copies to:

Winston & Strawn LLP

800 Capitol Street STE 2400

Houston, TX 77002

Attn: Michael J. Blankenship

Email:
mblankenship@winston.com

8

And

Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP

1345 Avenue of the Americas

New York, New York 10166

Attn: Stuart Neuhauser

Email: sneuhauser@egsllp.com

(f) Each of the Company and the Trustee hereby represents that it has the full right and power and has been duly authorized to enter into this Agreement and to perform its respective obligations as contemplated hereunder. The Trustee acknowledges and agrees that it shall not make any claims or proceed against the Trust Account, including by way of set-off, and shall not be entitled to any funds in the Trust Account under any circumstance.

(g) This Agreement is the joint product of the Trustee and the Company and each provision hereof has been subject to the mutual consultation, negotiation and agreement of such parties and shall not be construed for or against any party hereto.

(h) This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of a signed counterpart of this Agreement by facsimile or electronic transmission shall constitute valid and sufficient delivery thereof.

(i) Each of the Company and the Trustee hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Representative on behalf of the Underwriters are third-party beneficiaries of this Agreement.

(j) Except as specified herein, no party to this Agreement may assign its rights or delegate its obligations hereunder to any other person or entity without the prior written consent of the other.

[Signature Page Follows]

9

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have duly executed this Investment Management Trust Agreement as of the date first written above.

CONTINENTAL STOCK
TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY,

as Trustee

By: /s/ Fran Wolf

Name: Fran Wolf

Title: Vice President

TITAN ACQUISITION CORP.

By: /s/ Adeel Rouf

Name: Adeel Rouf

Title: Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to Investment
Management Trust Agreement]

10

SCHEDULE A

Fee Item Time and method of payment Amount 

Initial set-up fee Initial closing of Offering by wire transfer. $ 3,500.00 

Trustee administration fee Payable annually. First year fee payable, at initial closing of Offering by wire transfer, thereafter by wire transfer or check $ 10,000.00 

Transaction processing fee for disbursements to Company under Section 1 Billed to Company following disbursement made to Company under Section 1 $ 250.00 

Paying Agent services as required pursuant to Section 1(i), 1(j) and 1(k) Billed to Company upon delivery of service pursuant to Section 1(i), 1(j) and 1(k) Prevailing rates 

Sch. A-1

EXHIBIT A

[Letterhead of Company]

[Insert date]

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company 1 State Street, 30th Floor New York, New York 10004 Attn: Francis Wolf & Celeste Gonzalez

Re: Trust Account - Termination Letter

Dear Mr. Wolf & Ms. Gonzalez,

Pursuant to Section 1(i) of the Investment Management Trust Agreement between Titan Acquisition Corp. (the Company) and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company (Trustee), dated as of April 8, 2025 (the Trust Agreement), this is to advise you that the Company has entered into an agreement with ______________________ (the Target Business) to consummate a business combination with Target Business (the Business Combination) on or about [Insert date]. The Company shall notify you at least seventy-two (72) hours in advance of the actual date (or such shorter period as you may agree) of the consummation of the Business Combination (the Consummation Date). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement.

In accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement, the Company hereby authorizes you to commence to liquidate all of the assets of the Trust Account, and to transfer the proceeds to a segregated account held by you on behalf of the Beneficiaries to the effect that, on the Consummation Date, all of the funds held in the Trust Operating Account will be immediately available for transfer to the account or accounts that the Company shall direct on the Consummation Date (including as directed to it by the Representative on behalf of the Underwriters (with respect to the Deferred Discount)).

On the Consummation Date (i) counsel for the Company shall deliver to you written notification that the Business Combination has been consummated, or will be consummated concurrently with your transfer of funds to the accounts as directed by the Company (the Notification), and (ii) the Company shall deliver to you (a) a certificate by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer, which verifies that the Business Combination has been approved by a vote of the Companys shareholders, if a vote is held and (b) a joint written instruction signed by the Company and the Representative with respect to the transfer of the funds held in the Trust Operating Account, including payment of amounts owed to public shareholders who have properly exercised their redemption rights and payment of the Deferred Discount directly to the account or accounts directed by the Representative from the Trust Account (the Instruction Letter). You are hereby directed and authorized to transfer the funds held in the Trust Account immediately upon your receipt of the Notification and the Instruction Letter, in accordance with the terms of the Instruction Letter. In the event that certain deposits held in the Trust Account may not be liquidated by the Consummation Date without penalty, you will notify the Company in writing of the same and the Company shall direct you as to whether such funds should remain in the Trust Account and be distributed after the Consummation Date to the Company. Upon the distribution of all the funds, net of any payments necessary for reasonable unreimbursed expenses related to liquidating the Trust Account, your obligations under the Trust Agreement shall be terminated.

A-1

In the event that the Business
Combination is not consummated on the Consummation Date described in the notice thereof and the Company has not notified you on or before
the original Consummation Date of a new Consummation Date, then upon receipt by the Trustee of written instructions from the Company,
the funds held in the Trust Account shall be reinvested as provided in Section 1(c) of the Trust Agreement on the business day immediately
following the Consummation Date as set forth in such notice as soon thereafter as possible.

Very truly yours,

Titan Acquisition Corp.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Agreed and acknowledged by:

Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

A-2

EXHIBIT B

[Letterhead of Company]

[Insert date]

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company 1 State Street, 30th Floor New York, New York 10004 Attn: Francis Wolf & Celeste Gonzalez

Re: Trust Account - Termination Letter

Dear Mr. Wolf & Ms. Gonzalez,

Pursuant to Section 1(i) of the Investment Management Trust Agreement between Titan Acquisition Corp. (the Company) and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company (the Trustee), dated as of April 8, 2025 (the Trust Agreement), this is to advise you that the Company has been unable to effect a business combination with a Target Business (the Business Combination) within the time frame specified in the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association or on such earlier date as determined by the Companys Board of Directors, [the Companys Board of Directors has determined to terminate the period in which the Company must consummate a Business Combination on [Insert date]], as described in the Companys Prospectus relating to the Offering. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement.

In accordance with the terms
of the Trust Agreement, the Company hereby authorizes you to liquidate all of the assets in the Trust Account and to transfer the total
proceeds into a segregated account held by you on behalf of the Beneficiaries to await distribution to the Public Shareholders. The Company
has selected _______________1 as the effective date for the purpose of determining when the Public Shareholders will be entitled
to receive their share of the liquidation proceeds. You agree to be the Paying Agent of record and, in your separate capacity as Paying
Agent, agree to distribute said funds directly to the Companys Public Shareholders in accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement
and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. Upon the distribution of all the funds, net of any payments necessary
for reasonable unreimbursed expenses related to liquidating the Trust Account, your obligations under the Trust Agreement shall be terminated,
except to the extent otherwise provided in Section 1(i) of the Trust Agreement.

Very truly yours,

Titan Acquisition Corp.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

cc: Cantor Fitzgerald & Co.

1 18 months from the closing of the Offering, or at a later date, if extended.

B-1

EXHIBIT C

[Letterhead of Company]

[Insert date]

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company 1 State Street, 30th Floor New York, New York 10004 Attn: Francis Wolf & Celeste Gonzalez

Re: Trust Account - Tax Payment Withdrawal Instruction

Dear Mr. Wolf & Ms. Gonzalez,

Pursuant to Section 1(j)
of the Investment Management Trust Agreement between Titan Acquisition Corp. (the Company) and Continental
Stock Transfer & Trust Company (the Trustee), dated as of April 8, 2025 (the Trust
Agreement), the Company hereby requests that you deliver to the Company $____________ of the interest income earned on
the Property as of the date hereof. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement.

The Company needs such funds to pay for the tax obligations. In accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement, you are hereby directed and authorized to transfer (via wire transfer) such funds promptly upon your receipt of this letter to the Companys operating account at:

[WIRE INSTRUCTION INFORMATION]

Very truly yours,

Titan Acquisition Corp.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

cc: Cantor Fitzgerald & Co.

C-1

EXHIBIT D

[Letterhead of Company]

[Insert date]

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company 1 State Street, 30th Floor New York, New York 10004 Attn: Francis Wolf & Celeste Gonzalez

Re: Trust Account - Shareholder Redemption Withdrawal Instruction

Dear Mr. Wolf & Ms. Gonzalez,

Pursuant to Section 1(k) of the Investment Management Trust Agreement between Titan Acquisition Corp. (the Company) and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company (the Trustee), dated as of April 8, 2025 (the Trust Agreement), the Company hereby requests that you deliver to the redeeming Public Shareholders of the Company $____________ of the principal and interest income earned on the Property as of the date hereof to a segregated account held by you on behalf of the Beneficiaries for distribution to the Public Shareholders who have requested redemption of their Ordinary Shares. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement.

The Company needs such funds to pay its Public Shareholders who have properly elected to have their Ordinary Shares redeemed by the Company in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in connection with the Companys initial business combination or to redeem 100% of its public Ordinary Shares if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination within such time as is described in the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity. As such, you are hereby directed and authorized to transfer (via wire transfer) such funds promptly upon your receipt of this letter.

Very truly yours,

Titan Acquisition Corp.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

cc: Cantor Fitzgerald & Co.

D-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>titanacq_ex10-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

Execution Version

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

THIS REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT
(this Agreement), dated as of April 8, 2025, is made and entered into by and among Titan Acquisition
Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), Titan Acquisition Sponsor Holdco LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company (the Sponsor), Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. and Odeon Capital Group LLC (collectively
the Underwriters and together with the Sponsor, the Purchasers) and each of the
undersigned parties listed on the signature page hereto under Holders (each such party, together with the
Sponsor and any person or entity who hereafter becomes a party to this Agreement pursuant to Section 5.2 of this Agreement, a Holder
and collectively the Holders).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Company
has 6,900,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share (the Founder Shares), issued and outstanding,
up to 900,000 of which will be surrendered to the Company for no consideration depending on the extent to which the underwriters of the
Companys initial public offering exercise their over-allotment option;

WHEREAS, the Founder Shares are convertible into Class A ordinary shares of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (the Ordinary Shares), on the terms and conditions provided in the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association;

WHEREAS, the Company
and the Sponsor entered into that certain Sponsor Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement (the Sponsor Private Placement
Warrants Purchase Agreement), pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed to purchase an aggregate of 5,600,000 private placement
warrants (or up to 5,780,000 private placement warrants if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full) (the Sponsor
Private Placement Warrants) in a private placement transaction occurring simultaneously with the closing of the Companys
initial public offering;

WHEREAS, on the date
hereof, the Company and the Underwriters entered into that certain Underwriters Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement (the Underwriters
Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement and together with the Sponsor Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement,
the Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreements), pursuant to which the Underwriters agreed to purchase
an aggregate of 2,400,000 private placement warrants (the Underwriter Private Placement Warrants and together
with the Sponsor Private Placement Warrants, the Private Placement Warrants) in a private placement transaction
occurring simultaneously with the closing of the Companys initial public offering;

WHEREAS, the Company and the Holders desire to enter into this Agreement, pursuant to which the Company shall grant the Holders certain registration rights with respect to certain securities of the Company, as set forth in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the representations, covenants and agreements contained herein, and certain other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS

1.1 Definitions. The terms defined in this Article I shall, for all purposes of this Agreement, have the respective meanings set forth below:

Adverse Disclosure shall mean any public disclosure of material non-public information, which disclosure, in the good faith judgment of the Chief Executive Officer or principal financial officer of the Company, after consultation with counsel to the Company, (i) would be required to be made in any Registration Statement or Prospectus in order for the applicable Registration Statement or Prospectus not to contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained therein (in the case of any prospectus and any preliminary prospectus, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading, (ii) would not be required to be made at such time if the Registration Statement were not being filed, and (iii) the Company has a bona fide business purpose for not making such information public.

Agreement shall have the meaning given in the Preamble.

Board shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company.

Business Combination shall mean any merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses, involving the Company.

Commission shall mean the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Company shall have the meaning given in the Preamble.

Demand Registration shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.1.

Demanding Holder shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.1.

Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as it may be amended from time to time.

Form S-1 shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.1.

Form S-3 shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.3.

Founder Shares shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto and shall be deemed to include the Ordinary Shares issuable upon conversion thereof.

Founder Shares Lock-up Period shall mean the period ending six months after the completion of the Companys initial Business Combination.

Holders shall have the meaning given in the Preamble.

2

Insider Letter shall mean that certain letter agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among the Company, the Sponsor and each of the Companys officers and directors.

Maximum Number of Securities shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.4.

Misstatement shall mean an untrue statement of a material fact or an omission to state a material fact required to be stated in a Registration Statement or Prospectus, or necessary to make the statements in a Registration Statement or Prospectus (in the case of a Prospectus, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading.

Ordinary Shares shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Permitted Transferees shall mean any person or entity to whom a Holder of Registrable Securities is permitted to transfer such Registrable Securities prior to the expiration of the Founder Shares Lock-up Period, Private Placement Lock-up Period or any other lock-up period, as the case may be, under the Insider Letter, the Warrant Subscription Agreement, this Agreement and any other applicable agreement between such Holder and the Company, and to any transferee thereafter.

Piggyback Registration shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.2.1.

Private Placement Lock-up Period shall mean the period ending 30 days after the completion of the Companys initial Business Combination.

Private Placement Warrants shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Pro Rata shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.4.

Prospectus shall mean the prospectus included in any Registration Statement, as supplemented by any and all prospectus supplements and as amended by any and all post-effective amendments and including all material incorporated by reference in such prospectus.

Registrable Security shall mean (a) the Founder Shares and the Ordinary Shares issued or issuable upon the conversion of any Founder Shares, (b) the Private Placement Warrants and Ordinary Shares issuable on exercise of the Private Placement Warrants, (c) any outstanding Ordinary Shares or any other equity security (including the Ordinary Shares issued or issuable upon the exercise of any other equity security) of the Company held by a Holder as of the date of this Agreement, (d) any Working Capital Warrants and Ordinary Shares issuable on exercise of the Working Capital Warrants, and (e) any other equity security of the Company issued or issuable with respect to any such Ordinary Share by way of a share capitalization or share split or in connection with a combination of shares, recapitalization, merger, consolidation or reorganization; provided, however, that, as to any particular Registrable Security, such securities shall cease to be Registrable Securities when: (A) a Registration Statement with respect to the sale of such securities shall have become effective under the Securities Act and such securities shall have been sold, transferred, disposed of or exchanged in accordance with such Registration Statement; (B) such securities shall have been otherwise transferred, new certificates for such securities not bearing a legend restricting further transfer shall have been delivered by the Company and subsequent public distribution of such securities shall not require registration under the Securities Act; (C) such securities shall have ceased to be outstanding; (D) such securities may be sold without registration pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission) (but with no volume or other restrictions or limitations); or (E) such securities have been sold to, or through, a broker, dealer or underwriter in a public distribution or other public securities transaction.

3

Registration shall mean a registration effected by preparing and filing a registration statement or similar document in compliance with the requirements of the Securities Act, and the applicable rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and such registration statement becoming effective.

Registration Expenses shall mean the out-of-pocket expenses of a Registration, including, without limitation, the following:

(A) all registration and filing fees (including fees with respect to filings required to be made with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.) and any securities exchange on which the Ordinary Shares are then listed;

(B) fees and expenses of compliance with securities or blue sky laws (including reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Underwriters in connection with blue sky qualifications of Registrable Securities);

(C) printing, messenger, telephone and delivery expenses;

(D) reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company;

(E) reasonable fees and disbursements of all independent registered public accountants of the Company incurred specifically in connection with such Registration; and (F) reasonable fees and expenses of one (1) legal counsel selected by the majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders initiating a Demand Registration to be registered for offer and sale in the applicable Registration.

Registration Statement shall mean any registration statement that covers the Registrable Securities pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement, including the Prospectus included in such registration statement, amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to such registration statement, and all exhibits to and all material incorporated by reference in such registration statement.

Requesting Holder shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.1.

Securities Act shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time.

Sponsor shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Underwriter shall mean a securities dealer who purchases any Registrable Securities as principal in an Underwritten Offering and not as part of such dealers market-making activities.

4

Underwritten Registration or Underwritten Offering shall mean a Registration in which securities of the Company are sold to an Underwriter in a firm commitment underwriting for distribution to the public.

Warrant Subscription Agreement shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Working Capital Warrants shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

ARTICLE II

REGISTRATIONS

2.1 Demand Registration.

2.1.1 Request for Registration. Subject to the provisions of subsection 2.1.4 and Section 2.4 hereof, at any time and from time to time on or after the date the Company consummates the Business Combination, (i) the Holders of a majority of the then-outstanding number of Registrable Securities or (ii) Cantor and Odeon or their Permitted Transferees (collectively, the Demanding Holders) may make a written demand for Registration of all or part of their Registrable Securities, which written demand shall describe the amount and type of securities to be included in such Registration and the intended method(s) of distribution thereof (such written demand a Demand Registration). The Company shall, within ten (10) days of the Companys receipt of the Demand Registration, notify, in writing, all other Holders of Registrable Securities of such demand, and each Holder of Registrable Securities who thereafter wishes to include all or a portion of such Holders Registrable Securities in a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration (each such Holder that includes all or a portion of such Holders Registrable Securities in such Registration, a Requesting Holder) shall so notify the Company, in writing, within five (5) days after the receipt by the Holder of the notice from the Company. Upon receipt by the Company of any such written notification from a Requesting Holder(s) to the Company, such Requesting Holder(s) shall be entitled to have their Registrable Securities included in a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration and the Company shall effect, as soon thereafter as practicable, but not more than forty five (45) days immediately after the Companys receipt of the Demand Registration, the Registration of all Registrable Securities requested by the Demanding Holder(s) and Requesting Holder(s) pursuant to such Demand Registration, including by filing a Registration Statement relating thereto as soon as practicable. Under no circumstances shall the Company be obligated to effect more than an aggregate of three (3) Registrations pursuant to a Demand Registration under this subsection 2.1.1 with respect to any or all Registrable Securities, including one (1) Demand Registration on behalf of Cantor and Odeon or their Permitted Transferees provided, however, that a Registration shall not be counted for such purposes unless a Form S-1 or any similar long-form registration statement that may be available at such time (Form S-1) has become effective and all of the Registrable Securities requested by the Requesting Holders to be registered on behalf of the Requesting Holders in such Form S-1 Registration have been sold, in accordance with Section 3.1 of this Agreement.

5

2.1.2 Effective Registration.
Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection 2.1.1 above or any other part of this Agreement, a Registration pursuant to
a Demand Registration shall not count as a Registration unless and until (i) the Registration Statement filed with the Commission with
respect to a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration has been declared effective by the Commission and (ii) the Company has complied
with all of its obligations under this Agreement with respect thereto; provided, further, that if, after such Registration Statement
has been declared effective, an offering of Registrable Securities in a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration is subsequently
interfered with by any stop order or injunction of the Commission, federal or state court or any other governmental agency the Registration
Statement with respect to such Registration shall be deemed not to have been declared effective, unless and until, (i) such stop order
or injunction is removed, rescinded or otherwise terminated, and (ii) a majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders initiating such
Demand Registration thereafter affirmatively elect to continue with such Registration and accordingly notify the Company in writing,
but in no event later than five (5) days, of such election; and provided, further, that the Company shall not be obligated or required
to file another Registration Statement until the Registration Statement that has been previously filed with respect to a Registration
pursuant to a Demand Registration becomes effective or is subsequently terminated. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Cantor and Odeon may
not exercise demand registration rights after five (5) years from the commencement of sales in the Companys initial public offering,
and may not exercise their demand rights on more than one occasion.

2.1.3 Underwritten Offering. Subject to the provisions of subsection 2.1.4 and Section 2.4 hereof, if a majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders so advise the Company as part of their Demand Registration that the offering of the Registrable Securities pursuant to such Demand Registration shall be in the form of an Underwritten Offering, then the right of such Demanding Holder or Requesting Holder (if any) to include its Registrable Securities in such Registration shall be conditioned upon such Holders participation in such Underwritten Offering and the inclusion of such Holders Registrable Securities in such Underwritten Offering to the extent provided herein. All such Holders proposing to distribute their Registrable Securities through an Underwritten Offering under this subsection 2.1.3 shall enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the Underwriter(s) selected for such Underwritten Offering by the majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders initiating the Demand Registration.

2.1.4 Reduction of Underwritten Offering. If the managing Underwriter or Underwriters in an Underwritten Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration, in good faith, advises the Company, the Demanding Holders and the Requesting Holders (if any) in writing that the dollar amount or number of Registrable Securities that the Demanding Holders and the Requesting Holders (if any) desire to sell, taken together with all other Ordinary Shares or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell and the Ordinary Shares, if any, as to which a Registration has been requested pursuant to separate written contractual piggy-back registration rights held by any other shareholders who desire to sell, exceeds the maximum dollar amount or maximum number of equity securities that can be sold in the Underwritten Offering without adversely affecting the proposed offering price, the timing, the distribution method, or the probability of success of such offering (such maximum dollar amount or maximum number of such securities, as applicable, the Maximum Number of Securities), then the Company shall include in such Underwritten Offering, as follows: (i) first, the Registrable Securities of the Demanding Holders and the Requesting Holders (if any) (pro rata based on the respective number of Registrable Securities that each Demanding Holder and Requesting Holder (if any) has requested be included in such Underwritten Registration and the aggregate number of Registrable Securities that the Demanding Holders and Requesting Holders have requested be included in such Underwritten Registration (such proportion is referred to herein as Pro Rata)) that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (ii) second, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause (i), the Registrable Securities of Holders (Pro Rata, based on the respective number of Registrable Securities that each Holder has so requested) exercising their rights to register their Registrable Securities pursuant to subsection 2.2.1 hereof, without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (iii) third, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii), the Ordinary Shares or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; and (iv) fourth, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (i), (ii) and (iii), the Ordinary Shares or other equity securities of other persons or entities that the Company is obligated to register in a Registration pursuant to separate written contractual arrangements with such persons and that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities.

6

2.1.5 Demand Registration Withdrawal. A majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders initiating a Demand Registration or a majority-in-interest of the Requesting Holders (if any), pursuant to a Registration under subsection 2.1.1 shall have the right to withdraw from a Registration pursuant to such Demand Registration for any or no reason whatsoever upon written notification to the Company and the Underwriter or Underwriters (if any) of their intention to withdraw from such Registration prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement filed with the Commission with respect to the Registration of their Registrable Securities pursuant to such Demand Registration. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Company shall be responsible for the Registration Expenses incurred in connection with a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration prior to its withdrawal under this subsection 2.1.5.

2.2 Piggyback Registration.

2.2.1 Piggyback Rights. If, at any time on or after the date the Company consummates a Business Combination, the Company proposes to file a Registration Statement under the Securities Act with respect to an offering of equity securities, or securities or other obligations exercisable or exchangeable for, or convertible into equity securities, for its own account or for the account of shareholders of the Company (or by the Company and by the shareholders of the Company including, without limitation, pursuant to Section 2.1 hereof), other than a Registration Statement (i) filed in connection with any employee share option or other benefit plan, (ii) for an exchange offer or offering of securities solely to the Companys existing shareholders, (iii) for an offering of debt that is convertible into equity securities of the Company or (iv) for a dividend reinvestment plan, then the Company shall give written notice of such proposed filing to all of the Holders of Registrable Securities as soon as practicable but not less than ten (10) days before the anticipated filing date of such Registration Statement, which notice shall (A) describe the amount and type of securities to be included in such offering, the intended method(s) of distribution, and the name of the proposed managing Underwriter or Underwriters, if any, in such offering, and (B) offer to all of the Holders of Registrable Securities the opportunity to register the sale of such number of Registrable Securities as such Holders may request in writing within five (5) days after receipt of such written notice (such Registration a Piggyback Registration). The Company shall, in good faith, cause such Registrable Securities to be included in such Piggyback Registration and shall use its best efforts to cause the managing Underwriter or Underwriters of a proposed Underwritten Offering to permit the Registrable Securities requested by the Holders pursuant to this subsection 2.2.1 to be included in a Piggyback Registration on the same terms and conditions as any similar securities of the Company included in such Registration and to permit the sale or other disposition of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution thereof. All such Holders proposing to distribute their Registrable Securities through an Underwritten Offering under this subsection 2.2.1 shall enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the Underwriter(s) selected for such Underwritten Offering by the Company.

7

2.2.2 Reduction of Piggyback
Registration. If the managing Underwriter or Underwriters in an Underwritten Registration that is to be a Piggyback Registration,
in good faith, advises the Company and the Holders of Registrable Securities participating in the Piggyback Registration in writing that
the dollar amount or number of the Ordinary Shares that the Company desires to sell, taken together with (i) the Ordinary Shares, if
any, as to which Registration has been demanded pursuant to separate written contractual arrangements with persons or entities other
than the Holders of Registrable Securities hereunder (ii) the Registrable Securities as to which registration has been requested pursuant
to Section 2.2 hereof, and (iii) the Ordinary Shares, if any, as to which Registration has been requested pursuant to separate written
contractual piggyback registration rights of other shareholders of the Company, exceeds the Maximum Number of Securities, then:

(a) If the Registration is undertaken for the Companys account, the Company shall include in any such Registration (A) first, the Ordinary Shares or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (B) second, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause (A), the Registrable Securities of Holders exercising their rights to register their Registrable Securities pursuant to subsection 2.2.1 hereof (pro rata based on the respective number of Registrable Securities that such Holder has requested be included in such Registration), which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; and (C) third, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A) and (B), the Ordinary Shares, if any, as to which Registration has been requested pursuant to written contractual piggy-back registration rights of other shareholders of the Company, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities;

(b) If the Registration is pursuant to a request by persons or entities other than the Holders of Registrable Securities, then the Company shall include in any such Registration (A) first, the Ordinary Shares or other equity securities, if any, of such requesting persons or entities, other than the Holders of Registrable Securities, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (B) second, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause (A), the Registrable Securities of Holders exercising their rights to register their Registrable Securities pursuant to subsection 2.2.1, pro rata based on the respective number of Registrable Securities that each Holder has requested be included in such Registration and the aggregate number of Registrable Securities that the Holders have requested to be included in such Registration, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (C) third, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A) and (B), the Ordinary Shares or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; and (D) fourth, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A), (B) and (C), the Ordinary Shares or other equity securities for the account of other persons or entities that the Company is obligated to register pursuant to separate written contractual arrangements with such persons or entities, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities.

8

2.2.3 Piggyback Registration Withdrawal. Any Holder of Registrable Securities shall have the right to withdraw from a Piggyback Registration for any or no reason whatsoever upon written notification to the Company and the Underwriter or Underwriters (if any) of his, her or its intention to withdraw from such Piggyback Registration prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement filed with the Commission with respect to such Piggyback Registration. The Company (whether on its own good faith determination or as the result of a request for withdrawal by persons pursuant to separate written contractual obligations) may withdraw a Registration Statement filed with the Commission in connection with a Piggyback Registration at any time prior to the effectiveness of such Registration Statement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Company shall be responsible for the Registration Expenses incurred in connection with the Piggyback Registration prior to its withdrawal under this subsection 2.2.3.

2.2.4 Unlimited Piggyback Registration Rights. For purposes of clarity, any Registration effected pursuant to Section 2.2 hereof shall not be counted as a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration effected under Section 2.1 hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Cantor and Odeon may not exercise their piggyback registration rights after seven (7) years from the effective date of the Companys initial public offering.

2.3 Registrations on Form S-3. The Holders of Registrable Securities may at any time, and from time to time, request in writing that the Company, pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission), register the resale of any or all of their Registrable Securities on Form S-3 or any similar short form registration statement that may be available at such time (Form S-3); provided, however, that the Company shall not be obligated to effect such request through an Underwritten Offering. Within five (5) days of the Companys receipt of a written request from a Holder or Holders of Registrable Securities for a Registration on Form S-3, the Company shall promptly give written notice of the proposed Registration on Form S-3 to all other Holders of Registrable Securities, and each Holder of Registrable Securities who thereafter wishes to include all or a portion of such Holders Registrable Securities in such Registration on Form S-3 shall so notify the Company, in writing, within five (5) days after the receipt by the Holder of the notice from the Company. As soon as practicable thereafter, but not more than twelve (12) days after the Companys initial receipt of such written request for a Registration on Form S-3, the Company shall register all or such portion of such Holders Registrable Securities as are specified in such written request, together with all or such portion of Registrable Securities of any other Holder or Holders joining in such request as are specified in the written notification given by such Holder or Holders; provided, however, that the Company shall not be obligated to effect any such Registration pursuant to Section 2.3 hereof if (i) a Form S-3 is not available for such offering; or (ii) the Holders of Registrable Securities, together with the Holders of any other equity securities of the Company entitled to inclusion in such Registration, propose to sell the Registrable Securities and such other equity securities (if any) at any aggregate price to the public of less than $10,000,000.

9

2.4 Restrictions on Registration Rights. If (A) during the period starting with the date sixty (60) days prior to the Companys good faith estimate of the date of the filing of, and ending on a date one hundred and twenty (120) days after the effective date of, a Company initiated Registration and provided that the Company has delivered written notice to the Holders prior to receipt of a Demand Registration pursuant to subsection 2.1.1 and it continues to actively employ, in good faith, all reasonable efforts to cause the applicable Registration Statement to become effective; (B) the Holders have requested an Underwritten Registration and the Company and the Holders are unable to obtain the commitment of underwriters to firmly underwrite the offer; or (C) in the good faith judgment of the Board such Registration would be seriously detrimental to the Company and the Board concludes as a result that it is essential to defer the filing of such Registration Statement at such time, then in each case the Company shall furnish to such Holders a certificate signed by the Chairman of the Board stating that in the good faith judgment of the Board it would be seriously detrimental to the Company for such Registration Statement to be filed in the near future and that it is therefore essential to defer the filing of such Registration Statement. In such event, the Company shall have the right to defer such filing for a period of not more than thirty (30) days. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Company shall not be required to effect or permit any Registration or cause any Registration Statement to become effective, with respect to any Registrable Securities held by any Holder, until after the expiration of the Founder Shares Lock-up Period or the Private Placement Lock-up Period, as the case may be.

ARTICLE III

COMPANY PROCEDURES

3.1 General Procedures. If at any time on or after the date the Company consummates a Business Combination the Company is required to effect the Registration of Registrable Securities, the Company shall use its best efforts to effect such Registration to permit the sale of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended plan of distribution thereof, and pursuant thereto the Company shall, as expeditiously as possible:

3.1.1 prepare and file with the Commission as soon as practicable a Registration Statement with respect to such Registrable Securities and use its reasonable best efforts to cause such Registration Statement to become effective and remain effective until all Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement have been sold;

3.1.2 prepare and file with the Commission such amendments and post-effective amendments to the Registration Statement, and such supplements to the Prospectus, as may be requested by the Holders or any Underwriter of Registrable Securities or as may be required by the rules, regulations or instructions applicable to the registration form used by the Company or by the Securities Act or rules and regulations thereunder to keep the Registration Statement effective until all Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement are sold in accordance with the intended plan of distribution set forth in such Registration Statement or supplement to the Prospectus;

10

3.1.3 prior to filing a Registration Statement or Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto, furnish without charge to the Underwriters, if any, and the Holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration, and such Holders legal counsel, copies of such Registration Statement as proposed to be filed, each amendment and supplement to such Registration Statement (in each case including all exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein), the Prospectus included in such Registration Statement (including each preliminary Prospectus), and such other documents as the Underwriters and the Holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration or the legal counsel for any such Holders may request in order to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable Securities owned by such Holders;

3.1.4 prior to any public offering of Registrable Securities, use its best efforts to (i) register or qualify the Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement under such securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions in the United States as the Holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement (in light of their intended plan of distribution) may request and (ii) take such action necessary to cause such Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement to be registered with or approved by such other governmental authorities as may be necessary by virtue of the business and operations of the Company and do any and all other acts and things that may be necessary or advisable to enable the Holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement to consummate the disposition of such Registrable Securities in such jurisdictions; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to qualify generally to do business in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to qualify or take any action to which it would be subject to general service of process or taxation in any such jurisdiction where it is not then otherwise so subject;

3.1.5 cause all such Registrable Securities to be listed on each securities exchange or automated quotation system on which similar securities issued by the Company are then listed;

3.1.6 provide a transfer agent or warrant agent, as applicable, and registrar for all such Registrable Securities no later than the effective date of such Registration Statement;

3.1.7 advise each seller of such Registrable Securities, promptly after it shall receive notice or obtain knowledge thereof, of the issuance of any stop order by the Commission suspending the effectiveness of such Registration Statement or the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose and promptly use its reasonable best efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order or to obtain its withdrawal if such stop order should be issued;

3.1.8 at least five (5) days prior to the filing of any Registration Statement or Prospectus or any amendment or supplement to such Registration Statement furnish a copy thereof to each seller of such Registrable Securities and its counsel, including, without limitation, providing copies promptly upon receipt of any comment letters received with respect to any such Registration Statement or Prospectus;

3.1.9 notify the Holders at any time when a Prospectus relating to such Registration Statement is required to be delivered under the Securities Act, of the happening of any event as a result of which the Prospectus included in such Registration Statement, as then in effect, includes a Misstatement, and then to correct such Misstatement as set forth in Section 3.4 hereof;

11

3.1.10 permit a representative of the Holders (such representative to be selected by a majority of the participating Holders), the Underwriters, if any, and any attorney or accountant retained by such Holders or Underwriters to participate, at each such persons own expense, in the preparation of the Registration Statement, and cause the Companys officers, directors and employees to supply all information reasonably requested by any such representative, Underwriter, attorney or accountant in connection with the Registration; provided, however, that such representatives or Underwriters enter into a confidentiality agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Company, prior to the release or disclosure of any such information; and provided further, the Company may not include the name of any Holder or Underwriter or any information regarding any Holder or Underwriter in any Registration Statement or Prospectus, any amendment or supplement to such Registration Statement or Prospectus, any document that is to be incorporated by reference into such Registration Statement or Prospectus, or any response to any comment letter, without the prior written consent of such Holder or Underwriter, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, and providing each such Holder or Underwriter a reasonable amount of time to review and comment on such applicable document, which comments the Company shall include unless contrary to applicable law;

3.1.11 obtain a cold comfort letter from the Companys independent registered public accountants in the event of an Underwritten Registration, in customary form and covering such matters of the type customarily covered by cold comfort letters as the managing Underwriter may reasonably request, and reasonably satisfactory to a majority-in-interest of the participating Holders;

3.1.12 on the date the Registrable Securities are delivered for sale pursuant to such Registration, obtain an opinion, dated such date, of counsel representing the Company for the purposes of such Registration, addressed to the Holders, the placement agent or sales agent, if any, and the Underwriters, if any, covering such legal matters with respect to the Registration in respect of which such opinion is being given as the Holders, placement agent, sales agent, or Underwriters may reasonably request and as are customarily included in such opinions and negative assurance letters, and reasonably satisfactory to a majority in interest of the participating Holders;

3.1.13 in the event of any Underwritten Offering, enter into and perform its obligations under an underwriting agreement, in usual and customary form, with the managing Underwriter of such offering;

3.1.14 make available to its security holders, as soon as reasonably practicable, an earnings statement covering the period of at least twelve (12) months beginning with the first day of the Companys first full calendar quarter after the effective date of the Registration Statement which satisfies the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and Rule 158 thereunder (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission);

3.1.15 if the Registration involves the Registration of Registrable Securities involving gross proceeds in excess of $25,000,000, use its reasonable efforts to make available senior executives of the Company to participate in customary road show presentations that may be reasonably requested by the Underwriters in any Underwritten Offering; and

12

3.1.16 otherwise, in good faith, cooperate reasonably with, and take such customary actions as may reasonably be requested by the Holders, in connection with such Registration.

3.2 Registration Expenses. The Registration Expenses of all Registrations shall be borne by the Company. It is acknowledged by the Holders that the Holders shall bear all incremental selling expenses relating to the sale of Registrable Securities, such as Underwriters commissions and discounts, brokerage fees, Underwriters marketing costs and, other than as set forth in the definition of Registration Expenses, all reasonable fees and expenses of any legal counsel representing the Holders.

3.3 Requirements for Participation in Underwritten Offerings. No person may participate in any Underwritten Offering for equity securities of the Company pursuant to a Registration initiated by the Company hereunder unless such person (i) agrees to sell such persons securities on the basis provided in any underwriting arrangements approved by the Company and (ii) completes and executes all customary questionnaires, powers of attorney, indemnities, lock-up agreements, underwriting agreements and other customary documents as may be reasonably required under the terms of such underwriting arrangements.

3.4 Suspension of Sales; Adverse Disclosure. Upon receipt of written notice from the Company that a Registration Statement or Prospectus contains a Misstatement, each of the Holders shall forthwith discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities until he, she or it has received copies of a supplemented or amended Prospectus correcting the Misstatement (it being understood that the Company hereby covenants to prepare and file such supplement or amendment as soon as practicable after the time of such notice), or until he, she or it is advised in writing by the Company that the use of the Prospectus may be resumed. If the filing, initial effectiveness or continued use of a Registration Statement in respect of any Registration at any time would require the Company to make an Adverse Disclosure or would require the inclusion in such Registration Statement of financial statements that are unavailable to the Company for reasons beyond the Companys control, the Company may, upon giving prompt written notice of such action to the Holders, delay the filing or initial effectiveness of, or suspend use of, such Registration Statement for the shortest period of time, but in no event more than thirty (30) days, determined in good faith by the Company to be necessary for such purpose. In the event the Company exercises its rights under the preceding sentence, the Holders agree to suspend, immediately upon their receipt of the notice referred to above, their use of the Prospectus relating to any Registration in connection with any sale or offer to sell Registrable Securities. The Company shall immediately notify the Holders of the expiration of any period during which it exercised its rights under this Section 3.4.

3.5 Reporting Obligations. As long as any Holder shall own Registrable Securities, the Company, at all times while it shall be a reporting company under the Exchange Act, covenants to file timely (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and to promptly furnish the Holders with true and complete copies of all such filings. The Company further covenants that it shall take such further action as any Holder may reasonably request, all to the extent required from time to time to enable such Holder to sell Ordinary Shares held by such Holder without registration under the Securities Act within the limitation of the exemptions provided by Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission), including providing any legal opinions. Upon the request of any Holder, the Company shall deliver to such Holder a written certification of a duly authorized officer as to whether it has complied with such requirements.

13

3.6 Requirements for Participation in Underwritten Offerings and Limitations on Registration Rights. No person may participate in any Underwritten Offering for equity securities of the Company pursuant to a registration initiated by the Company hereunder unless such person (i) agrees to sell such persons securities on the basis provided in any underwriting arrangements approved by the Company and (ii) completes and executes all customary questionnaires, powers of attorney, indemnities, lock-up agreements, underwriting agreements and other customary documents as may be reasonably required under the terms of such underwriting arrangements.

ARTICLE IV

INDEMNIFICATION AND CONTRIBUTION

4.1 Indemnification.

4.1.1 The Company agrees to indemnify, to the extent permitted by law, each Holder of Registrable Securities, its officers and directors and each person who controls such Holder (within the meaning of the Securities Act) against all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses (including attorneys fees) caused by any untrue or alleged untrue statement of material fact contained in any Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto or any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, except insofar as the same are caused by or contained in any information furnished in writing to the Company by such Holder expressly for use therein. The Company shall indemnify the Underwriters, their officers and directors and each person who controls such Underwriters (within the meaning of the Securities Act) to the same extent as provided in the foregoing with respect to the indemnification of the Holder.

4.1.2 In connection with any Registration Statement in which a Holder of Registrable Securities is participating, such Holder shall furnish to the Company in writing such information and affidavits as the Company reasonably requests for use in connection with any such Registration Statement or Prospectus and, to the extent permitted by law, shall indemnify the Company, its directors and officers and agents and each person who controls the Company (within the meaning of the Securities Act) against any losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses (including without limitation reasonable attorneys fees) resulting from any untrue statement of material fact contained in the Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto or any omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, but only to the extent that such untrue statement or omission is contained in any information or affidavit so furnished in writing by such Holder expressly for use therein; provided, however, that the obligation to indemnify shall be several, not joint and several, among such Holders of Registrable Securities, and the liability of each such Holder of Registrable Securities shall be in proportion to and limited to the net proceeds received by such Holder from the sale of Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement. The Holders of Registrable Securities shall indemnify the Underwriters, their officers, directors and each person who controls such Underwriters (within the meaning of the Securities Act) to the same extent as provided in the foregoing with respect to indemnification of the Company.

14

4.1.3 Any person entitled to indemnification herein shall (i) give prompt written notice to the indemnifying party of any claim with respect to which it seeks indemnification (provided that the failure to give prompt notice shall not impair any persons right to indemnification hereunder to the extent such failure has not materially prejudiced the indemnifying party) and (ii) unless in such indemnified partys reasonable judgment a conflict of interest between such indemnified and indemnifying parties may exist with respect to such claim, permit such indemnifying party to assume the defense of such claim with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party. If such defense is assumed, the indemnifying party shall not be subject to any liability for any settlement made by the indemnified party without its consent (but such consent shall not be unreasonably withheld). An indemnifying party who is not entitled to, or elects not to, assume the defense of a claim shall not be obligated to pay the fees and expenses of more than one counsel (plus local counsel) for all parties indemnified by such indemnifying party with respect to such claim, unless in the reasonable judgment of any indemnified party a conflict of interest may exist between such indemnified party and any other of such indemnified parties with respect to such claim. No indemnifying party shall, without the consent of the indemnified party, consent to the entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement which cannot be settled in all respects by the payment of money (and such money is so paid by the indemnifying party pursuant to the terms of such settlement) or which settlement does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such indemnified party of a release from all liability in respect to such claim or litigation.

4.1.4 The indemnification provided for under this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the indemnified party or any officer, director or controlling person of such indemnified party and shall survive the transfer of securities. The Company and each Holder of Registrable Securities participating in an offering also agrees to make such provisions as are reasonably requested by any indemnified party for contribution to such party in the event the Companys or such Holders indemnification is unavailable for any reason.

4.1.5 If the indemnification provided under Section 4.1 hereof from the indemnifying party is unavailable or insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified party in respect of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses referred to herein, then the indemnifying party, in lieu of indemnifying the indemnified party, shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by the indemnified party as a result of such losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the indemnifying party and the indemnified party, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the indemnifying party and indemnified party shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in question, including any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact, was made by, or relates to information supplied by, such indemnifying party or indemnified party, and the indemnifying partys and indemnified partys relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such action; provided, however, that the liability of any Holder under this subsection 4.1.5 shall be limited to the amount of the net proceeds received by such Holder in such offering giving rise to such liability. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of the losses or other liabilities referred to above shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth in subsections 4.1.1, 4.1.2 and 4.1.3 above, any legal or other fees, charges or expenses reasonably incurred by such party in connection with any investigation or proceeding. The parties hereto agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this subsection 4.1.5 were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation, which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to in this subsection 4.1.5. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution pursuant to this subsection 4.1.5 from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.

15

ARTICLE V

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 Notices. Any notice or communication under this Agreement must be in writing and given by (i) deposit in the United States mail, addressed to the party to be notified, postage prepaid and registered or certified with return receipt requested, (ii) delivery in person or by courier service providing evidence of delivery, or (iii) transmission by hand delivery, electronic mail, telecopy, telegram or facsimile. Each notice or communication that is mailed, delivered, or transmitted in the manner described above shall be deemed sufficiently given, served, sent, and received, in the case of mailed notices, on the third business day following the date on which it is mailed and, in the case of notices delivered by courier service, hand delivery, electronic mail, telecopy, telegram or facsimile, at such time as it is delivered to the addressee (with the delivery receipt or the affidavit of messenger) or at such time as delivery is refused by the addressee upon presentation. Any notice or communication under this Agreement must be addressed, if to the Company, to: Titan Acquisition Corp., 131 Concord Street, Brooklyn, NY 11201, Attention: Adeel Rouf, with copy to: Winston & Strawn LLP, 800 Capitol Street, STE 2400, Houston, TX 77002, Attention: Michael J. Blankenship, Esq., and, if to any Holder, at such Holders address or contact information as set forth in the Companys books and records. Any party may change its address for notice at any time and from time to time by written notice to the other parties hereto, and such change of address shall become effective thirty (30) days after delivery of such notice as provided in this Section 5.1.

5.2 Assignment; No Third Party Beneficiaries.

5.2.1 This Agreement and the rights, duties and obligations of the Company hereunder may not be assigned or delegated by the Company in whole or in part.

5.2.2 Prior to the expiration of the Founder Shares Lock-up Period or the Private Placement Lock-up Period, as the case may be, no Holder may assign or delegate such Holders rights, duties or obligations under this Agreement, in whole or in part, except in connection with a transfer of Registrable Securities by such Holder to a Permitted Transferee but only if such Permitted Transferee agrees to become bound by the transfer restrictions set forth in this Agreement. After the expiration of the Founder Shares Lock-up Period or the Private Placement Lock-up Period, as the case may be, the Holder may assign or delegate such Holders rights, duties or obligations under this Agreement, in while or in part, to any transferee.

16

5.2.3 This Agreement and the provisions hereof shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of each of the parties and its successors and the permitted assigns of the Holders, which shall include Permitted Transferees.

5.2.4 This Agreement shall not confer any rights or benefits on any persons that are not parties hereto, other than as expressly set forth in this Agreement and Section 5.2 hereof.

5.2.5 No assignment by any party hereto of such partys rights, duties and obligations hereunder shall be binding upon or obligate the Company unless and until the Company shall have received (i) written notice of such assignment as provided in Section 5.1 hereof and (ii) the written agreement of the assignee, in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to be bound by the terms and provisions of this Agreement (which may be accomplished by an addendum or certificate of joinder to this Agreement). Any transfer or assignment made other than as provided in this Section 5.2 shall be null and void.

5.3 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts (including facsimile or PDF counterparts), each of which shall be deemed an original, and all of which together shall constitute the same instrument, but only one of which need be produced.

5.4 Governing Law; Venue. NOTWITHSTANDING THE PLACE WHERE THIS AGREEMENT MAY BE EXECUTED BY ANY OF THE PARTIES HERETO, THE PARTIES EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK AS APPLIED TO AGREEMENTS AMONG NEW YORK RESIDENTS ENTERED INTO AND TO BE PERFORMED ENTIRELY WITHIN NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS OF SUCH JURISDICTION. ANY LEGAL SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR BASED UPON THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY MAY BE INSTITUTED IN THE FEDERAL COURTS OF THE UNITED STATES OR THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK IN EACH CASE LOCATED IN THE CITY OF NEW YORK, AND EACH PARTY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS IN ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING.

5.5 Amendments and Modifications. Upon the written consent of the Company and the Holders of at least a majority in interest of the Registrable Securities at the time in question (which majority must include Cantor or Odeon, respectively, if such amendment or modification is material and adverse to Cantor or Odeon), compliance with any of the provisions, covenants and conditions set forth in this Agreement may be waived, or any of such provisions, covenants or conditions may be amended or modified; provided, however, that notwithstanding the foregoing, any amendment hereto or waiver hereof that adversely affects one Holder, solely in his, her or its capacity as a holder of the capital shares of the Company, in a manner that is materially different from the other Holders (in such capacity) shall require the consent of the Holder so affected. No course of dealing between any Holder or the Company and any other party hereto or any failure or delay on the part of a Holder or the Company in exercising any rights or remedies under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of any rights or remedies of any Holder or the Company. No single or partial exercise of any rights or remedies under this Agreement by a party shall operate as a waiver or preclude the exercise of any other rights or remedies hereunder or thereunder by such party.

17

5.6 Other Registration Rights. The Company represents and warrants that no person, other than a Holder of Registrable Securities, has any right to require the Company to register any securities of the Company for sale or to include such securities of the Company in any Registration filed by the Company for the sale of securities for its own account or for the account of any other person. Further, the Company represents and warrants that this Agreement supersedes any other registration rights agreement or agreement with similar terms and conditions and in the event of a conflict between any such agreement or agreements and this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall prevail.

5.7 Term. This Agreement shall terminate upon the earlier of (i) the tenth anniversary of the date of this Agreement or (ii) the date as of which (A) all of the Registrable Securities have been sold pursuant to a Registration Statement (but in no event prior to the applicable period referred to in Section 4(a)(3) of the Securities Act and Rule 174 thereunder (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission)) or (B) the Holders of all Registrable Securities are permitted to sell the Registrable Securities without registration pursuant to Rule 144 (or any similar provision) under the Securities Act with no volume or other restrictions or limitations. The provisions of Section 3.5 and Article IV shall survive any termination.

[Signature Page Follows]

18

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above.

COMPANY:

TITAN ACQUISITION CORP.

By: /s/
Adeel Rouf 

Name: Adeel Rouf 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

HOLDERS:

TITAN ACQUISITION SPONSOR HOLDCO LLC

By: /s/ Adeel Rouf 

Name: Adeel Rouf 

Title: Managing Member 

CANTOR FITZGERALD & CO.

By: /s/
Sage Kelly 

Name: Sage Kelly 

Title: Global Head of Investment Banking 

ODEON CAPITAL GROUP LLC

By: /s/
Eric Gomberg 

Name: Eric Gomberg 

Title: Senior Vice President 

[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]

19
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>titanacq_ex10-4.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.4
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.4

Execution Version

PRIVATE PLACEMENT WARRANTS PURCHASE AGREEMENT

THIS PRIVATE PLACEMENT WARRANTS PURCHASE AGREEMENT, dated as of April 8, 2025 (as it may from time to time be amended, this Agreement), is entered into by and between Titan Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), and Titan Acquisition Sponsor Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Purchaser).

WHEREAS, the Company intends
to consummate an initial public offering of the Companys units (the Public Offering), each unit consisting
of one Class A Ordinary Share, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (an Ordinary Share), and one-half
of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Ordinary Share at an exercise price of $11.50 per Ordinary
Share. The Purchaser has agreed to purchase an aggregate of 5,600,000 warrants (or up to 5,780,000 warrants if the underwriters
over-allotment option is exercised in full) (the Private Placement Warrants), each Private Placement Warrant
entitling the holder to purchase one Ordinary Share at an exercise price of $11.50 per Share.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises contained in this Agreement and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties to this Agreement hereby, intending legally to be bound, agree as follows:

AGREEMENT

Section 1. Authorization, Purchase and Sale; Terms of the Private Placement
Warrants.

A. Authorization of the Private Placement Warrants. The Company has duly authorized the issuance and sale of the Private Placement Warrants to the Purchaser.

B. Purchase and Sale of the Private Placement Warrants.

(i) On the date of the consummation of the Public Offering or on
such earlier time and date as may be mutually agreed by the Purchaser and the Company (the Initial Closing Date),
the Company shall issue and sell to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser shall purchase from the Company, an aggregate of 5,600,000 Private
Placement Warrants at a price of $1.00 per warrant for an aggregate purchase price of $5,600,000 (the Purchase Price),
which shall be paid by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Company at least one business day prior to the Initial Closing
Date in accordance with the Companys wiring instructions. On the Initial Closing Date, upon the payment by the Purchaser of the
Purchase Price, the Company, at its option, shall deliver a certificate evidencing the Private Placement Warrants purchased by the Purchaser
on such date duly registered in the Purchasers name to the Purchaser, or effect such delivery in book-entry form.

(ii) On the date of the consummation of the closing of the over-allotment
option in connection with the Public Offering, and concurrently with the consummation thereof, or on such earlier time and date as may
be mutually agreed by the Purchaser and the Company (each such date, an Over-allotment Closing Date; together with the
Initial Closing Date, the Closing Dates and each, a Closing Date), the Company shall issue
and sell to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser shall purchase from the Company, up to an aggregate of 82,500 Private Placement Warrants,
in the same proportion as the amount of the over-allotment option that is exercised, at a price of $1.00 per warrant for an aggregate
purchase price of up to $82,500 (if the over-allotment option in connection with the Public Offering is exercised in full) (the Over-allotment
Purchase Price), which shall be paid by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Company in accordance with
the Companys wiring instructions. On the Over-allotment Closing Date, upon the payment by the Purchaser of the Over-allotment
Purchase Price payable by it by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Company, the Company shall either, at its option,
deliver a certificate evidencing the Private Placement Warrants purchased by the Purchaser on such date duly registered in the Purchasers
names to the Purchaser, or effect such delivery in book-entry form.

C. Terms of the Private Placement Warrants.

(i) Each Private Placement Warrant shall have the terms set forth
in a Warrant Agreement to be entered into by the Company and a warrant agent in connection with the Public Offering (a Warrant
Agreement).

(ii) At the time of the closing of the Public Offering, the Company
and the Purchaser shall enter into a registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement) pursuant
to which the Company will grant certain registration rights to the Purchaser relating to the Private Placement Warrants and the Ordinary
Shares underlying the Private Placement Warrants.

Section 2. Representations and Warranties of the Company. As a material
inducement to the Purchaser to enter into this Agreement and purchase the Private Placement Warrants, the Company hereby represents and
warrants to the Purchaser (which representations and warranties shall survive the Closing Dates) that:

A. Incorporation and Corporate Power. The Company is an exempted company duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the Cayman Islands and is qualified to do business in every jurisdiction in which the failure to so qualify would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the financial condition, operating results or assets of the Company. The Company possesses all requisite corporate power and authority necessary to carry out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Warrant Agreement.

2

B. Authorization; No Breach.

(i) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and
the Private Placement Warrants have been duly authorized by the Company as of each Closing Date. This Agreement constitutes the valid
and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable in accordance with its terms. Upon issuance in accordance with, and payment pursuant
to, the terms of the Warrant Agreement and this Agreement, the Private Placement Warrants will constitute valid and binding obligations
of the Company, enforceable in accordance with their terms as of each Closing Date.

(ii) The execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement
and the Private Placement Warrants, the issuance and sale of the Private Placement Warrants, the issuance of the Ordinary Shares upon
exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and the fulfillment of, and compliance with, the respective terms hereof and thereof by the
Company, do not and will not as of each Closing Date (a) conflict with or result in a breach of the terms, conditions or provisions of,
(b) constitute a default under, (c) result in the creation of any lien, security interest, charge or encumbrance upon the Companys
equity or assets under, (d) result in a violation of, or (e) require any authorization, consent, approval, exemption or other action
by or notice or declaration to, or filing with, any court or administrative or governmental body or agency pursuant to the Amended and
Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company in effect on the date hereof or as may be amended prior to completion
of the contemplated Public Offering, or any material law, statute, rule or regulation to which the Company is subject, or any agreement,
order, judgment or decree to which the Company is subject, except for any filings required after the date hereof under federal or state
securities laws.

C. Title to Securities. Upon issuance in accordance with, and payment pursuant to, the terms hereof and the Warrant Agreement, and upon registration in the Companys register of members, the Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. Upon issuance in accordance with, and payment pursuant to, the terms hereof and the Warrant Agreement, and upon registration in the Companys register of members, the Purchaser will have good title to the Private Placement Warrants and the Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of such Private Placement Warrants, free and clear of all liens, claims and encumbrances of any kind, other than (i) transfer restrictions hereunder and under the other agreements contemplated hereby, (ii) transfer restrictions under federal and state securities laws, and (iii) liens, claims or encumbrances imposed due to the actions of the Purchaser.

D. Governmental Consents. No permit, consent, approval or authorization of, or declaration to or filing with, any governmental authority is required in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement or the consummation by the Company of any other transactions contemplated hereby.

3

E. Regulation D Qualification. Neither the Company nor, to its knowledge, any of its affiliates, members, officers, directors or beneficial shareholders of 20% or more of its outstanding securities, has experienced a disqualifying event as enumerated pursuant to Rule 506(d) of Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act).

Section 3. Representations and Warranties of the Purchaser. As a
material inducement to the Company to enter into this Agreement and issue and sell the Private Placement Warrants to the Purchaser, the
Purchaser hereby represents and warrants to the Company (which representations and warranties shall survive each Closing Date) that:

A. Organization and Requisite Authority. The Purchaser possesses all requisite power and authority necessary to carry out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

B. Authorization; No Breach.

(i) This Agreement constitutes a valid and binding obligation of
the Purchaser, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium
and other laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors rights and to general equitable principles (whether
considered in a proceeding in equity or law).

(ii) The execution and delivery by the Purchaser of this Agreement
and the fulfillment of and compliance with the terms hereof by the Purchaser does not and shall not as of each Closing Date conflict
with or result in a breach by the Purchaser of the terms, conditions or provisions of any agreement, instrument, order, judgment or decree
to which the Purchaser is subject.

C. Investment Representations.

(i) The Purchaser is acquiring the Private Placement Warrants and,
upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants, the Ordinary Shares issuable upon such exercise (collectively, the Securities),
for the Purchasers own account, for investment purposes only and not with a view towards, or for resale in connection with, any
public sale or distribution thereof.

(ii) The Purchaser is an accredited investor as such
term is defined in Rule 501(a)(3) of Regulation D, and the Purchaser has not experienced a disqualifying event as enumerated pursuant
to Rule 506(d) of Regulation D under the Securities Act.

(iii) The Purchaser understands that the Securities are being offered
and will be sold to it in reliance on specific exemptions from the registration requirements of the United States federal and state securities
laws and that the Company is relying upon the truth and accuracy of, and the Purchasers compliance with, the representations and
warranties of the Purchaser set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of the Purchaser
to acquire such Securities.

4

(iv) The Purchaser did not decide to enter into this Agreement as
a result of any general solicitation or general advertising within the meaning of Rule 502(c) under the Securities Act.

(v) The Purchaser has been furnished with all materials relating
to the business, finances and operations of the Company and materials relating to the offer and sale of the Securities which have been
requested by the Purchaser. The Purchaser has been afforded the opportunity to ask questions of the executive officers and directors
of the Company. The Purchaser understands that its investment in the Securities involves a high degree of risk and it has sought such
accounting, legal and tax advice as it has considered necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the acquisition
of the Securities.

(vi) The Purchaser understands that no United States federal or state
agency or any other government or governmental agency has passed on or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities or the
fairness or suitability of the investment in the Securities by the Purchaser nor have such authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits
of the offering of the Securities.

(vii) The Purchaser understands that: (a) the Securities have not
been and are not being registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws, and may not be offered for sale, sold, assigned
or transferred unless (1) subsequently registered thereunder or (2) sold in reliance on an exemption therefrom; and (b) except as specifically
set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement, neither the Company nor any other person is under any obligation to register the Securities
under the Securities Act or any state securities laws or to comply with the terms and conditions of any exemption thereunder. While the
Purchaser understands that Rule 144 is not available for the resale of securities initially issued by shell companies (other than
business combination related shell companies) or issuers that have been at any time previously a shell company, the Purchaser understands
that Rule 144 includes an exception to this prohibition if the following conditions are met: (i) the issuer of the securities that
was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company; (ii) the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act);

(viii) the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports
and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required
to file such reports and materials), other than Form 8-K reports; and

5

(ix) at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer
filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company.

(x) The Purchaser has such knowledge and experience in financial
and business matters, knows of the high degree of risk associated with investments in the securities of companies in the development
stage such as the Company, is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in the Securities and is able to bear the economic
risk of an investment in the Securities in the amount contemplated hereunder for an indefinite period of time. The Purchaser has adequate
means of providing for its current financial needs and contingencies and will have no current or anticipated future needs for liquidity
which would be jeopardized by the investment in the Securities. The Purchaser can afford a complete loss of its investment in the Securities.

Section 4. Conditions of the Purchasers Obligations. The
obligation of the Purchaser to purchase and pay for the Private Placement Warrants is subject to the fulfillment, on or before each Closing
Date, of each of the following conditions:

A. Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Company contained in Section 2 shall be true and correct at and as of such Closing Date as though then made.

B. Performance. The Company shall have performed and complied with all agreements, obligations and conditions contained in this Agreement that are required to be performed or complied with by it on or before such Closing Date.

C. No Injunction. No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority over the matters contemplated hereby, which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the Warrant Agreement.

D. Warrant Agreement. The Company shall have entered into the Warrant Agreement with a warrant agent on terms satisfactory to the Purchaser.

Section 5. Conditions of the Companys Obligations. The obligations
of the Company to the Purchaser under this Agreement are subject to the fulfillment, on or before each Closing Date, of each of the following
conditions:

A. Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Purchaser contained in Section 3 shall be true and correct at and as of such Closing Date as though then made.

B. Performance. The Purchaser shall have performed and complied with all agreements, obligations and conditions contained in this Agreement that are required to be performed or complied with by the Purchaser on or before such Closing Date.

6

C. Corporate Consents. The Company shall have obtained the consent of its Board of Directors authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Warrant Agreement and the issuance and sale of the Private Placement Warrants hereunder.

D. No Injunction. No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority over the matters contemplated hereby, which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the Warrant Agreement.

E. Warrant Agreement. The Company shall have entered into the Warrant Agreement with a warrant agent on terms satisfactory to the Company.

Section 6. Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any
time after December 31, 2023 upon the election by either the Company or the Purchaser upon written notice to the other party if
the closing of the Public Offering does not occur prior to such date.

Section 7. Survival of Representations and Warranties. All of the
representations and warranties contained herein shall survive each Closing Date.

Section 8. Definitions. Terms used but not otherwise defined in
this Agreement shall have the meaning assigned to such terms in the registration statement on Form S-1 the Company has filed with the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, under the Securities Act.

Section 9. Miscellaneous.

A. Successors and Assigns. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement by or on behalf of any of the parties hereto shall bind and inure to the benefit of the respective successors of the parties hereto whether so expressed or not. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary herein, the parties may not assign this Agreement, other than assignments by the Purchaser to affiliates thereof (including, without limitation one or more of its members).

B. Severability. Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement is held to be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of this Agreement.

7

C. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed simultaneously in two or more counterparts, none of which need contain the signatures of more than one party, but all such counterparts taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.

D. Descriptive Headings; Interpretation. The descriptive headings of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and do not constitute a substantive part of this Agreement. The use of the word including in this Agreement shall be by way of example rather than by limitation.

E. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be deemed to be a contract made under the laws of the State of New York and for all purposes shall be construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York.

F. Amendments. This Agreement may not be amended, modified or waived as to any particular provision, except by a written instrument executed by all parties hereto.

[Signature Page Follows]

8

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement to be effective as of the date first set forth above.

COMPANY:

TITAN ACQUISITION CORP.

By: /s/ Adeel Rouf

Name: Adeel Rouf

Title: Chief Financial Officer

PURCHASER:

TITAN ACQUISITION SPONSOR HOLDCO LLC

a Delaware limited liability company

By: /s/ Adeel Rouf

Name: Adeel Rouf

Title: Managing Member

[Signature Page to Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement]

9
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>titanacq_ex10-5.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.5
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.5

Execution Version

PRIVATE PLACEMENT WARRANTS PURCHASE AGREEMENT

THIS PRIVATE PLACEMENT WARRANTS
PURCHASE AGREEMENT, dated as of April 10, 2025 (as it may from time to time be amended, this Agreement) amends
and restates that certain private placement warrants purchase agreement dated as of April 8, 2025 which was entered into by and between
Titan Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), and Titan Acquisition Sponsor Holdco
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Purchaser).

WHEREAS, the Company intends
to consummate an initial public offering of the Companys units (the Public Offering), each unit consisting
of one Class A Ordinary Share, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (an Ordinary Share), and one-half
of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Ordinary Share at an exercise price of $11.50 per Ordinary
Share. The Purchaser has agreed to purchase an aggregate of 5,600,000 warrants (or up to 5,710,056 warrants if the underwriters
over-allotment option is exercised in full) (the Private Placement Warrants), each Private Placement Warrant
entitling the holder to purchase one Ordinary Share at an exercise price of $11.50 per Share.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises contained in this Agreement and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties to this Agreement hereby, intending legally to be bound, agree as follows:

AGREEMENT

Section 1. Authorization, Purchase and Sale; Terms of the Private Placement
Warrants.

A. Authorization of the Private Placement Warrants. The Company has duly authorized the issuance and sale of the Private Placement Warrants to the Purchaser.

B. Purchase and Sale of the Private Placement Warrants.

(i) On the date of the consummation of the Public Offering or on
such earlier time and date as may be mutually agreed by the Purchaser and the Company (the Initial Closing Date),
the Company shall issue and sell to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser shall purchase from the Company, an aggregate of 5,600,000 Private
Placement Warrants at a price of $1.00 per warrant for an aggregate purchase price of $5,600,000 (the Purchase Price),
which shall be paid by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Company at least one business day prior to the Initial Closing
Date in accordance with the Companys wiring instructions. On the Initial Closing Date, upon the payment by the Purchaser of the
Purchase Price, the Company, at its option, shall deliver a certificate evidencing the Private Placement Warrants purchased by the Purchaser
on such date duly registered in the Purchasers name to the Purchaser, or effect such delivery in book-entry form.

(ii) On the date of the consummation of the closing of the over-allotment
option in connection with the Public Offering, and concurrently with the consummation thereof, or on such earlier time and date as may
be mutually agreed by the Purchaser and the Company (each such date, an Over-allotment Closing Date; together with the
Initial Closing Date, the Closing Dates and each, a Closing Date), the Company shall issue
and sell to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser shall purchase from the Company, up to an aggregate of 82,500 Private Placement Warrants,
in the same proportion as the amount of the over-allotment option that is exercised, at a price of $1.00 per warrant for an aggregate
purchase price of up to $82,500 (if the over-allotment option in connection with the Public Offering is exercised in full) (the Over-allotment
Purchase Price), which shall be paid by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Company in accordance with
the Companys wiring instructions. On the Over-allotment Closing Date, upon the payment by the Purchaser of the Over-allotment
Purchase Price payable by it by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Company, the Company shall either, at its option,
deliver a certificate evidencing the Private Placement Warrants purchased by the Purchaser on such date duly registered in the Purchasers
names to the Purchaser, or effect such delivery in book-entry form.

C. Terms of the Private Placement Warrants.

(i) Each Private Placement Warrant shall have the terms set forth
in a Warrant Agreement to be entered into by the Company and a warrant agent in connection with the Public Offering (a Warrant
Agreement).

(ii) At the time of the closing of the Public Offering, the Company
and the Purchaser shall enter into a registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement) pursuant
to which the Company will grant certain registration rights to the Purchaser relating to the Private Placement Warrants and the Ordinary
Shares underlying the Private Placement Warrants.

Section 2. Representations and Warranties of the Company. As a material
inducement to the Purchaser to enter into this Agreement and purchase the Private Placement Warrants, the Company hereby represents and
warrants to the Purchaser (which representations and warranties shall survive the Closing Dates) that:

A. Incorporation and Corporate Power. The Company is an exempted company duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the Cayman Islands and is qualified to do business in every jurisdiction in which the failure to so qualify would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the financial condition, operating results or assets of the Company. The Company possesses all requisite corporate power and authority necessary to carry out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Warrant Agreement.

2

B. Authorization; No Breach.

(i) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and
the Private Placement Warrants have been duly authorized by the Company as of each Closing Date. This Agreement constitutes the valid
and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable in accordance with its terms. Upon issuance in accordance with, and payment pursuant
to, the terms of the Warrant Agreement and this Agreement, the Private Placement Warrants will constitute valid and binding obligations
of the Company, enforceable in accordance with their terms as of each Closing Date.

(ii) The execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement
and the Private Placement Warrants, the issuance and sale of the Private Placement Warrants, the issuance of the Ordinary Shares upon
exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and the fulfillment of, and compliance with, the respective terms hereof and thereof by the
Company, do not and will not as of each Closing Date (a) conflict with or result in a breach of the terms, conditions or provisions of,
(b) constitute a default under, (c) result in the creation of any lien, security interest, charge or encumbrance upon the Companys
equity or assets under, (d) result in a violation of, or (e) require any authorization, consent, approval, exemption or other action
by or notice or declaration to, or filing with, any court or administrative or governmental body or agency pursuant to the Amended and
Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company in effect on the date hereof or as may be amended prior to completion
of the contemplated Public Offering, or any material law, statute, rule or regulation to which the Company is subject, or any agreement,
order, judgment or decree to which the Company is subject, except for any filings required after the date hereof under federal or state
securities laws.

C. Title to Securities. Upon issuance in accordance with, and payment pursuant to, the terms hereof and the Warrant Agreement, and upon registration in the Companys register of members, the Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. Upon issuance in accordance with, and payment pursuant to, the terms hereof and the Warrant Agreement, and upon registration in the Companys register of members, the Purchaser will have good title to the Private Placement Warrants and the Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of such Private Placement Warrants, free and clear of all liens, claims and encumbrances of any kind, other than (i) transfer restrictions hereunder and under the other agreements contemplated hereby, (ii) transfer restrictions under federal and state securities laws, and (iii) liens, claims or encumbrances imposed due to the actions of the Purchaser.

D. Governmental Consents. No permit, consent, approval or authorization of, or declaration to or filing with, any governmental authority is required in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement or the consummation by the Company of any other transactions contemplated hereby.

3

E. Regulation D Qualification. Neither the Company nor, to its knowledge, any of its affiliates, members, officers, directors or beneficial shareholders of 20% or more of its outstanding securities, has experienced a disqualifying event as enumerated pursuant to Rule 506(d) of Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act).

Section 3. Representations and Warranties of the Purchaser. As a
material inducement to the Company to enter into this Agreement and issue and sell the Private Placement Warrants to the Purchaser, the
Purchaser hereby represents and warrants to the Company (which representations and warranties shall survive each Closing Date) that:

A. Organization and Requisite Authority. The Purchaser possesses all requisite power and authority necessary to carry out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

B. Authorization; No Breach.

(i) This Agreement constitutes a valid and binding obligation of
the Purchaser, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium
and other laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors rights and to general equitable principles (whether
considered in a proceeding in equity or law).

(ii) The execution and delivery by the Purchaser of this Agreement
and the fulfillment of and compliance with the terms hereof by the Purchaser does not and shall not as of each Closing Date conflict
with or result in a breach by the Purchaser of the terms, conditions or provisions of any agreement, instrument, order, judgment or decree
to which the Purchaser is subject.

C. Investment Representations.

(i) The Purchaser is acquiring the Private Placement Warrants and,
upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants, the Ordinary Shares issuable upon such exercise (collectively, the Securities),
for the Purchasers own account, for investment purposes only and not with a view towards, or for resale in connection with, any
public sale or distribution thereof.

(ii) The Purchaser is an accredited investor as such
term is defined in Rule 501(a)(3) of Regulation D, and the Purchaser has not experienced a disqualifying event as enumerated pursuant
to Rule 506(d) of Regulation D under the Securities Act.

(iii) The Purchaser understands that the Securities are being offered
and will be sold to it in reliance on specific exemptions from the registration requirements of the United States federal and state securities
laws and that the Company is relying upon the truth and accuracy of, and the Purchasers compliance with, the representations and
warranties of the Purchaser set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of the Purchaser
to acquire such Securities.

4

(iv) The Purchaser did not decide to enter into this Agreement as
a result of any general solicitation or general advertising within the meaning of Rule 502(c) under the Securities Act.

(v) The Purchaser has been furnished with all materials relating
to the business, finances and operations of the Company and materials relating to the offer and sale of the Securities which have been
requested by the Purchaser. The Purchaser has been afforded the opportunity to ask questions of the executive officers and directors
of the Company. The Purchaser understands that its investment in the Securities involves a high degree of risk and it has sought such
accounting, legal and tax advice as it has considered necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the acquisition
of the Securities.

(vi) The Purchaser understands that no United States federal or state
agency or any other government or governmental agency has passed on or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities or the
fairness or suitability of the investment in the Securities by the Purchaser nor have such authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits
of the offering of the Securities.

(vii) The Purchaser understands that: (a) the Securities have not
been and are not being registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws, and may not be offered for sale, sold, assigned
or transferred unless (1) subsequently registered thereunder or (2) sold in reliance on an exemption therefrom; and (b) except as specifically
set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement, neither the Company nor any other person is under any obligation to register the Securities
under the Securities Act or any state securities laws or to comply with the terms and conditions of any exemption thereunder. While the
Purchaser understands that Rule 144 is not available for the resale of securities initially issued by shell companies (other than
business combination related shell companies) or issuers that have been at any time previously a shell company, the Purchaser understands
that Rule 144 includes an exception to this prohibition if the following conditions are met: (i) the issuer of the securities that
was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company; (ii) the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act);

(viii) the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports
and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required
to file such reports and materials), other than Form 8-K reports; and

5

(ix) at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer
filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company.

(x) The Purchaser has such knowledge and experience in financial
and business matters, knows of the high degree of risk associated with investments in the securities of companies in the development
stage such as the Company, is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in the Securities and is able to bear the economic
risk of an investment in the Securities in the amount contemplated hereunder for an indefinite period of time. The Purchaser has adequate
means of providing for its current financial needs and contingencies and will have no current or anticipated future needs for liquidity
which would be jeopardized by the investment in the Securities. The Purchaser can afford a complete loss of its investment in the Securities.

Section 4. Conditions of the Purchasers Obligations. The
obligation of the Purchaser to purchase and pay for the Private Placement Warrants is subject to the fulfillment, on or before each Closing
Date, of each of the following conditions:

A. Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Company contained in Section 2 shall be true and correct at and as of such Closing Date as though then made.

B. Performance. The Company shall have performed and complied with all agreements, obligations and conditions contained in this Agreement that are required to be performed or complied with by it on or before such Closing Date.

C. No Injunction. No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority over the matters contemplated hereby, which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the Warrant Agreement.

D. Warrant Agreement. The Company shall have entered into the Warrant Agreement with a warrant agent on terms satisfactory to the Purchaser.

Section 5. Conditions of the Companys Obligations. The obligations
of the Company to the Purchaser under this Agreement are subject to the fulfillment, on or before each Closing Date, of each of the following
conditions:

A. Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Purchaser contained in Section 3 shall be true and correct at and as of such Closing Date as though then made.

B. Performance. The Purchaser shall have performed and complied with all agreements, obligations and conditions contained in this Agreement that are required to be performed or complied with by the Purchaser on or before such Closing Date.

6

C. Corporate Consents. The Company shall have obtained the consent of its Board of Directors authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Warrant Agreement and the issuance and sale of the Private Placement Warrants hereunder.

D. No Injunction. No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority over the matters contemplated hereby, which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the Warrant Agreement.

E. Warrant Agreement. The Company shall have entered into the Warrant Agreement with a warrant agent on terms satisfactory to the Company.

Section 6. Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any
time after December 31, 2023 upon the election by either the Company or the Purchaser upon written notice to the other party if
the closing of the Public Offering does not occur prior to such date.

Section 7. Survival of Representations and Warranties. All of the
representations and warranties contained herein shall survive each Closing Date.

Section 8. Definitions. Terms used but not otherwise defined in
this Agreement shall have the meaning assigned to such terms in the registration statement on Form S-1 the Company has filed with the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, under the Securities Act.

Section 9. Miscellaneous.

A. Successors and Assigns. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement by or on behalf of any of the parties hereto shall bind and inure to the benefit of the respective successors of the parties hereto whether so expressed or not. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary herein, the parties may not assign this Agreement, other than assignments by the Purchaser to affiliates thereof (including, without limitation one or more of its members).

B. Severability. Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement is held to be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of this Agreement.

7

C. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed simultaneously in two or more counterparts, none of which need contain the signatures of more than one party, but all such counterparts taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.

D. Descriptive Headings; Interpretation. The descriptive headings of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and do not constitute a substantive part of this Agreement. The use of the word including in this Agreement shall be by way of example rather than by limitation.

E. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be deemed to be a contract made under the laws of the State of New York and for all purposes shall be construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York.

F. Amendments. This Agreement may not be amended, modified or waived as to any particular provision, except by a written instrument executed by all parties hereto.

[Signature Page Follows]

8

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement to be effective as of the date first set forth above.

COMPANY:

TITAN ACQUISITION CORP.

By: 

Name: Adeel Rouf

Title: Chief Financial Officer

PURCHASER:

TITAN ACQUISITION SPONSOR HOLDCO LLC

a Delaware limited liability company

By: 

Name: Adeel Rouf

Title: Managing Member

[Signature Page to Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement]

9
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.6
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>titanacq_ex10-6.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.6
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.6

Execution Version

PRIVATE PLACEMENT WARRANTS PURCHASE AGREEMENT

THIS PRIVATE PLACEMENT WARRANTS
PURCHASE AGREEMENT, dated as of April 8, 2025 (as it may from time to time be amended, this Agreement), is
entered into by and between Titan Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), Cantor
Fitzgerald & Co. and Odeon Capital Group LLC (the Purchasers).

WHEREAS, the Company intends
to consummate an initial public offering of the Companys units (the Public Offering), each unit consisting
of one Class A ordinary share, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (an Ordinary Share), and one-half
of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Ordinary Share at an exercise price of $11.50 per Ordinary
Share. The Purchasers have agreed to purchase an aggregate of 2,400,000 warrants (the Private Placement Warrants),
with Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. to purchase 1,680,000 Private Placement Warrants and Odeon Capital Group LLC has committed to purchase
720,000 Private Placement Warrants, each Private Placement Warrant entitling the holder to purchase one Ordinary Share at an exercise
price of $11.50 per Share.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises contained in this Agreement and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties to this Agreement hereby, intending legally to be bound, agree as follows:

AGREEMENT

Section 1. Authorization, Purchase and Sale; Terms of the Private Placement
Warrants.

A. Authorization of the Private Placement Warrants. The Company has duly authorized the issuance and sale of the Private Placement Warrants to the Purchasers.

B. Purchase and Sale of the Private Placement Warrants.

(i) On the date of the consummation of the Public Offering or on such earlier time and date as may be mutually
agreed by the Purchasers and the Company (the Initial Closing Date), the Company shall issue and sell to the
Purchasers, and the Purchasers shall purchase from the Company, an aggregate of 2,400,000 Private Placement Warrants at a price of $1.00
per warrant for an aggregate purchase price of $2,400,000 (the Purchase Price), which shall be paid by wire
transfer of immediately available funds to the Company at least one business day prior to the Initial Closing Date in accordance with
the Companys wiring instructions. Of the 2,400,000 Private Placement Warrants sold to the Purchasers, Cantor Fitzgerald & Co.
shall purchase1,680,000 Private Placement Warrants at a price of $1.00 per warrant for an aggregate purchase price of $1,680,000 and Odeon
Capital Group LLC shall purchase 720,000 Private Placement Warrants at a price of $1.00 per warrant for an aggregate purchase price of
$720,000. On the Initial Closing Date, upon the payment by the Purchasers of the Purchase Price, the Company, at its option, shall deliver
a certificate evidencing the Private Placement Warrants purchased by the Purchasers on such date duly registered in the Purchasers
name to the Purchasers, or effect such delivery in book-entry form.

C. Terms of the Private Placement Warrants.

(i) Each Private Placement Warrant shall have the terms set forth
in a Warrant Agreement to be entered into by the Company and a warrant agent in connection with the Public Offering (a Warrant
Agreement).

(ii) At the time of the closing of the Public Offering, the Company and the Purchasers shall enter into a registration
rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement) pursuant to which the Company will grant certain registration
rights to the Purchasers relating to the Private Placement Warrants and the Ordinary Shares underlying the Private Placement Warrants.

Section 2. Representations
and Warranties of the Company. As a material inducement to the Purchasers to enter into this Agreement and purchase the Private
Placement Warrants, the Company hereby represents and warrants to the Purchasers (which representations and warranties shall survive
each Closing Date) that:

A. Incorporation and Corporate Power. The Company is an exempted company duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the Cayman Islands and is qualified to do business in every jurisdiction in which the failure to so qualify would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the financial condition, operating results or assets of the Company. The Company possesses all requisite corporate power and authority necessary to carry out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Warrant Agreement.

B. Authorization; No Breach.

(i) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and
the Private Placement Warrants have been duly authorized by the Company as of each Closing Date. This Agreement constitutes the valid
and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable in accordance with its terms. Upon issuance in accordance with, and payment pursuant
to, the terms of the Warrant Agreement and this Agreement, the Private Placement Warrants will constitute valid and binding obligations
of the Company, enforceable in accordance with their terms as of each Closing Date.

2

(ii) The execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement
and the Private Placement Warrants, the issuance and sale of the Private Placement Warrants, the issuance of the Ordinary Shares upon
exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and the fulfillment of, and compliance with, the respective terms hereof and thereof by the
Company, do not and will not as of each Closing Date (a) conflict with or result in a breach of the terms, conditions or provisions of,
(b) constitute a default under, (c) result in the creation of any lien, security interest, charge or encumbrance upon the Companys
equity or assets under, (d) result in a violation of, or (e) require any authorization, consent, approval, exemption or other action
by or notice or declaration to, or filing with, any court or administrative or governmental body or agency pursuant to the Amended and
Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company in effect on the date hereof or as may be amended prior to completion
of the contemplated Public Offering, or any material law, statute, rule or regulation to which the Company is subject, or any agreement,
order, judgment or decree to which the Company is subject, except for any filings required after the date hereof under federal or state
securities laws.

C. Title to Securities. Upon issuance
in accordance with, and payment pursuant to, the terms hereof and the Warrant Agreement, and upon registration in the Companys
register of members, the Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will be duly and validly issued, fully
paid and nonassessable. Upon issuance in accordance with, and payment pursuant to, the terms hereof and the Warrant Agreement, and upon
registration in the Companys register of members, the Purchasers will have good title to the Private Placement Warrants and the
Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of such Private Placement Warrants, free and clear of all liens, claims and encumbrances of any
kind, other than (i) transfer restrictions hereunder and under the other agreements contemplated hereby, (ii) transfer restrictions under
federal and state securities laws, and (iii) liens, claims or encumbrances imposed due to the actions of the Purchasers.

D. Governmental Consents. No permit, consent, approval or authorization of, or declaration to or filing with, any governmental authority is required in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement or the consummation by the Company of any other transactions contemplated hereby.

E. Regulation D Qualification. Neither the Company nor, to its knowledge, any of its affiliates, members, officers, directors or beneficial shareholders of 20% or more of its outstanding securities, has experienced a disqualifying event as enumerated pursuant to Rule 506(d) of Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act).

Section 3. Representations
and Warranties of the Purchasers. As a material inducement to the Company to enter into this Agreement and issue and sell
the Private Placement Warrants to the Purchasers, the Purchasers hereby represent and warrant to the Company (which representations and
warranties shall survive each Closing Date) that:

A. Organization and Requisite Authority.
The Purchasers possess all requisite power and authority necessary to carry out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

3

B. Authorization; No Breach.

(i) This Agreement constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Purchasers, enforceable in accordance
with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general applicability
relating to or affecting creditors rights and to general equitable principles (whether considered in a proceeding in equity or
law).

(ii) The execution and delivery by the Purchasers of this Agreement and the fulfillment of and compliance with
the terms hereof by the Purchasers does not and shall not as of each Closing Date conflict with or result in a breach by the Purchasers
of the terms, conditions or provisions of any agreement, instrument, order, judgment or decree to which the Purchasers are subject.

C. Investment Representations.

(i) The Purchasers are acquiring the Private Placement Warrants and, upon exercise of the Private Placement
Warrants, the Ordinary Shares issuable upon such exercise (collectively, the Securities), for the Purchasers
own account, for investment purposes only and not with a view towards, or for resale in connection with, any public sale or distribution
thereof.

(ii) The Purchasers are accredited investors as such term is defined in Rule 501(a)(3) of Regulation
D, and the Purchasers have not experienced a disqualifying event as enumerated pursuant to Rule 506(d) of Regulation D under the Securities
Act.

(iii) The Purchasers understand that the Securities are being offered and will be sold to it in reliance on
specific exemptions from the registration requirements of the United States federal and state securities laws and that the Company is
relying upon the truth and accuracy of, and the Purchasers compliance with, the representations and warranties of the Purchasers
set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of the Purchasers to acquire such Securities.

(iv) The Purchasers did not decide to enter into this Agreement as a result of any general solicitation or
general advertising within the meaning of Rule 502(c) under the Securities Act.

(v) The Purchasers have been furnished with all materials relating to the business, finances and operations
of the Company and materials relating to the offer and sale of the Securities which have been requested by the Purchasers. The Purchasers
have been afforded the opportunity to ask questions of the executive officers and directors of the Company. The Purchasers understand
that its investment in the Securities involves a high degree of risk and it has sought such accounting, legal and tax advice as it has
considered necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the acquisition of the Securities.

4

(vi) The Purchasers understand that no United States federal or state agency or any other government or governmental
agency has passed on or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities or the fairness or suitability of the investment in the
Securities by the Purchasers nor have such authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Securities.

(vii) The Purchasers understand that: (a) the Securities have not been and are not being registered under the
Securities Act or any state securities laws, and may not be offered for sale, sold, assigned or transferred unless (1) subsequently registered
thereunder or (2) sold in reliance on an exemption therefrom; and (b) except as specifically set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement,
neither the Company nor any other person is under any obligation to register the Securities under the Securities Act or any state securities
laws or to comply with the terms and conditions of any exemption thereunder. While the Purchasers understand that Rule 144 is not available
for the resale of securities initially issued by shell companies (other than business combination related shell companies) or issuers
that have been at any time previously a shell company, the Purchasers understand that Rule 144 includes an exception to this prohibition
if the following conditions are met: (i) the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company;
(ii) the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the Exchange Act); (iii) the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material
required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such
reports and materials), other than Form 8-K reports; and (iv) at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current
Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company.

(viii) The Purchasers have such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters, knows of the high
degree of risk associated with investments in the securities of companies in the development stage such as the Company, is capable of
evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in the Securities and is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Securities
in the amount contemplated hereunder for an indefinite period of time. The Purchasers have adequate means of providing for its current
financial needs and contingencies and will have no current or anticipated future needs for liquidity which would be jeopardized by the
investment in the Securities. The Purchasers can afford a complete loss of its investment in the Securities.

5

Section 4. Conditions
of the Purchasers Obligations. The obligation of the Purchasers to purchase and pay for the Private Placement Warrants
is subject to the fulfillment, on or before each Closing Date, of each of the following conditions:

A. Representations and Warranties. The representations
and warranties of the Company contained in Section 2 shall be true and correct at and as of such Closing Date as though then
made.

B. Performance. The Company shall have performed and complied with all agreements, obligations and conditions contained in this Agreement that are required to be performed or complied with by it on or before such Closing Date.

C. No Injunction. No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority over the matters contemplated hereby, which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the Warrant Agreement.

D. Warrant Agreement. The Company shall have entered into the Warrant Agreement with a warrant agent on terms satisfactory to the Purchasers.

Section 5. Conditions of the Companys Obligations. The obligations
of the Company to the Purchasers under this Agreement are subject to the fulfillment, on or before each Closing Date, of each of the following
conditions:

A. Representations and Warranties. The representations
and warranties of the Purchasers contained in Section 3 shall be true and correct at and as of such Closing Date as though then
made.

B. Performance. The Purchasers shall have performed and complied with all agreements, obligations and conditions contained in this Agreement that are required to be performed or complied with by the Purchasers on or before such Closing Date.

C. Corporate Consents. The Company shall have obtained the consent of its Board of Directors authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Warrant Agreement and the issuance and sale of the Private Placement Warrants hereunder.

D. No Injunction. No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority over the matters contemplated hereby, which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the Warrant Agreement.

6

E. Warrant Agreement. The Company shall have entered into the Warrant Agreement with a warrant agent on terms satisfactory to the Company.

Section 6. Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any
time after [], 2025 upon the election by either the Company or the Purchasers upon written notice to the other party if
the closing of the Public Offering does not occur prior to such date.

Section 7. Lock-Up
Period.

A. Lock-Up. The Purchasers agree that
they shall not Transfer any Private Placement Warrants until 30 days following the consummation of the Business Combination; provided,
however, that Transfers of Private Placement Warrants are permitted (a) to the Companys or Purchasers officers or directors,
any affiliates or family members of any of the Companys or Purchasers officers or directors, any members of the Companys
sponsor, or any affiliates of the Companys sponsor, (b) in the case of an individual, by gift to a member of the individuals
immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a member of the individuals immediate family or an affiliate of such
person, or to a charitable organization; (c) in the case of an individual, by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death of
the individual; (d) in the case of an individual, pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order; (e) by virtue of the applicable laws
or Purchasers partnership agreement in the event of Purchasers liquidation; (f) in the event of the Companys liquidation
prior to the consummation of an initial business combination; provided, however, that in the case of clauses (a) through (f) these permitted
transferees must enter into a written agreement agreeing to be bound by these transfer restrictions and by the same agreements entered
into by the Companys sponsor and the Purchasers with respect to such securities.

B. Transfer. For purposes of Section
7(A), the term Transfer shall mean the (a) sale of, offer to sell, contract or agreement to sell, hypothecate, pledge,
grant of any option to purchase or otherwise dispose of or agreement to dispose of, directly or indirectly, or establishment or increase
of a put equivalent position or liquidation with respect to or decrease of a call equivalent position within the meaning of Section 16
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder with respect to, any
of the Private Placement Warrants, (b) entry into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of
the economic consequences of ownership of any of the Private Placement Warrants, whether any such transaction is to be settled by delivery
of such Private Placement Warrants, in cash or otherwise, or (c) public announcement of any intention to effect any transaction specified
in clause (a) or (b).

7

C. FINRA Disclosure. In addition to
the restrictions on transfer described in Section 7(A), Purchasers acknowledge and agree that the Private Placement Warrants and their
component parts and the related registration rights will be deemed compensation by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA)
and will therefore, pursuant to Rule 5110(e) of the FINRA Manual, be subject to lock-up for a period of 180 days immediately following
the commencement of sales in the IPO, subject to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(2). Additionally, the Private Placement Warrants and their component
parts and the related registration rights may not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated during the foregoing 180 day
period except to any underwriter or selected dealer participating in the IPO and the officers or partners, registered persons or affiliates
of the Purchasers and any such participating underwriter or selected dealer. Additionally, the Private Placement Warrants and their component
parts and the related registration rights will not be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that
would result in the economic disposition of such securities by any person for a period of 180 days immediately following the commencement
of sales in the IPO.

Section 8. Survival of Representations and Warranties. All of the
representations and warranties contained herein shall survive each Closing Date.

Section 9. Definitions. Terms used but not otherwise defined in
this Agreement shall have the meaning assigned to such terms in the registration statement on Form S-1 the Company has filed with the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, under the Securities Act.

Section 10. Miscellaneous.

A. Successors and Assigns. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement by or on behalf of any of the parties hereto shall bind and inure to the benefit of the respective successors of the parties hereto whether so expressed or not. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary herein, the parties may not assign this Agreement, other than assignments by the Purchasers to affiliates thereof (including, without limitation one or more of its members).

B. Severability. Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement is held to be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of this Agreement.

C. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed simultaneously in two or more counterparts, none of which need contain the signatures of more than one party, but all such counterparts taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.

D. Descriptive Headings; Interpretation. The descriptive headings of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and do not constitute a substantive part of this Agreement. The use of the word including in this Agreement shall be by way of example rather than by limitation.

E. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be deemed to be a contract made under the laws of the State of New York and for all purposes shall be construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York.

8

F. Amendments. This Agreement may
not be amended, modified or waived as to any particular provision, except by a written instrument executed by all parties hereto. The
terms of the Private Placement Warrants (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the forfeiture or cancellation thereof) may not be amended
except with the consent of 50% of the number of then outstanding Private Placement Warrants (including prior written consent of Cantor
Fitzgerald & Co. and Odeon Capital Group, LLC). Each of the parties hereto shall receive notice of any proposed amendment to the terms
of the Private Placement Warrants at least two business days prior to the effective date of such amendment.

[Signature Page Follows]

9

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement to be effective as of the date first set forth above.

COMPANY:

TITAN ACQUISITION CORP.

By: 

Name: Adeel Rouf

Title: Chief Financial Officer

PURCHASERS:

CANTOR FITZGERALD & CO.

By: 

Name: Sage Kelly

Title: Global Head of Investment Banking

ODEON CAPITAL GROUP LLC

By: 

Name: Eric Gomberg

Title: Senior Vice President

[Signature Page to Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement]

10
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.7
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>titanacq_ex10-7.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.7
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.7

Execution Version

Titan Acquisition Corp.

131 Concord Street

Brooklyn, NY 11201

April 8, 2025

Titan Acquisition Sponsor Holdco LLC

131 Concord Street

Brooklyn, NY 11201

Re: Administrative Services Agreement

Ladies and Gentlemen:

This letter agreement (this Agreement) by and between Titan Acquisition Corp. (the Company) and Titan Acquisition Sponsor Holdco LLC (Sponsor), dated as of the date hereof, will confirm our agreement that, commencing on the date the securities of the Company are first listed on The Nasdaq Global Exchange (the Listing Date), pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-1 and prospectus filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Registration Statement) and continuing until the earlier of the consummation by the Company of an initial business combination and the Companys liquidation (in each case as described in the Registration Statement) (such earlier date hereinafter referred to as the Termination Date):

1. Sponsor shall make available, or cause to be made available, to the Company, office space, secretarial and administrative support services and other services as may be reasonably required by the Company. In exchange therefor, the Company shall pay Sponsor up to $10,000 per month on the Listing Date and continuing monthly thereafter until the Termination Date.

2. Sponsor hereby irrevocably waives any and all right, title, interest, causes of action and claims of any kind as a result of, or arising out of, this Agreement (each, a Claim) in or to, and any and all right to seek payment of any amounts due to it out of, the trust account established for the benefit of the public shareholders of the Company and into which substantially all of the proceeds of the Companys initial public offering will be deposited (the Trust Account), and hereby irrevocably waives any Claim it may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, this Agreement, which Claim would reduce, encumber or otherwise adversely affect the Trust Account or any monies or other assets in the Trust Account, and further agrees not to seek recourse, reimbursement, payment or satisfaction of any Claim against the Trust Account or any monies or other assets in the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever.

3. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of its subject matter and supersedes all prior understandings, agreements, or representations by or among the parties hereto, written or oral, to the extent they relate in any way to the subject matter hereof or the transactions contemplated hereby.

4. This Agreement may not be amended, modified or waived as to any particular provision, except by a written instrument executed by the parties hereto.

5. No party hereto may assign either this Agreement or any of its rights, interests, or obligations hereunder without the prior written approval of the other party. Any purported assignment in violation of this paragraph shall be void and ineffectual and shall not operate to transfer or assign any interest or title to the purported assignee.

6. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York for agreements made and to be wholly performed within such state, without regards to the conflicts of laws principles thereof.

[Signature Page Follows]

Very truly yours, 

TITAN ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: /s/ Adeel Rouf 

Name: Adeel Rouf 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

AGREED AND ACCEPTED BY:

TITAN ACQUISITION SPONSOR HOLDCO LLC

By /s/ Adeel Rouf 

Name: Adeel Rouf 

Title: Managing Member 

[Signature Page to Administrative Services Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.8
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>titanacq_ex10-8.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.8
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.8

Execution Version

FORM OF INDEMNITY AGREEMENT

THIS INDEMNITY AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made as of April 8, 2025, by and between Titan Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), and the undersigned below (Indemnitee).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, highly competent persons have become more reluctant to serve publicly-held companies as directors, officers or in other capacities unless they are provided with adequate protection through insurance or adequate indemnification against inordinate risks of claims and actions against them arising out of their service to and activities on behalf of such companies;

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board) has determined that, in order to attract and retain qualified individuals, the Company will attempt to maintain on an ongoing basis, at its sole expense, liability insurance to protect persons serving the Company and its Subsidiaries (as defined below) from certain liabilities;

WHEREAS, while the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company provide for the indemnification of the officers and directors of the Company, Indemnitee may also be entitled to indemnification pursuant to applicable Cayman Islands law, and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provide that the indemnification provisions set forth therein are not exclusive, and thereby contemplate that contracts may be entered into between the Company and members of the board of directors, officers and other persons with respect to indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration, advancement and reimbursement rights;

WHEREAS, the uncertainties relating to such insurance and to indemnification have increased the difficulty of attracting and retaining such persons;

WHEREAS, the Board has determined that the increased difficulty in attracting and retaining such persons is detrimental to the best interests of the Companys shareholders and that the Company should act to assure such persons that there will be increased certainty of such protection in the future;

WHEREAS, it is reasonable, prudent and necessary for the Company contractually to obligate itself to indemnify, hold harmless, exonerate and to advance expenses on behalf of, such persons to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company so that they will serve or continue to serve the Company free from undue concern that they will not be so protected against liabilities;

WHEREAS, this Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company and any resolutions adopted pursuant thereto, and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder; and

WHEREAS, Indemnitee may not be willing to serve as an officer or director without adequate protection, and the Company desires Indemnitee to serve in such capacity, and Indemnitee is willing to serve, continue to serve and to take on additional service for or on behalf of the Company on the condition that he or she be so indemnified.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the covenants contained herein, the Company and Indemnitee do hereby covenant and agree as follows:

TERMS AND CONDITIONS

1. SERVICES TO THE COMPANY. In consideration of the Companys covenants and obligations hereunder, Indemnitee will serve or continue to serve as an officer, director, advisor, key employee or any other capacity of the Company, as applicable, for so long as Indemnitee is duly elected or appointed or retained or until Indemnitee tenders his or her resignation or until Indemnitee is removed. The foregoing notwithstanding, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect after Indemnitee has ceased to serve as a director, officer, advisor, key employee or in any other capacity of the Company, as provided in Section 17. This Agreement, however, shall not impose any obligation on Indemnitee or the Company to continue Indemnitees service to the Company beyond any period otherwise required by law or by other agreements or commitments of the parties, if any.

2. DEFINITIONS. As used in this Agreement:

(a) References to agent shall mean any person who is or was a director, officer or employee of the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company or other person authorized by the Company to act for the Company, to include such person serving in such capacity as a director, officer, employee, fiduciary or other official of another company, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust or other enterprise at the request of, for the convenience of, or to represent the interests of the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company.

(b) The terms Beneficial Owner and Beneficial Ownership shall have the meanings set forth in Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act (as defined below) as in effect on the date hereof.

(c) Cayman Court shall mean the courts of the Cayman Islands.

(d) A Change in Control shall be deemed to occur upon the earliest to occur after the date of this Agreement of any of the following events:

(i) Acquisition of Shares by Third Party. Other than an affiliate of Titan Acquisition Sponsor Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor), any Person (as defined below) is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing fifteen percent (15%) or more of the combined voting power of the Companys then outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, unless (1) the change in the relative Beneficial Ownership of the Companys securities by any Person results solely from a reduction in the aggregate number of outstanding shares of securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, or (2) such acquisition was approved in advance by the Continuing Directors (as defined below) and such acquisition would not constitute a Change in Control under part (iii) of this definition;

2

(ii) Change in Board of Directors. Individuals who, as of the date hereof, constitute the Board, and any new director whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the Companys shareholders was approved by a vote of at least two thirds of the directors then still in office who were directors on the date hereof or whose election for nomination for election was previously so approved (collectively, the Continuing Directors), cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board;

(iii) Corporate Transactions. The effective date of a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination, involving the Company and one or more businesses (a Business Combination), in each case, unless, following such Business Combination: (1) all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the Beneficial Owners of securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 50% of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors resulting from such Business Combination (including, without limitation, a company which as a result of such transaction owns the Company or all or substantially all of the Companys assets either directly or through one or more Subsidiaries) in substantially the same proportions as their ownership immediately prior to such Business Combination, of the securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors; (2) other than an affiliate of the Sponsor, no Person (excluding any company resulting from such Business Combination) is the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of 15% or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors of the surviving company except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the Business Combination; and (3) at least a majority of the Board of Directors of the company resulting from such Business Combination were Continuing Directors at the time of the execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Board of Directors, providing for such Business Combination;

(iv) Liquidation. The approval by the shareholders of the Company of a complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement or series of agreements for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Companys assets, other than factoring the Companys current receivables or escrows due (or, if such approval is not required, the decision by the Board to proceed with such a liquidation, sale, or disposition in one transaction or a series of related transactions); or

3

(v) Other Events. There occurs any other event of a nature that would be required to be reported in response to Item 6(e) of Schedule 14A of Regulation 14A (or any successor rule) (or a response to any similar item on any similar schedule or form) promulgated under the Exchange Act (as defined below), whether or not the Company is then subject to such reporting requirement.

(e) Companies Law shall mean the Companies Act (Revised) of the Cayman Islands, as amended from time to time.

(f) Corporate Status describes the status of a person who is or was a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of the Company or of any other Enterprise (as defined below) which such person is or was serving at the request of the Company.

(g) Disinterested Director shall mean a director of the Company who is not and was not a party to the Proceeding (as defined below) in respect of which indemnification is sought by Indemnitee.

(h) Enterprise shall mean the Company and any other company, corporation, constituent company or corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its wholly owned Subsidiaries) is a party, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise of which Indemnitee is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, general partner, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent.

(i) Exchange Act shall mean the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

(j) Expenses shall include all direct and indirect costs, fees and expenses of any type or nature whatsoever, including, without limitation, all reasonable attorneys fees and costs, retainers, court costs, transcript costs, fees of experts, witness fees, travel expenses, fees of private investigators and professional advisors, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees, fax transmission charges, secretarial services and all other disbursements, obligations or expenses in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, being or preparing to be a witness in, settlement or appeal of, or otherwise participating in, a Proceeding (as defined below), including reasonable compensation for time spent by the Indemnitee for which he or she is not otherwise compensated by the Company or any third party. Expenses also shall include Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from any Proceeding (as defined below), including without limitation the principal, premium, security for, and other costs relating to any cost bond, supersedes bond, or other appeal bond or its equivalent. Expenses, however, shall not include amounts paid in settlement by Indemnitee or the amount of judgments or fines against Indemnitee.

4

(k) References to fines shall include any excise tax assessed on Indemnitee with respect to any employee benefit plan.

(l) References to serving at the request of the Company shall include any service as a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in the best interests of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan, Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best interests of the Company as referred to in this Agreement.

(m) Independent Counsel shall mean a law firm or a member of a law firm with significant experience in matters of corporation law and that neither presently is, nor in the past five years has been, retained to represent: (i) the Company or Indemnitee in any matter material to either such party (other than with respect to matters concerning Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar indemnification agreements); or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding (as defined below) giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Independent Counsel shall not include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitees rights under this Agreement.

(n) The term Person shall have the meaning as set forth in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act as in effect on the date hereof; provided, however, that Person shall exclude: (i) the Company; (ii) any Subsidiaries of the Company; (iii) any employment benefit plan of the Company or of a Subsidiary (as defined below) of the Company or of any corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of shares of the Company; and (iv) any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or of a Subsidiary (as defined below) of the Company or of a corporation owned directly or indirectly by the shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of shares of the Company.

(o) The term Proceeding shall include any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, arbitration, mediation, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, inquiry, administrative hearing or any other actual, threatened or completed proceeding, whether brought in the right of the Company or otherwise and whether of a civil (including intentional or unintentional tort claims), criminal, administrative or investigative or related nature, in which Indemnitee was, is, will or might be involved as a party or otherwise by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was a director or officer of the Company, by reason of any action (or failure to act) taken by him or her or of any action (or failure to act) on his or her part while acting as a director or officer of the Company, or by reason of the fact that he or she is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, general partner, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise, in each case whether or not serving in such capacity at the time any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification, reimbursement, or advancement of expenses can be provided under this Agreement.

5

(p) The term Subsidiary, with respect to any Person, shall mean any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust or other entity of which a majority of the voting power of the voting equity securities or equity interest is owned, directly or indirectly, by that Person.

3. INDEMNITY IN THIRD-PARTY PROCEEDINGS. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, the Company shall indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3 if Indemnitee was, is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise) in any Proceeding, other than a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status. Pursuant to this Section 3, Indemnitee shall be indemnified, held harmless and exonerated against all Expenses, judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually, and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on his or her behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company and, in the case of a criminal Proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful.

4. INDEMNITY IN PROCEEDINGS BY OR IN THE RIGHT OF THE COMPANY. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, the Company shall indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of this Section 4 if Indemnitee was, is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise) in any Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status. Pursuant to this Section 4, Indemnitee shall be indemnified, held harmless and exonerated against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her on his or her behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company. No indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration for Expenses shall be made under this Section 4 in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which Indemnitee shall have been finally adjudged by a court to be liable to the Company, unless and only to the extent that any court in which the Proceeding was brought or the Cayman Court shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification, to be held harmless or to exoneration.

6

5. INDEMNIFICATION FOR EXPENSES OF A PARTY WHO IS WHOLLY OR PARTLY SUCCESSFUL. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement except for Section 27, to the extent that Indemnitee was or is, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, a party to (or a participant in) and is successful, on the merits or otherwise, in any Proceeding or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, in whole or in part, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her in connection therewith. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding but is successful, on the merits or otherwise, as to one or more but less than all claims, issues or matters in such Proceeding, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her or on his or her behalf in connection with each successfully resolved claim, issue or matter. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding, the Company also shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee against all Expenses reasonably incurred in connection with a claim, issue or matter related to any claim, issue, or matter on which Indemnitee was successful. For purposes of this Section and without limitation, the termination of any claim, issue or matter in such a Proceeding by dismissal, with or without prejudice, shall be deemed to be a successful result as to such claim, issue or matter.

6. INDEMNIFICATION FOR EXPENSES OF A WITNESS. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement except for Section 27, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of his or her Corporate Status, a witness or deponent in any Proceeding to which Indemnitee was or is not a party or threatened to be made a party, he or she shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, be indemnified, held harmless and exonerated against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her or on his or her behalf in connection therewith.

7. ADDITIONAL INDEMNIFICATION, HOLD HARMLESS AND EXONERATION RIGHTS.

(a) Notwithstanding any limitation in Sections 3, 4, or 5, except for Section 27, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee if Indemnitee is a party to or threatened to be made a party to any Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor) against all Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the Proceeding. No indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration rights shall be available under this Section 7(a) on account of Indemnitees conduct which constitutes a breach of Indemnitees duty of loyalty to the Company or its shareholders or is an act or omission not in good faith or which involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of the law.

7

(b) Notwithstanding any limitation in Sections 3, 4, 5 or 7(a), except for Section 27, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee if Indemnitee is a party to or threatened to be made a party to any Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor) against all Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the Proceeding.

8. CONTRIBUTION IN THE EVENT OF JOINT LIABILITY.

(a) To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, if the indemnification, hold harmless and/or exoneration rights provided for in this Agreement are unavailable to Indemnitee in whole or in part for any reason whatsoever, the Company, in lieu of indemnifying, holding harmless or exonerating Indemnitee, shall pay, in the first instance, the entire amount incurred by Indemnitee, whether for judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and/or for Expenses, in connection with any Proceeding without requiring Indemnitee to contribute to such payment, and the Company hereby waives and relinquishes any right of contribution it may have at any time against Indemnitee.

(b) The Company shall not enter into any settlement of any Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding) unless such settlement provides for a full and final release of all claims asserted against Indemnitee.

(c) The Company hereby agrees to fully indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee from any claims for contribution which may be brought by officers, directors or employees of the Company other than Indemnitee who may be jointly liable with Indemnitee.

9. EXCLUSIONS. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement, the Company shall not be obligated under this Agreement to make any indemnification, advance expenses, hold harmless or exoneration payment in connection with any claim made against Indemnitee:

(a) for which payment has actually been received by or on behalf of Indemnitee under any insurance policy or other indemnity or advancement provision and which payment has not subsequently been returned, except with respect to any excess beyond the amount actually received under any insurance policy, contract, agreement, other indemnity or advancement provision or otherwise;

8

(b) for an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) by Indemnitee of securities of the Company within the meaning of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act (or any successor rule) or similar provisions of state statutory law or common law; or

(c) except as otherwise provided in Sections 14(f)-(g) hereof, prior to a Change in Control, in connection with any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee, including any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee against the Company or its directors, officers, employees or other indemnitees, unless (i) the Board authorized the Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) prior to its initiation or (ii) the Company provides the indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration payment, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the Company under applicable law.

10. ADVANCES OF EXPENSES; DEFENSE OF CLAIM.

(a) Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary except for Section 27, and to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law, the Company shall pay the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee (or reasonably expected by Indemnitee to be incurred by Indemnitee within three months) in connection with any Proceeding within ten (10) days after the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements requesting such advances from time to time, prior to the final disposition of any Proceeding. Advances shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, be unsecured and interest free. Advances shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, be made without regard to Indemnitees ability to repay the Expenses and without regard to Indemnitees ultimate entitlement to be indemnified, held harmless or exonerated under the other provisions of this Agreement. Advances shall include any and all reasonable Expenses incurred pursuing a Proceeding to enforce this right of advancement, including Expenses incurred preparing and forwarding statements to the Company to support the advances claimed. To the fullest extent required by applicable law, such payments of Expenses in advance of the final disposition of the Proceeding shall be made only upon the Companys receipt of an undertaking, by or on behalf of Indemnitee, to repay the advanced amounts to the extent that it is ultimately determined that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company under the provisions of this Agreement, the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, applicable law or otherwise. This Section 10(a) shall not apply to any claim made by Indemnitee for which an indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration payment is excluded pursuant to Section 9.

(b) The Company will be entitled to participate in the Proceeding at its own expense.

(c) The Company shall not settle any action, claim or Proceeding (in whole or in part) which would impose any Expense, judgment, fine, penalty or limitation on Indemnitee without Indemnitees prior written consent.

9

11. PROCEDURE FOR NOTIFICATION AND APPLICATION FOR INDEMNIFICATION.

(a) Indemnitee agrees to notify promptly the Company in writing upon being served with any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document relating to any Proceeding, claim, issue or matter therein which may be subject to indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration rights, or advancement of Expenses covered hereunder. The failure of Indemnitee to so notify the Company shall not relieve the Company of any obligation which it may have to Indemnitee under this Agreement, or otherwise.

(b) Indemnitee may deliver to the Company a written application to indemnify, hold harmless or exonerate Indemnitee in accordance with this Agreement. Such application(s) may be delivered from time to time and at such time(s) as Indemnitee deems appropriate in his or her sole discretion. Following such a written application for indemnification by Indemnitee, Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification shall be determined according to Section 12(a) of this Agreement.

12. PROCEDURE UPON APPLICATION FOR INDEMNIFICATION.

(a) A determination, if required by applicable law, with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification shall be made in the specific case by one of the following methods, which shall be at the election of Indemnitee: (i) by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum of the Board, (ii) by a committee of such directors designated by majority vote of such directors, (iii) if there are no Disinterested Directors or if such directors so direct, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee, or (iv) by vote of the shareholders. The Company promptly will advise Indemnitee in writing with respect to any determination that Indemnitee is or is not entitled to indemnification, including a description of any reason or basis for which indemnification has been denied. If it is so determined that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, payment to Indemnitee shall be made within ten (10) days after such determination. Indemnitee shall reasonably cooperate with the person, persons or entity making such determination with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification, including providing to such person, persons or entity upon reasonable advance request any documentation or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to such determination. Any costs or Expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements) incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating with the person, persons or entity making such determination shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination as to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification) and the Company hereby agrees to indemnify and to hold Indemnitee harmless therefrom.

10

(b) In the event the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 12(a) hereof, the Independent Counsel shall be selected as provided in this Section 12(b). The Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee (unless Indemnitee shall request that such selection be made by the Board), and Indemnitee shall give written notice to the Company advising it of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected and certifying that the Independent Counsel so selected meets the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement. If the Independent Counsel is selected by the Board, the Company shall give written notice to Indemnitee advising him or her of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected and certifying that the Independent Counsel so selected meets the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement. In either event, Indemnitee or the Company, as the case may be, may, within ten (10) days after such written notice of selection shall have been received, deliver to the Company or to Indemnitee, as the case may be, a written objection to such selection; provided, however, that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement, and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If such written objection is so made and substantiated, the Independent Counsel so selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or a court of competent jurisdiction has determined that such objection is without merit. If, within twenty (20) days after submission by Indemnitee of a written request for indemnification pursuant to Section 11(b) hereof, no Independent Counsel shall have been selected and not objected to, either the Company or Indemnitee may petition the Cayman Court for resolution of any objection which shall have been made by the Company or Indemnitee to the others selection of Independent Counsel and/or for the appointment as Independent Counsel of a person selected by the Cayman Court, and the person with respect to whom all objections are so resolved or the person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under Section (a) hereof. Upon the due commencement of any judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to Section 14(a) of this Agreement, Independent Counsel shall be discharged and relieved of any further responsibility in such capacity (subject to the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing).

(c) The Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees and expenses of Independent Counsel and to fully indemnify and hold harmless such Independent Counsel against any and all Expenses, claims, liabilities and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement pursuant hereto.

13. PRESUMPTIONS AND EFFECT OF CERTAIN PROCEEDINGS.

(a) In making a determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification hereunder, the person, persons or entity making such determination shall presume that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement if Indemnitee has submitted a request for indemnification in accordance with Section 11(b) of this Agreement, and the Company shall have the burden of proof to overcome that presumption in connection with the making by any person, persons or entity of any determination contrary to that presumption. Neither the failure of the Company (including by the Disinterested Directors or Independent Counsel) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of any action pursuant to this Agreement that indemnification is proper in the circumstances because Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct, nor an actual determination by the Company (including by the Disinterested Directors or Independent Counsel) that Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct.

11

(b) If the person, persons or entity empowered or selected under Section 12 of this Agreement to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification shall not have made a determination within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request therefor, the requisite determination of entitlement to indemnification shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee 12 shall be entitled to such indemnification, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a final judicial determination that any or all such indemnification is expressly prohibited under applicable law or the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company; provided, however, that such 30-day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional fifteen (15) days, if the person, persons or entity making the determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification in good faith requires such additional time for the obtaining or evaluating of documentation and/or information relating thereto.

(c) The termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue or matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect the right of Indemnitee to indemnification or create a presumption that Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a manner which he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful.

(d) For purposes of any determination of good faith, Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith if Indemnitees action is based on the records or books of account of the Enterprise, including financial statements, or on information supplied to Indemnitee by the directors, manager, or officers of the Enterprise in the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel for the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general partner, manager or managing member, or on information or records given or reports made to the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general partner, manager or managing member, by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert selected by the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general partner, manager or managing member. The provisions of this Section 13(d) shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to limit in any way the other circumstances in which Indemnitee may be deemed or found to have met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in this Agreement.

12

(e) The knowledge and/or actions, or failure to act, of any other director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, agent or employee of the Enterprise shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnification under this Agreement.

14. REMEDIES OF INDEMNITEE.

(a) In the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to Section 12 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, (ii) advancement of Expenses, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, is not timely made pursuant to Section 10 of this Agreement, (iii) no determination of entitlement to indemnification shall have been made pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request for indemnification, (iv) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Section 5, 6, 7 or the last sentence of Section 12(a) of this Agreement within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor, (v) a contribution payment is not made in a timely manner pursuant to Section 8 of this Agreement, (vi) payment of indemnification pursuant to Section 3 or 4 of this Agreement is not made within ten (10) days after a determination has been made that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, or (vii) payment to Indemnitee pursuant to any hold harmless or exoneration rights under this Agreement or otherwise is not made in accordance with this Agreement, Indemnitee shall be entitled to an adjudication by the Cayman Court to such indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration, contribution or advancement rights. Alternatively, Indemnitee, at his or her option, may seek an award in arbitration to be conducted by a single arbitrator pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. Except as set forth herein, the provisions of Cayman Islands law (without regard to its conflict of laws rules) shall apply to any such arbitration. The Company shall not oppose Indemnitees right to seek any such adjudication or award in arbitration.

(b) In the event that a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14 shall be conducted in all respects as a de novo trial, or arbitration, on the merits and Indemnitee shall not be prejudiced by reason of that adverse determination.

13

(c) In any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14, Indemnitee shall be presumed to be entitled to be indemnified, held harmless, exonerated to receive advancement of Expenses under this Agreement and the Company shall have the burden of proving Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified, held harmless, exonerated and to receive advancement of Expenses, as the case may be, and the Company may not refer to or introduce into evidence any determination pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement adverse to Indemnitee for any purpose. If Indemnitee commences a judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to this Section 14, Indemnitee shall not be required to reimburse the Company for any advances pursuant to Section 10 until a final determination is made with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification (as to which all rights of appeal have been exhausted or lapsed).

(d) If a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, the Company shall be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law.

(e) The Company shall be precluded from asserting in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14 that the procedures and presumptions of this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court or before any such arbitrator that the Company is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement.

(f) The Company shall indemnify and hold harmless Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company against all Expenses and, if requested by Indemnitee, shall (within ten (10) days after the Companys receipt of such written request) pay to Indemnitee, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, such Expenses which are incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any judicial proceeding or arbitration brought by Indemnitee: (i) to enforce his or her rights under, or to recover damages for breach of, this Agreement or any other indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration, advancement or contribution agreement or provision of the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association now or hereafter in effect; or (ii) for recovery or advances under any insurance policy maintained by any person for the benefit of Indemnitee, regardless of the outcome and whether Indemnitee ultimately is determined to be entitled to such indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration right, advancement, contribution or insurance recovery, as the case may be (unless such judicial proceeding or arbitration was not brought by Indemnitee in good faith).

(g) Interest shall be paid by the Company to Indemnitee at the legal rate under New York law for amounts which the Company indemnifies, holds harmless or exonerates, or advances, or is obliged to indemnify, hold harmless or exonerate or advance for the period commencing with the date on which Indemnitee requests indemnification, to be held harmless, exonerated, contribution, reimbursement or advancement of any Expenses and ending with the date on which such payment is made to Indemnitee by the Company.

14

15. SECURITY. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, except for Section 27, to the extent requested by Indemnitee and approved by the Board, the Company may at any time and from time to time provide security to Indemnitee for the Companys obligations hereunder through an irrevocable bank line of credit, funded trust or other collateral. Any such security, once provided to Indemnitee, may not be revoked or released without the prior written consent of Indemnitee.

16. NON-EXCLUSIVITY; SURVIVAL OF RIGHTS; INSURANCE; SUBROGATION.

(a) The rights of Indemnitee as provided by this Agreement shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled under applicable law, the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, any agreement, a vote of shareholders or a resolution of directors, or otherwise. No amendment, alteration or repeal of this Agreement or of any provision hereof shall limit or restrict any right of Indemnitee under this Agreement in respect of any Proceeding (regardless of when such Proceeding is first threatened, commenced or completed) or claim, issue or matter therein arising out of, or related to, any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee in his or her Corporate Status prior to such amendment, alteration or repeal. To the extent that a change in applicable law, whether by statute or judicial decision, permits greater indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration rights or advancement of Expenses than would be afforded currently under the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association or this Agreement, it is the intent of the parties hereto that Indemnitee shall enjoy by this Agreement the greater benefits so afforded by such change. No right or remedy herein conferred is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every other right and remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other right or remedy.

(b) The Companies Law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association permit the Company to purchase and maintain insurance or furnish similar protection or make other arrangements including, but not limited to, providing a trust fund, letter of credit, or surety bond (Indemnification Arrangements) on behalf of Indemnitee against any liability asserted against him or her or incurred by or on behalf of him or her or in such capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company, or arising out of his or her status as such, whether or not the Company would have the power to indemnify him or her against such liability under the provisions of this Agreement or under the Companies Law, as it may then be in effect. The purchase, establishment, and maintenance of any such Indemnification Arrangement shall not in any way limit or affect the rights and obligations of the Company or of Indemnitee under this Agreement except as expressly provided herein, and the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company and Indemnitee shall not in any way limit or affect the rights and obligations of the Company or the other party or parties thereto under any such Indemnification Arrangement.

15

(c) To the extent that the Company maintains an insurance policy or policies providing liability insurance for directors, officers, trustees, partners, managers, managing members, fiduciaries, employees, or agents of the Company or of any other Enterprise which such person serves at the request of the Company, Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any such director, officer, trustee, partner, managers, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent under such policy or policies. If, at the time the Company receives notice from any source of a Proceeding as to which Indemnitee is a party or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise), the Company has director and officer liability insurance in effect, the Company shall give prompt notice of such Proceeding to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the respective policies. The Company shall thereafter take all necessary or desirable action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of such Proceeding in accordance with the terms of such policies.

(d) In the event of any payment under this Agreement, the Company, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee, including with respect to any insurance. The Indemnitee shall execute all papers required and take all action necessary to secure such 16 rights, including execution of such documents as are necessary to enable the Company to bring suit to enforce such rights. No such payment by the Company shall be deemed to relieve any insurer of its obligations.

(e) The Companys obligation to indemnify, hold harmless, exonerate or advance Expenses hereunder to Indemnitee who is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise shall be reduced by any amount Indemnitee has actually received as indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration payments or advancement of expenses from such Enterprise. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary except for Section 27, (i) Indemnitee shall have no obligation to reduce, offset, allocate, pursue or apportion any indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration, advancement, contribution or insurance coverage among multiple parties possessing such duties to Indemnitee prior to the Companys satisfaction and performance of all its obligations under this Agreement, and (ii) the Company shall perform fully its obligations under this Agreement without regard to whether Indemnitee holds, may pursue or has pursued any indemnification, advancement, hold harmless, exoneration, contribution or insurance coverage rights against any person or entity other than the Company.

(f) Notwithstanding anything contained herein, the Company is the primary indemnitor, and any indemnification or advancement obligation of the Sponsor or its affiliates is secondary.

16

17. DURATION OF AGREEMENT. All agreements and obligations of the Company contained herein shall continue during the period Indemnitee serves as a director or officer of the Company or as a director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other Enterprise which Indemnitee serves at the request of the Company and shall continue thereafter so long as Indemnitee shall be subject to any possible Proceeding (including any rights of appeal thereto and any Proceeding commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 14 of this Agreement) by reason of his or her Corporate Status, whether or not he or she is acting in any such capacity at the time any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification or advancement can be provided under this Agreement.

18. SEVERABILITY. If any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever: (a) the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company; (b) such provision or provisions shall be deemed reformed to the extent necessary to conform to applicable law and to give the maximum effect to the intent of the parties hereto; and (c) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested thereby.

19. ENFORCEMENT AND BINDING EFFECT.

(a) The Company expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this Agreement and assumed the obligations imposed on it hereby in order to induce Indemnitee to serve as a director, officer or key employee of the Company, and the Company acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying upon this Agreement in serving as a director, officer or key employee of the Company.

(b) Without limiting any of the rights of Indemnitee under the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company as they may be amended from time to time, this Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, oral, written and implied, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof.

17

(c) The indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration and advancement of expenses rights provided by or granted pursuant to this Agreement shall be binding upon and be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company), shall continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company or a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise at the Companys request, and shall inure to the benefit of Indemnitee and his or her spouse, assigns, heirs, devisees, executors and administrators and other legal representatives.

(d) The Company shall require and cause any successor (whether direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all, substantially all or a substantial part, of the business and/or assets of the Company, by written agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Indemnitee, expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place.

(e) The Company and Indemnitee agree herein that a monetary remedy for breach of this Agreement, at some later date, may be inadequate, impracticable and difficult of proof, and further agree that such breach may cause Indemnitee irreparable harm. Accordingly, the parties hereto agree that Indemnitee may, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, enforce this Agreement by seeking, among other things, injunctive relief and/or specific performance hereof, without any necessity of showing actual damage or irreparable harm and that by seeking injunctive relief and/or specific performance, Indemnitee shall not be precluded from seeking or obtaining any other relief to which he or she may be entitled. The Company and Indemnitee further agree that Indemnitee shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, be entitled to such specific performance and injunctive relief, including temporary restraining orders, preliminary injunctions and permanent injunctions, without the necessity of posting bonds or other undertaking in connection therewith. The Company acknowledges that in the absence of a waiver, a bond or undertaking may be required of Indemnitee by a court of competent jurisdiction, Company hereby waives any such requirement of such a bond or undertaking to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company.

20. MODIFICATION AND WAIVER. No supplement, modification or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by the Company and Indemnitee. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions of this Agreement nor shall any waiver constitute a continuing waiver.

18

21. NOTICES. All notices, requests, demands and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given (i) if delivered by hand and receipted for by the party to whom said notice or other communication shall have been directed, or (ii) mailed by certified or registered mail with postage prepaid, on the third (3rd) business day after the date on which it is so mailed:

(a) If to Indemnitee, at the address indicated on the signature page of this Agreement, or such other address as Indemnitee shall provide in writing to the Company.

(b) If to the Company, to:

Titan Acquisition Corp.

131 Concord Street

Brooklyn, NY 11201

Attention: Chief Executive Officer

With a copy, which shall not constitute notice, to

Winston & Strawn LLP

800 Capitol St. STE 2400

Houston, TX 77002

Attn: Michael J. Blankenship

or to any other address as may have been furnished to Indemnitee in writing by the Company.

22. APPLICABLE LAW AND CONSENT TO JURISDICTION. This Agreement and the legal relations among the parties shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. Except with respect to any arbitration commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 14(a) of this Agreement, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, the Company and Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally: (a) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in the Cayman Court and not in any other state or federal court in the United States of America or any court in any other country; (b) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Cayman Court for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement; (c) waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such action or proceeding in the Cayman Court; and (d) waive, and agree not to plead or to make, any claim that any such action or proceeding brought in the Cayman Court has been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum, or is subject (in whole or in part) to a jury trial. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, the parties hereby agree that the mailing of process and other papers in connection with any such action or proceeding in the manner provided by Section 21 or in such other manner as may be permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, shall be valid and sufficient service thereof.

19

23. IDENTICAL COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. Only one such counterpart signed by the party against whom enforceability is sought needs to be produced to evidence the existence of this Agreement.

24. MISCELLANEOUS. Use of the masculine pronoun shall be deemed to include usage of the feminine pronoun where appropriate. The headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Agreement or to affect the construction thereof.

25. PERIOD OF LIMITATIONS. No legal action shall be brought and no cause of action shall be asserted by or in the right of the Company against Indemnitee, Indemnitees spouse, heirs, executors or personal or legal representatives after the expiration of two years from the date of accrual of such cause of action, and any claim or cause of action of the Company shall be extinguished and deemed released unless asserted by the timely filing of a legal action within such two-year period; provided, however, that if any shorter period of limitations is otherwise applicable to any such cause of action such shorter period shall govern.

26. ADDITIONAL ACTS. If for the validation of any of the provisions in this Agreement any act, resolution, approval or other procedure is required to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, the Company undertakes to cause such act, resolution, approval or other procedure to be affected or adopted in a manner that will enable the Company to fulfill its obligations under this Agreement.

27. WAIVER OF CLAIMS TO TRUST ACCOUNT. Indemnitee hereby agrees that he or she does not have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind (each, a Claim) in or to any monies in the trust account established in connection with the Companys initial public offering for the benefit of the Company and holders of shares issued in such offering, and hereby waives any Claim he or she may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to the Company and will not seek recourse against such trust account for any reason whatsoever.

28. MAINTENANCE OF INSURANCE. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain and maintain in effect during the entire period for which the Company is obligated to indemnify the Indemnitee under this Agreement, one or more policies of insurance with reputable insurance companies to provide the officers/directors of the Company with coverage for losses from wrongful acts and omissions and to ensure the Companys performance of its indemnification obligations under this Agreement. The Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any such director or officer under such policy or policies. In all such insurance policies, the Indemnitee shall be named as an insured in such a manner as to provide the Indemnitee with the same rights and benefits as are accorded to the most favorably insured of the Companys directors and officers.

20

29. INTERPRETATION

In this Agreement:

(a) words importing the singular number include the plural number and vice versa; words importing the masculine gender include the feminine gender; words importing persons include corporations as well as any other legal or natural person;

(b) written and in writing include all modes of representing or reproducing words in visible form, including in the form of an Electronic Record;

(c) shall shall be construed as imperative and may shall be construed as permissive;

(d) references to provisions of any law or regulation shall be construed as references to those provisions as amended, modified, re-enacted or replaced;

(e) any phrase introduced by the terms including, include, in particular or any similar expression shall be construed as illustrative and shall not limit the sense of the words preceding those terms;

(f) the term and/or is used herein to mean both and as well as or. The use of and/or in certain contexts in no respects qualifies or modifies the use of the terms and or or in others. The term or shall not be interpreted to be exclusive and the term and shall not be interpreted to require the conjunctive (in each case, unless the context otherwise requires);

(g) headings are inserted for reference only and shall be ignored in construing this Agreement;

(h) any requirements as to delivery under this Agreement include delivery in the form of an electronic record (as defined in the Electronic Transactions Act (Revised));

(i) any requirements as to execution or signature under this Agreement including the execution of this Agreement itself can be satisfied in the form of an electronic signature (as defined in the Electronic Transactions Act (Revised));

(j) sections 8 and 19(3) of the Electronic Transactions Act (Revised) shall not apply.

[Signature Page Follows]

21

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Indemnity Agreement to be signed as of the day and year first above written.

TITAN ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: /s/ Adeel Rouf 

Name: Adeel Rouf 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

INDEMNITEE 

/s/ Adeel Rouf 

Name: Adeel Rouf 

Address for notices: 131 Concord Street,

Brooklyn, NY 11201 

[Signature page to Indemnity Agreement]

22
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.9
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>titanacq_ex10-9.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.9
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.9

Execution Version

FORM OF INDEMNITY AGREEMENT

THIS INDEMNITY AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made as of April 8, 2025, by and between Titan Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), and the undersigned below (Indemnitee).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, highly competent persons have become more reluctant to serve publicly-held companies as directors, officers or in other capacities unless they are provided with adequate protection through insurance or adequate indemnification against inordinate risks of claims and actions against them arising out of their service to and activities on behalf of such companies;

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board) has determined that, in order to attract and retain qualified individuals, the Company will attempt to maintain on an ongoing basis, at its sole expense, liability insurance to protect persons serving the Company and its Subsidiaries (as defined below) from certain liabilities;

WHEREAS, while the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company provide for the indemnification of the officers and directors of the Company, Indemnitee may also be entitled to indemnification pursuant to applicable Cayman Islands law, and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provide that the indemnification provisions set forth therein are not exclusive, and thereby contemplate that contracts may be entered into between the Company and members of the board of directors, officers and other persons with respect to indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration, advancement and reimbursement rights;

WHEREAS, the uncertainties relating to such insurance and to indemnification have increased the difficulty of attracting and retaining such persons;

WHEREAS, the Board has determined that the increased difficulty in attracting and retaining such persons is detrimental to the best interests of the Companys shareholders and that the Company should act to assure such persons that there will be increased certainty of such protection in the future;

WHEREAS, it is reasonable, prudent and necessary for the Company contractually to obligate itself to indemnify, hold harmless, exonerate and to advance expenses on behalf of, such persons to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company so that they will serve or continue to serve the Company free from undue concern that they will not be so protected against liabilities;

WHEREAS, this Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company and any resolutions adopted pursuant thereto, and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder; and

WHEREAS, Indemnitee may not be willing to serve as an officer or director without adequate protection, and the Company desires Indemnitee to serve in such capacity, and Indemnitee is willing to serve, continue to serve and to take on additional service for or on behalf of the Company on the condition that he or she be so indemnified.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the covenants contained herein, the Company and Indemnitee do hereby covenant and agree as follows:

TERMS AND CONDITIONS

1. SERVICES TO THE COMPANY. In consideration of the Companys covenants and obligations hereunder, Indemnitee will serve or continue to serve as an officer, director, advisor, key employee or any other capacity of the Company, as applicable, for so long as Indemnitee is duly elected or appointed or retained or until Indemnitee tenders his or her resignation or until Indemnitee is removed. The foregoing notwithstanding, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect after Indemnitee has ceased to serve as a director, officer, advisor, key employee or in any other capacity of the Company, as provided in Section 17. This Agreement, however, shall not impose any obligation on Indemnitee or the Company to continue Indemnitees service to the Company beyond any period otherwise required by law or by other agreements or commitments of the parties, if any.

2. DEFINITIONS. As used in this Agreement:

(a) References to agent shall mean any person who is or was a director, officer or employee of the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company or other person authorized by the Company to act for the Company, to include such person serving in such capacity as a director, officer, employee, fiduciary or other official of another company, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust or other enterprise at the request of, for the convenience of, or to represent the interests of the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company.

(b) The terms Beneficial Owner and Beneficial Ownership shall have the meanings set forth in Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act (as defined below) as in effect on the date hereof.

(c) Cayman Court shall mean the courts of the Cayman Islands.

(d) A Change in Control shall be deemed to occur upon the earliest to occur after the date of this Agreement of any of the following events:

(i) Acquisition of Shares by Third Party. Other than an affiliate of Titan Acquisition Sponsor Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor), any Person (as defined below) is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing fifteen percent (15%) or more of the combined voting power of the Companys then outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, unless (1) the change in the relative Beneficial Ownership of the Companys securities by any Person results solely from a reduction in the aggregate number of outstanding shares of securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, or (2) such acquisition was approved in advance by the Continuing Directors (as defined below) and such acquisition would not constitute a Change in Control under part (iii) of this definition;

2

(ii) Change in Board of Directors. Individuals who, as of the date hereof, constitute the Board, and any new director whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the Companys shareholders was approved by a vote of at least two thirds of the directors then still in office who were directors on the date hereof or whose election for nomination for election was previously so approved (collectively, the Continuing Directors), cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board;

(iii) Corporate Transactions. The effective date of a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination, involving the Company and one or more businesses (a Business Combination), in each case, unless, following such Business Combination: (1) all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the Beneficial Owners of securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 50% of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors resulting from such Business Combination (including, without limitation, a company which as a result of such transaction owns the Company or all or substantially all of the Companys assets either directly or through one or more Subsidiaries) in substantially the same proportions as their ownership immediately prior to such Business Combination, of the securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors; (2) other than an affiliate of the Sponsor, no Person (excluding any company resulting from such Business Combination) is the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of 15% or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors of the surviving company except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the Business Combination; and (3) at least a majority of the Board of Directors of the company resulting from such Business Combination were Continuing Directors at the time of the execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Board of Directors, providing for such Business Combination;

(iv) Liquidation. The approval by the shareholders of the Company of a complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement or series of agreements for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Companys assets, other than factoring the Companys current receivables or escrows due (or, if such approval is not required, the decision by the Board to proceed with such a liquidation, sale, or disposition in one transaction or a series of related transactions); or

3

(v) Other Events. There occurs any other event of a nature that would be required to be reported in response to Item 6(e) of Schedule 14A of Regulation 14A (or any successor rule) (or a response to any similar item on any similar schedule or form) promulgated under the Exchange Act (as defined below), whether or not the Company is then subject to such reporting requirement.

(e) Companies Law shall mean the Companies Act (Revised) of the Cayman Islands, as amended from time to time.

(f) Corporate Status describes the status of a person who is or was a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of the Company or of any other Enterprise (as defined below) which such person is or was serving at the request of the Company.

(g) Disinterested Director shall mean a director of the Company who is not and was not a party to the Proceeding (as defined below) in respect of which indemnification is sought by Indemnitee.

(h) Enterprise shall mean the Company and any other company, corporation, constituent company or corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its wholly owned Subsidiaries) is a party, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise of which Indemnitee is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, general partner, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent.

(i) Exchange Act shall mean the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

(j) Expenses shall include all direct and indirect costs, fees and expenses of any type or nature whatsoever, including, without limitation, all reasonable attorneys fees and costs, retainers, court costs, transcript costs, fees of experts, witness fees, travel expenses, fees of private investigators and professional advisors, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees, fax transmission charges, secretarial services and all other disbursements, obligations or expenses in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, being or preparing to be a witness in, settlement or appeal of, or otherwise participating in, a Proceeding (as defined below), including reasonable compensation for time spent by the Indemnitee for which he or she is not otherwise compensated by the Company or any third party. Expenses also shall include Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from any Proceeding (as defined below), including without limitation the principal, premium, security for, and other costs relating to any cost bond, supersedes bond, or other appeal bond or its equivalent. Expenses, however, shall not include amounts paid in settlement by Indemnitee or the amount of judgments or fines against Indemnitee.

4

(k) References to fines shall include any excise tax assessed on Indemnitee with respect to any employee benefit plan.

(l) References to serving at the request of the Company shall include any service as a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in the best interests of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan, Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best interests of the Company as referred to in this Agreement.

(m) Independent Counsel shall mean a law firm or a member of a law firm with significant experience in matters of corporation law and that neither presently is, nor in the past five years has been, retained to represent: (i) the Company or Indemnitee in any matter material to either such party (other than with respect to matters concerning Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar indemnification agreements); or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding (as defined below) giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Independent Counsel shall not include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitees rights under this Agreement.

(n) The term Person shall have the meaning as set forth in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act as in effect on the date hereof; provided, however, that Person shall exclude: (i) the Company; (ii) any Subsidiaries of the Company; (iii) any employment benefit plan of the Company or of a Subsidiary (as defined below) of the Company or of any corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of shares of the Company; and (iv) any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or of a Subsidiary (as defined below) of the Company or of a corporation owned directly or indirectly by the shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of shares of the Company.

(o) The term Proceeding shall include any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, arbitration, mediation, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, inquiry, administrative hearing or any other actual, threatened or completed proceeding, whether brought in the right of the Company or otherwise and whether of a civil (including intentional or unintentional tort claims), criminal, administrative or investigative or related nature, in which Indemnitee was, is, will or might be involved as a party or otherwise by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was a director or officer of the Company, by reason of any action (or failure to act) taken by him or her or of any action (or failure to act) on his or her part while acting as a director or officer of the Company, or by reason of the fact that he or she is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, general partner, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise, in each case whether or not serving in such capacity at the time any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification, reimbursement, or advancement of expenses can be provided under this Agreement.

5

(p) The term Subsidiary, with respect to any Person, shall mean any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust or other entity of which a majority of the voting power of the voting equity securities or equity interest is owned, directly or indirectly, by that Person.

3. INDEMNITY IN THIRD-PARTY PROCEEDINGS. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, the Company shall indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3 if Indemnitee was, is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise) in any Proceeding, other than a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status. Pursuant to this Section 3, Indemnitee shall be indemnified, held harmless and exonerated against all Expenses, judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually, and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on his or her behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company and, in the case of a criminal Proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful.

4. INDEMNITY IN PROCEEDINGS BY OR IN THE RIGHT OF THE COMPANY. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, the Company shall indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of this Section 4 if Indemnitee was, is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise) in any Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status. Pursuant to this Section 4, Indemnitee shall be indemnified, held harmless and exonerated against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her on his or her behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company. No indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration for Expenses shall be made under this Section 4 in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which Indemnitee shall have been finally adjudged by a court to be liable to the Company, unless and only to the extent that any court in which the Proceeding was brought or the Cayman Court shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification, to be held harmless or to exoneration.

6

5. INDEMNIFICATION FOR EXPENSES OF A PARTY WHO IS WHOLLY OR PARTLY SUCCESSFUL. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement except for Section 27, to the extent that Indemnitee was or is, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, a party to (or a participant in) and is successful, on the merits or otherwise, in any Proceeding or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, in whole or in part, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her in connection therewith. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding but is successful, on the merits or otherwise, as to one or more but less than all claims, issues or matters in such Proceeding, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her or on his or her behalf in connection with each successfully resolved claim, issue or matter. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding, the Company also shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee against all Expenses reasonably incurred in connection with a claim, issue or matter related to any claim, issue, or matter on which Indemnitee was successful. For purposes of this Section and without limitation, the termination of any claim, issue or matter in such a Proceeding by dismissal, with or without prejudice, shall be deemed to be a successful result as to such claim, issue or matter.

6. INDEMNIFICATION FOR EXPENSES OF A WITNESS. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement except for Section 27, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of his or her Corporate Status, a witness or deponent in any Proceeding to which Indemnitee was or is not a party or threatened to be made a party, he or she shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, be indemnified, held harmless and exonerated against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her or on his or her behalf in connection therewith.

7. ADDITIONAL INDEMNIFICATION, HOLD HARMLESS AND EXONERATION RIGHTS.

(a) Notwithstanding any limitation in Sections 3, 4, or 5, except for Section 27, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee if Indemnitee is a party to or threatened to be made a party to any Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor) against all Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the Proceeding. No indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration rights shall be available under this Section 7(a) on account of Indemnitees conduct which constitutes a breach of Indemnitees duty of loyalty to the Company or its shareholders or is an act or omission not in good faith or which involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of the law.

7

(b) Notwithstanding any limitation in Sections 3, 4, 5 or 7(a), except for Section 27, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee if Indemnitee is a party to or threatened to be made a party to any Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor) against all Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the Proceeding.

8. CONTRIBUTION IN THE EVENT OF JOINT LIABILITY.

(a) To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, if the indemnification, hold harmless and/or exoneration rights provided for in this Agreement are unavailable to Indemnitee in whole or in part for any reason whatsoever, the Company, in lieu of indemnifying, holding harmless or exonerating Indemnitee, shall pay, in the first instance, the entire amount incurred by Indemnitee, whether for judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and/or for Expenses, in connection with any Proceeding without requiring Indemnitee to contribute to such payment, and the Company hereby waives and relinquishes any right of contribution it may have at any time against Indemnitee.

(b) The Company shall not enter into any settlement of any Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding) unless such settlement provides for a full and final release of all claims asserted against Indemnitee.

(c) The Company hereby agrees to fully indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee from any claims for contribution which may be brought by officers, directors or employees of the Company other than Indemnitee who may be jointly liable with Indemnitee.

9. EXCLUSIONS. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement, the Company shall not be obligated under this Agreement to make any indemnification, advance expenses, hold harmless or exoneration payment in connection with any claim made against Indemnitee:

(a) for which payment has actually been received by or on behalf of Indemnitee under any insurance policy or other indemnity or advancement provision and which payment has not subsequently been returned, except with respect to any excess beyond the amount actually received under any insurance policy, contract, agreement, other indemnity or advancement provision or otherwise;

8

(b) for an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) by Indemnitee of securities of the Company within the meaning of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act (or any successor rule) or similar provisions of state statutory law or common law; or

(c) except as otherwise provided in Sections 14(f)-(g) hereof, prior to a Change in Control, in connection with any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee, including any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee against the Company or its directors, officers, employees or other indemnitees, unless (i) the Board authorized the Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) prior to its initiation or (ii) the Company provides the indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration payment, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the Company under applicable law.

10. ADVANCES OF EXPENSES; DEFENSE OF CLAIM.

(a) Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary except for Section 27, and to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law, the Company shall pay the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee (or reasonably expected by Indemnitee to be incurred by Indemnitee within three months) in connection with any Proceeding within ten (10) days after the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements requesting such advances from time to time, prior to the final disposition of any Proceeding. Advances shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, be unsecured and interest free. Advances shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, be made without regard to Indemnitees ability to repay the Expenses and without regard to Indemnitees ultimate entitlement to be indemnified, held harmless or exonerated under the other provisions of this Agreement. Advances shall include any and all reasonable Expenses incurred pursuing a Proceeding to enforce this right of advancement, including Expenses incurred preparing and forwarding statements to the Company to support the advances claimed. To the fullest extent required by applicable law, such payments of Expenses in advance of the final disposition of the Proceeding shall be made only upon the Companys receipt of an undertaking, by or on behalf of Indemnitee, to repay the advanced amounts to the extent that it is ultimately determined that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company under the provisions of this Agreement, the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, applicable law or otherwise. This Section 10(a) shall not apply to any claim made by Indemnitee for which an indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration payment is excluded pursuant to Section 9.

(b) The Company will be entitled to participate in the Proceeding at its own expense.

(c) The Company shall not settle any action, claim or Proceeding (in whole or in part) which would impose any Expense, judgment, fine, penalty or limitation on Indemnitee without Indemnitees prior written consent.

9

11. PROCEDURE FOR NOTIFICATION AND APPLICATION FOR INDEMNIFICATION.

(a) Indemnitee agrees to notify promptly the Company in writing upon being served with any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document relating to any Proceeding, claim, issue or matter therein which may be subject to indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration rights, or advancement of Expenses covered hereunder. The failure of Indemnitee to so notify the Company shall not relieve the Company of any obligation which it may have to Indemnitee under this Agreement, or otherwise.

(b) Indemnitee may deliver to the Company a written application to indemnify, hold harmless or exonerate Indemnitee in accordance with this Agreement. Such application(s) may be delivered from time to time and at such time(s) as Indemnitee deems appropriate in his or her sole discretion. Following such a written application for indemnification by Indemnitee, Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification shall be determined according to Section 12(a) of this Agreement.

12. PROCEDURE UPON APPLICATION FOR INDEMNIFICATION.

(a) A determination, if required by applicable law, with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification shall be made in the specific case by one of the following methods, which shall be at the election of Indemnitee: (i) by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum of the Board, (ii) by a committee of such directors designated by majority vote of such directors, (iii) if there are no Disinterested Directors or if such directors so direct, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee, or (iv) by vote of the shareholders. The Company promptly will advise Indemnitee in writing with respect to any determination that Indemnitee is or is not entitled to indemnification, including a description of any reason or basis for which indemnification has been denied. If it is so determined that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, payment to Indemnitee shall be made within ten (10) days after such determination. Indemnitee shall reasonably cooperate with the person, persons or entity making such determination with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification, including providing to such person, persons or entity upon reasonable advance request any documentation or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to such determination. Any costs or Expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements) incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating with the person, persons or entity making such determination shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination as to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification) and the Company hereby agrees to indemnify and to hold Indemnitee harmless therefrom.

10

(b) In the event the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 12(a) hereof, the Independent Counsel shall be selected as provided in this Section 12(b). The Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee (unless Indemnitee shall request that such selection be made by the Board), and Indemnitee shall give written notice to the Company advising it of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected and certifying that the Independent Counsel so selected meets the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement. If the Independent Counsel is selected by the Board, the Company shall give written notice to Indemnitee advising him or her of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected and certifying that the Independent Counsel so selected meets the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement. In either event, Indemnitee or the Company, as the case may be, may, within ten (10) days after such written notice of selection shall have been received, deliver to the Company or to Indemnitee, as the case may be, a written objection to such selection; provided, however, that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement, and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If such written objection is so made and substantiated, the Independent Counsel so selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or a court of competent jurisdiction has determined that such objection is without merit. If, within twenty (20) days after submission by Indemnitee of a written request for indemnification pursuant to Section 11(b) hereof, no Independent Counsel shall have been selected and not objected to, either the Company or Indemnitee may petition the Cayman Court for resolution of any objection which shall have been made by the Company or Indemnitee to the others selection of Independent Counsel and/or for the appointment as Independent Counsel of a person selected by the Cayman Court, and the person with respect to whom all objections are so resolved or the person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under Section (a) hereof. Upon the due commencement of any judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to Section 14(a) of this Agreement, Independent Counsel shall be discharged and relieved of any further responsibility in such capacity (subject to the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing).

(c) The Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees and expenses of Independent Counsel and to fully indemnify and hold harmless such Independent Counsel against any and all Expenses, claims, liabilities and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement pursuant hereto.

13. PRESUMPTIONS AND EFFECT OF CERTAIN PROCEEDINGS.

(a) In making a determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification hereunder, the person, persons or entity making such determination shall presume that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement if Indemnitee has submitted a request for indemnification in accordance with Section 11(b) of this Agreement, and the Company shall have the burden of proof to overcome that presumption in connection with the making by any person, persons or entity of any determination contrary to that presumption. Neither the failure of the Company (including by the Disinterested Directors or Independent Counsel) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of any action pursuant to this Agreement that indemnification is proper in the circumstances because Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct, nor an actual determination by the Company (including by the Disinterested Directors or Independent Counsel) that Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct.

11

(b) If the person, persons or entity empowered or selected under Section 12 of this Agreement to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification shall not have made a determination within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request therefor, the requisite determination of entitlement to indemnification shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee 12 shall be entitled to such indemnification, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a final judicial determination that any or all such indemnification is expressly prohibited under applicable law or the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company; provided, however, that such 30-day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional fifteen (15) days, if the person, persons or entity making the determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification in good faith requires such additional time for the obtaining or evaluating of documentation and/or information relating thereto.

(c) The termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue or matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect the right of Indemnitee to indemnification or create a presumption that Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a manner which he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful.

(d) For purposes of any determination of good faith, Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith if Indemnitees action is based on the records or books of account of the Enterprise, including financial statements, or on information supplied to Indemnitee by the directors, manager, or officers of the Enterprise in the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel for the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general partner, manager or managing member, or on information or records given or reports made to the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general partner, manager or managing member, by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert selected by the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general partner, manager or managing member. The provisions of this Section 13(d) shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to limit in any way the other circumstances in which Indemnitee may be deemed or found to have met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in this Agreement.

12

(e) The knowledge and/or actions, or failure to act, of any other director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, agent or employee of the Enterprise shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnification under this Agreement.

14. REMEDIES OF INDEMNITEE.

(a) In the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to Section 12 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, (ii) advancement of Expenses, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, is not timely made pursuant to Section 10 of this Agreement, (iii) no determination of entitlement to indemnification shall have been made pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request for indemnification, (iv) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Section 5, 6, 7 or the last sentence of Section 12(a) of this Agreement within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor, (v) a contribution payment is not made in a timely manner pursuant to Section 8 of this Agreement, (vi) payment of indemnification pursuant to Section 3 or 4 of this Agreement is not made within ten (10) days after a determination has been made that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, or (vii) payment to Indemnitee pursuant to any hold harmless or exoneration rights under this Agreement or otherwise is not made in accordance with this Agreement, Indemnitee shall be entitled to an adjudication by the Cayman Court to such indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration, contribution or advancement rights. Alternatively, Indemnitee, at his or her option, may seek an award in arbitration to be conducted by a single arbitrator pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. Except as set forth herein, the provisions of Cayman Islands law (without regard to its conflict of laws rules) shall apply to any such arbitration. The Company shall not oppose Indemnitees right to seek any such adjudication or award in arbitration.

(b) In the event that a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14 shall be conducted in all respects as a de novo trial, or arbitration, on the merits and Indemnitee shall not be prejudiced by reason of that adverse determination.

13

(c) In any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14, Indemnitee shall be presumed to be entitled to be indemnified, held harmless, exonerated to receive advancement of Expenses under this Agreement and the Company shall have the burden of proving Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified, held harmless, exonerated and to receive advancement of Expenses, as the case may be, and the Company may not refer to or introduce into evidence any determination pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement adverse to Indemnitee for any purpose. If Indemnitee commences a judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to this Section 14, Indemnitee shall not be required to reimburse the Company for any advances pursuant to Section 10 until a final determination is made with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification (as to which all rights of appeal have been exhausted or lapsed).

(d) If a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, the Company shall be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law.

(e) The Company shall be precluded from asserting in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14 that the procedures and presumptions of this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court or before any such arbitrator that the Company is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement.

(f) The Company shall indemnify and hold harmless Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company against all Expenses and, if requested by Indemnitee, shall (within ten (10) days after the Companys receipt of such written request) pay to Indemnitee, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, such Expenses which are incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any judicial proceeding or arbitration brought by Indemnitee: (i) to enforce his or her rights under, or to recover damages for breach of, this Agreement or any other indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration, advancement or contribution agreement or provision of the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association now or hereafter in effect; or (ii) for recovery or advances under any insurance policy maintained by any person for the benefit of Indemnitee, regardless of the outcome and whether Indemnitee ultimately is determined to be entitled to such indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration right, advancement, contribution or insurance recovery, as the case may be (unless such judicial proceeding or arbitration was not brought by Indemnitee in good faith).

(g) Interest shall be paid by the Company to Indemnitee at the legal rate under New York law for amounts which the Company indemnifies, holds harmless or exonerates, or advances, or is obliged to indemnify, hold harmless or exonerate or advance for the period commencing with the date on which Indemnitee requests indemnification, to be held harmless, exonerated, contribution, reimbursement or advancement of any Expenses and ending with the date on which such payment is made to Indemnitee by the Company.

14

15. SECURITY. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, except for Section 27, to the extent requested by Indemnitee and approved by the Board, the Company may at any time and from time to time provide security to Indemnitee for the Companys obligations hereunder through an irrevocable bank line of credit, funded trust or other collateral. Any such security, once provided to Indemnitee, may not be revoked or released without the prior written consent of Indemnitee.

16. NON-EXCLUSIVITY; SURVIVAL OF RIGHTS; INSURANCE; SUBROGATION.

(a) The rights of Indemnitee as provided by this Agreement shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled under applicable law, the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, any agreement, a vote of shareholders or a resolution of directors, or otherwise. No amendment, alteration or repeal of this Agreement or of any provision hereof shall limit or restrict any right of Indemnitee under this Agreement in respect of any Proceeding (regardless of when such Proceeding is first threatened, commenced or completed) or claim, issue or matter therein arising out of, or related to, any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee in his or her Corporate Status prior to such amendment, alteration or repeal. To the extent that a change in applicable law, whether by statute or judicial decision, permits greater indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration rights or advancement of Expenses than would be afforded currently under the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association or this Agreement, it is the intent of the parties hereto that Indemnitee shall enjoy by this Agreement the greater benefits so afforded by such change. No right or remedy herein conferred is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every other right and remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other right or remedy.

(b) The Companies Law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association permit the Company to purchase and maintain insurance or furnish similar protection or make other arrangements including, but not limited to, providing a trust fund, letter of credit, or surety bond (Indemnification Arrangements) on behalf of Indemnitee against any liability asserted against him or her or incurred by or on behalf of him or her or in such capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company, or arising out of his or her status as such, whether or not the Company would have the power to indemnify him or her against such liability under the provisions of this Agreement or under the Companies Law, as it may then be in effect. The purchase, establishment, and maintenance of any such Indemnification Arrangement shall not in any way limit or affect the rights and obligations of the Company or of Indemnitee under this Agreement except as expressly provided herein, and the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company and Indemnitee shall not in any way limit or affect the rights and obligations of the Company or the other party or parties thereto under any such Indemnification Arrangement.

15

(c) To the extent that the Company maintains an insurance policy or policies providing liability insurance for directors, officers, trustees, partners, managers, managing members, fiduciaries, employees, or agents of the Company or of any other Enterprise which such person serves at the request of the Company, Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any such director, officer, trustee, partner, managers, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent under such policy or policies. If, at the time the Company receives notice from any source of a Proceeding as to which Indemnitee is a party or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise), the Company has director and officer liability insurance in effect, the Company shall give prompt notice of such Proceeding to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the respective policies. The Company shall thereafter take all necessary or desirable action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of such Proceeding in accordance with the terms of such policies.

(d) In the event of any payment under this Agreement, the Company, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee, including with respect to any insurance. The Indemnitee shall execute all papers required and take all action necessary to secure such 16 rights, including execution of such documents as are necessary to enable the Company to bring suit to enforce such rights. No such payment by the Company shall be deemed to relieve any insurer of its obligations.

(e) The Companys obligation to indemnify, hold harmless, exonerate or advance Expenses hereunder to Indemnitee who is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise shall be reduced by any amount Indemnitee has actually received as indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration payments or advancement of expenses from such Enterprise. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary except for Section 27, (i) Indemnitee shall have no obligation to reduce, offset, allocate, pursue or apportion any indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration, advancement, contribution or insurance coverage among multiple parties possessing such duties to Indemnitee prior to the Companys satisfaction and performance of all its obligations under this Agreement, and (ii) the Company shall perform fully its obligations under this Agreement without regard to whether Indemnitee holds, may pursue or has pursued any indemnification, advancement, hold harmless, exoneration, contribution or insurance coverage rights against any person or entity other than the Company.

(f) Notwithstanding anything contained herein, the Company is the primary indemnitor, and any indemnification or advancement obligation of the Sponsor or its affiliates is secondary.

16

17. DURATION OF AGREEMENT. All agreements and obligations of the Company contained herein shall continue during the period Indemnitee serves as a director or officer of the Company or as a director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other Enterprise which Indemnitee serves at the request of the Company and shall continue thereafter so long as Indemnitee shall be subject to any possible Proceeding (including any rights of appeal thereto and any Proceeding commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 14 of this Agreement) by reason of his or her Corporate Status, whether or not he or she is acting in any such capacity at the time any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification or advancement can be provided under this Agreement.

18. SEVERABILITY. If any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever: (a) the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company; (b) such provision or provisions shall be deemed reformed to the extent necessary to conform to applicable law and to give the maximum effect to the intent of the parties hereto; and (c) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested thereby.

19. ENFORCEMENT AND BINDING EFFECT.

(a) The Company expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this Agreement and assumed the obligations imposed on it hereby in order to induce Indemnitee to serve as a director, officer or key employee of the Company, and the Company acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying upon this Agreement in serving as a director, officer or key employee of the Company.

(b) Without limiting any of the rights of Indemnitee under the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company as they may be amended from time to time, this Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, oral, written and implied, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof.

17

(c) The indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration and advancement of expenses rights provided by or granted pursuant to this Agreement shall be binding upon and be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company), shall continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company or a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise at the Companys request, and shall inure to the benefit of Indemnitee and his or her spouse, assigns, heirs, devisees, executors and administrators and other legal representatives.

(d) The Company shall require and cause any successor (whether direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all, substantially all or a substantial part, of the business and/or assets of the Company, by written agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Indemnitee, expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place.

(e) The Company and Indemnitee agree herein that a monetary remedy for breach of this Agreement, at some later date, may be inadequate, impracticable and difficult of proof, and further agree that such breach may cause Indemnitee irreparable harm. Accordingly, the parties hereto agree that Indemnitee may, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, enforce this Agreement by seeking, among other things, injunctive relief and/or specific performance hereof, without any necessity of showing actual damage or irreparable harm and that by seeking injunctive relief and/or specific performance, Indemnitee shall not be precluded from seeking or obtaining any other relief to which he or she may be entitled. The Company and Indemnitee further agree that Indemnitee shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, be entitled to such specific performance and injunctive relief, including temporary restraining orders, preliminary injunctions and permanent injunctions, without the necessity of posting bonds or other undertaking in connection therewith. The Company acknowledges that in the absence of a waiver, a bond or undertaking may be required of Indemnitee by a court of competent jurisdiction, Company hereby waives any such requirement of such a bond or undertaking to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company.

20. MODIFICATION AND WAIVER. No supplement, modification or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by the Company and Indemnitee. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions of this Agreement nor shall any waiver constitute a continuing waiver.

18

21. NOTICES. All notices, requests, demands and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given (i) if delivered by hand and receipted for by the party to whom said notice or other communication shall have been directed, or (ii) mailed by certified or registered mail with postage prepaid, on the third (3rd) business day after the date on which it is so mailed:

(a) If to Indemnitee, at the address indicated on the signature page of this Agreement, or such other address as Indemnitee shall provide in writing to the Company.

(b) If to the Company, to:

Titan Acquisition Corp.

131 Concord Street

Brooklyn, NY 11201

Attention: Chief Executive Officer

With a copy, which shall not constitute notice, to

Winston & Strawn LLP

800 Capitol St. STE 2400

Houston, TX 77002

Attn: Michael J. Blankenship

or to any other address as may have been furnished to Indemnitee in writing by the Company.

22. APPLICABLE LAW AND CONSENT TO JURISDICTION. This Agreement and the legal relations among the parties shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. Except with respect to any arbitration commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 14(a) of this Agreement, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, the Company and Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally: (a) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in the Cayman Court and not in any other state or federal court in the United States of America or any court in any other country; (b) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Cayman Court for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement; (c) waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such action or proceeding in the Cayman Court; and (d) waive, and agree not to plead or to make, any claim that any such action or proceeding brought in the Cayman Court has been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum, or is subject (in whole or in part) to a jury trial. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, the parties hereby agree that the mailing of process and other papers in connection with any such action or proceeding in the manner provided by Section 21 or in such other manner as may be permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, shall be valid and sufficient service thereof.

19

23. IDENTICAL COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. Only one such counterpart signed by the party against whom enforceability is sought needs to be produced to evidence the existence of this Agreement.

24. MISCELLANEOUS. Use of the masculine pronoun shall be deemed to include usage of the feminine pronoun where appropriate. The headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Agreement or to affect the construction thereof.

25. PERIOD OF LIMITATIONS. No legal action shall be brought and no cause of action shall be asserted by or in the right of the Company against Indemnitee, Indemnitees spouse, heirs, executors or personal or legal representatives after the expiration of two years from the date of accrual of such cause of action, and any claim or cause of action of the Company shall be extinguished and deemed released unless asserted by the timely filing of a legal action within such two-year period; provided, however, that if any shorter period of limitations is otherwise applicable to any such cause of action such shorter period shall govern.

26. ADDITIONAL ACTS. If for the validation of any of the provisions in this Agreement any act, resolution, approval or other procedure is required to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, the Company undertakes to cause such act, resolution, approval or other procedure to be affected or adopted in a manner that will enable the Company to fulfill its obligations under this Agreement.

27. WAIVER OF CLAIMS TO TRUST ACCOUNT. Indemnitee hereby agrees that he or she does not have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind (each, a Claim) in or to any monies in the trust account established in connection with the Companys initial public offering for the benefit of the Company and holders of shares issued in such offering, and hereby waives any Claim he or she may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to the Company and will not seek recourse against such trust account for any reason whatsoever.

28. MAINTENANCE OF INSURANCE. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain and maintain in effect during the entire period for which the Company is obligated to indemnify the Indemnitee under this Agreement, one or more policies of insurance with reputable insurance companies to provide the officers/directors of the Company with coverage for losses from wrongful acts and omissions and to ensure the Companys performance of its indemnification obligations under this Agreement. The Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any such director or officer under such policy or policies. In all such insurance policies, the Indemnitee shall be named as an insured in such a manner as to provide the Indemnitee with the same rights and benefits as are accorded to the most favorably insured of the Companys directors and officers.

20

29. INTERPRETATION

In this Agreement:

(a) words importing the singular number include the plural number and vice versa; words importing the masculine gender include the feminine gender; words importing persons include corporations as well as any other legal or natural person;

(b) written and in writing include all modes of representing or reproducing words in visible form, including in the form of an Electronic Record;

(c) shall shall be construed as imperative and may shall be construed as permissive;

(d) references to provisions of any law or regulation shall be construed as references to those provisions as amended, modified, re-enacted or replaced;

(e) any phrase introduced by the terms including, include, in particular or any similar expression shall be construed as illustrative and shall not limit the sense of the words preceding those terms;

(f) the term and/or is used herein to mean both and as well as or. The use of and/or in certain contexts in no respects qualifies or modifies the use of the terms and or or in others. The term or shall not be interpreted to be exclusive and the term and shall not be interpreted to require the conjunctive (in each case, unless the context otherwise requires);

(g) headings are inserted for reference only and shall be ignored in construing this Agreement;

(h) any requirements as to delivery under this Agreement include delivery in the form of an electronic record (as defined in the Electronic Transactions Act (Revised));

(i) any requirements as to execution or signature under this Agreement including the execution of this Agreement itself can be satisfied in the form of an electronic signature (as defined in the Electronic Transactions Act (Revised));

(j) sections 8 and 19(3) of the Electronic Transactions Act (Revised) shall not apply.

[Signature Page Follows]

21

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Indemnity Agreement to be signed as of the day and year first above written.

TITAN ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: /s/ Adeel Rouf 

Name: Adeel Rouf 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

INDEMNITEE 

/s/
Frank Mastrangelo 

Name: Frank Mastrangelo 

Address for notices: 131 Concord Street,

Brooklyn, NY 11201 

[Signature page to Indemnity Agreement]

22
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.10
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>titanacq_ex10-10.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.10
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.10

Execution Version

FORM OF INDEMNITY AGREEMENT

THIS INDEMNITY AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made as of April 8, 2025, by and between Titan Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), and the undersigned below (Indemnitee).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, highly competent persons have become more reluctant to serve publicly-held companies as directors, officers or in other capacities unless they are provided with adequate protection through insurance or adequate indemnification against inordinate risks of claims and actions against them arising out of their service to and activities on behalf of such companies;

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board) has determined that, in order to attract and retain qualified individuals, the Company will attempt to maintain on an ongoing basis, at its sole expense, liability insurance to protect persons serving the Company and its Subsidiaries (as defined below) from certain liabilities;

WHEREAS, while the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company provide for the indemnification of the officers and directors of the Company, Indemnitee may also be entitled to indemnification pursuant to applicable Cayman Islands law, and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provide that the indemnification provisions set forth therein are not exclusive, and thereby contemplate that contracts may be entered into between the Company and members of the board of directors, officers and other persons with respect to indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration, advancement and reimbursement rights;

WHEREAS, the uncertainties relating to such insurance and to indemnification have increased the difficulty of attracting and retaining such persons;

WHEREAS, the Board has determined that the increased difficulty in attracting and retaining such persons is detrimental to the best interests of the Companys shareholders and that the Company should act to assure such persons that there will be increased certainty of such protection in the future;

WHEREAS, it is reasonable, prudent and necessary for the Company contractually to obligate itself to indemnify, hold harmless, exonerate and to advance expenses on behalf of, such persons to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company so that they will serve or continue to serve the Company free from undue concern that they will not be so protected against liabilities;

WHEREAS, this Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company and any resolutions adopted pursuant thereto, and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder; and

WHEREAS, Indemnitee may not be willing to serve as an officer or director without adequate protection, and the Company desires Indemnitee to serve in such capacity, and Indemnitee is willing to serve, continue to serve and to take on additional service for or on behalf of the Company on the condition that he or she be so indemnified.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the covenants contained herein, the Company and Indemnitee do hereby covenant and agree as follows:

TERMS AND CONDITIONS

1. SERVICES TO THE COMPANY. In consideration of the Companys covenants and obligations hereunder, Indemnitee will serve or continue to serve as an officer, director, advisor, key employee or any other capacity of the Company, as applicable, for so long as Indemnitee is duly elected or appointed or retained or until Indemnitee tenders his or her resignation or until Indemnitee is removed. The foregoing notwithstanding, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect after Indemnitee has ceased to serve as a director, officer, advisor, key employee or in any other capacity of the Company, as provided in Section 17. This Agreement, however, shall not impose any obligation on Indemnitee or the Company to continue Indemnitees service to the Company beyond any period otherwise required by law or by other agreements or commitments of the parties, if any.

2. DEFINITIONS. As used in this Agreement:

(a) References to agent shall mean any person who is or was a director, officer or employee of the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company or other person authorized by the Company to act for the Company, to include such person serving in such capacity as a director, officer, employee, fiduciary or other official of another company, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust or other enterprise at the request of, for the convenience of, or to represent the interests of the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company.

(b) The terms Beneficial Owner and Beneficial Ownership shall have the meanings set forth in Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act (as defined below) as in effect on the date hereof.

(c) Cayman Court shall mean the courts of the Cayman Islands.

(d) A Change in Control shall be deemed to occur upon the earliest to occur after the date of this Agreement of any of the following events:

(i) Acquisition of Shares by Third Party. Other than an affiliate of Titan Acquisition Sponsor Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor), any Person (as defined below) is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing fifteen percent (15%) or more of the combined voting power of the Companys then outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, unless (1) the change in the relative Beneficial Ownership of the Companys securities by any Person results solely from a reduction in the aggregate number of outstanding shares of securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, or (2) such acquisition was approved in advance by the Continuing Directors (as defined below) and such acquisition would not constitute a Change in Control under part (iii) of this definition;

2

(ii) Change in Board of Directors. Individuals who, as of the date hereof, constitute the Board, and any new director whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the Companys shareholders was approved by a vote of at least two thirds of the directors then still in office who were directors on the date hereof or whose election for nomination for election was previously so approved (collectively, the Continuing Directors), cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board;

(iii) Corporate Transactions. The effective date of a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination, involving the Company and one or more businesses (a Business Combination), in each case, unless, following such Business Combination: (1) all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the Beneficial Owners of securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 50% of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors resulting from such Business Combination (including, without limitation, a company which as a result of such transaction owns the Company or all or substantially all of the Companys assets either directly or through one or more Subsidiaries) in substantially the same proportions as their ownership immediately prior to such Business Combination, of the securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors; (2) other than an affiliate of the Sponsor, no Person (excluding any company resulting from such Business Combination) is the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of 15% or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors of the surviving company except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the Business Combination; and (3) at least a majority of the Board of Directors of the company resulting from such Business Combination were Continuing Directors at the time of the execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Board of Directors, providing for such Business Combination;

(iv) Liquidation. The approval by the shareholders of the Company of a complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement or series of agreements for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Companys assets, other than factoring the Companys current receivables or escrows due (or, if such approval is not required, the decision by the Board to proceed with such a liquidation, sale, or disposition in one transaction or a series of related transactions); or

3

(v) Other Events. There occurs any other event of a nature that would be required to be reported in response to Item 6(e) of Schedule 14A of Regulation 14A (or any successor rule) (or a response to any similar item on any similar schedule or form) promulgated under the Exchange Act (as defined below), whether or not the Company is then subject to such reporting requirement.

(e) Companies Law shall mean the Companies Act (Revised) of the Cayman Islands, as amended from time to time.

(f) Corporate Status describes the status of a person who is or was a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of the Company or of any other Enterprise (as defined below) which such person is or was serving at the request of the Company.

(g) Disinterested Director shall mean a director of the Company who is not and was not a party to the Proceeding (as defined below) in respect of which indemnification is sought by Indemnitee.

(h) Enterprise shall mean the Company and any other company, corporation, constituent company or corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its wholly owned Subsidiaries) is a party, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise of which Indemnitee is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, general partner, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent.

(i) Exchange Act shall mean the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

(j) Expenses shall include all direct and indirect costs, fees and expenses of any type or nature whatsoever, including, without limitation, all reasonable attorneys fees and costs, retainers, court costs, transcript costs, fees of experts, witness fees, travel expenses, fees of private investigators and professional advisors, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees, fax transmission charges, secretarial services and all other disbursements, obligations or expenses in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, being or preparing to be a witness in, settlement or appeal of, or otherwise participating in, a Proceeding (as defined below), including reasonable compensation for time spent by the Indemnitee for which he or she is not otherwise compensated by the Company or any third party. Expenses also shall include Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from any Proceeding (as defined below), including without limitation the principal, premium, security for, and other costs relating to any cost bond, supersedes bond, or other appeal bond or its equivalent. Expenses, however, shall not include amounts paid in settlement by Indemnitee or the amount of judgments or fines against Indemnitee.

4

(k) References to fines shall include any excise tax assessed on Indemnitee with respect to any employee benefit plan.

(l) References to serving at the request of the Company shall include any service as a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in the best interests of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan, Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best interests of the Company as referred to in this Agreement.

(m) Independent Counsel shall mean a law firm or a member of a law firm with significant experience in matters of corporation law and that neither presently is, nor in the past five years has been, retained to represent: (i) the Company or Indemnitee in any matter material to either such party (other than with respect to matters concerning Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar indemnification agreements); or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding (as defined below) giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Independent Counsel shall not include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitees rights under this Agreement.

(n) The term Person shall have the meaning as set forth in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act as in effect on the date hereof; provided, however, that Person shall exclude: (i) the Company; (ii) any Subsidiaries of the Company; (iii) any employment benefit plan of the Company or of a Subsidiary (as defined below) of the Company or of any corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of shares of the Company; and (iv) any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or of a Subsidiary (as defined below) of the Company or of a corporation owned directly or indirectly by the shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of shares of the Company.

(o) The term Proceeding shall include any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, arbitration, mediation, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, inquiry, administrative hearing or any other actual, threatened or completed proceeding, whether brought in the right of the Company or otherwise and whether of a civil (including intentional or unintentional tort claims), criminal, administrative or investigative or related nature, in which Indemnitee was, is, will or might be involved as a party or otherwise by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was a director or officer of the Company, by reason of any action (or failure to act) taken by him or her or of any action (or failure to act) on his or her part while acting as a director or officer of the Company, or by reason of the fact that he or she is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, general partner, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise, in each case whether or not serving in such capacity at the time any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification, reimbursement, or advancement of expenses can be provided under this Agreement.

5

(p) The term Subsidiary, with respect to any Person, shall mean any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust or other entity of which a majority of the voting power of the voting equity securities or equity interest is owned, directly or indirectly, by that Person.

3. INDEMNITY IN THIRD-PARTY PROCEEDINGS. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, the Company shall indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3 if Indemnitee was, is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise) in any Proceeding, other than a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status. Pursuant to this Section 3, Indemnitee shall be indemnified, held harmless and exonerated against all Expenses, judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually, and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on his or her behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company and, in the case of a criminal Proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful.

4. INDEMNITY IN PROCEEDINGS BY OR IN THE RIGHT OF THE COMPANY. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, the Company shall indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of this Section 4 if Indemnitee was, is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise) in any Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status. Pursuant to this Section 4, Indemnitee shall be indemnified, held harmless and exonerated against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her on his or her behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company. No indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration for Expenses shall be made under this Section 4 in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which Indemnitee shall have been finally adjudged by a court to be liable to the Company, unless and only to the extent that any court in which the Proceeding was brought or the Cayman Court shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification, to be held harmless or to exoneration.

6

5. INDEMNIFICATION FOR EXPENSES OF A PARTY WHO IS WHOLLY OR PARTLY SUCCESSFUL. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement except for Section 27, to the extent that Indemnitee was or is, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, a party to (or a participant in) and is successful, on the merits or otherwise, in any Proceeding or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, in whole or in part, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her in connection therewith. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding but is successful, on the merits or otherwise, as to one or more but less than all claims, issues or matters in such Proceeding, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her or on his or her behalf in connection with each successfully resolved claim, issue or matter. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding, the Company also shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee against all Expenses reasonably incurred in connection with a claim, issue or matter related to any claim, issue, or matter on which Indemnitee was successful. For purposes of this Section and without limitation, the termination of any claim, issue or matter in such a Proceeding by dismissal, with or without prejudice, shall be deemed to be a successful result as to such claim, issue or matter.

6. INDEMNIFICATION FOR EXPENSES OF A WITNESS. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement except for Section 27, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of his or her Corporate Status, a witness or deponent in any Proceeding to which Indemnitee was or is not a party or threatened to be made a party, he or she shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, be indemnified, held harmless and exonerated against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her or on his or her behalf in connection therewith.

7. ADDITIONAL INDEMNIFICATION, HOLD HARMLESS AND EXONERATION RIGHTS.

(a) Notwithstanding any limitation in Sections 3, 4, or 5, except for Section 27, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee if Indemnitee is a party to or threatened to be made a party to any Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor) against all Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the Proceeding. No indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration rights shall be available under this Section 7(a) on account of Indemnitees conduct which constitutes a breach of Indemnitees duty of loyalty to the Company or its shareholders or is an act or omission not in good faith or which involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of the law.

7

(b) Notwithstanding any limitation in Sections 3, 4, 5 or 7(a), except for Section 27, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee if Indemnitee is a party to or threatened to be made a party to any Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor) against all Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the Proceeding.

8. CONTRIBUTION IN THE EVENT OF JOINT LIABILITY.

(a) To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, if the indemnification, hold harmless and/or exoneration rights provided for in this Agreement are unavailable to Indemnitee in whole or in part for any reason whatsoever, the Company, in lieu of indemnifying, holding harmless or exonerating Indemnitee, shall pay, in the first instance, the entire amount incurred by Indemnitee, whether for judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and/or for Expenses, in connection with any Proceeding without requiring Indemnitee to contribute to such payment, and the Company hereby waives and relinquishes any right of contribution it may have at any time against Indemnitee.

(b) The Company shall not enter into any settlement of any Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding) unless such settlement provides for a full and final release of all claims asserted against Indemnitee.

(c) The Company hereby agrees to fully indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee from any claims for contribution which may be brought by officers, directors or employees of the Company other than Indemnitee who may be jointly liable with Indemnitee.

9. EXCLUSIONS. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement, the Company shall not be obligated under this Agreement to make any indemnification, advance expenses, hold harmless or exoneration payment in connection with any claim made against Indemnitee:

(a) for which payment has actually been received by or on behalf of Indemnitee under any insurance policy or other indemnity or advancement provision and which payment has not subsequently been returned, except with respect to any excess beyond the amount actually received under any insurance policy, contract, agreement, other indemnity or advancement provision or otherwise;

8

(b) for an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) by Indemnitee of securities of the Company within the meaning of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act (or any successor rule) or similar provisions of state statutory law or common law; or

(c) except as otherwise provided in Sections 14(f)-(g) hereof, prior to a Change in Control, in connection with any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee, including any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee against the Company or its directors, officers, employees or other indemnitees, unless (i) the Board authorized the Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) prior to its initiation or (ii) the Company provides the indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration payment, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the Company under applicable law.

10. ADVANCES OF EXPENSES; DEFENSE OF CLAIM.

(a) Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary except for Section 27, and to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law, the Company shall pay the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee (or reasonably expected by Indemnitee to be incurred by Indemnitee within three months) in connection with any Proceeding within ten (10) days after the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements requesting such advances from time to time, prior to the final disposition of any Proceeding. Advances shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, be unsecured and interest free. Advances shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, be made without regard to Indemnitees ability to repay the Expenses and without regard to Indemnitees ultimate entitlement to be indemnified, held harmless or exonerated under the other provisions of this Agreement. Advances shall include any and all reasonable Expenses incurred pursuing a Proceeding to enforce this right of advancement, including Expenses incurred preparing and forwarding statements to the Company to support the advances claimed. To the fullest extent required by applicable law, such payments of Expenses in advance of the final disposition of the Proceeding shall be made only upon the Companys receipt of an undertaking, by or on behalf of Indemnitee, to repay the advanced amounts to the extent that it is ultimately determined that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company under the provisions of this Agreement, the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, applicable law or otherwise. This Section 10(a) shall not apply to any claim made by Indemnitee for which an indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration payment is excluded pursuant to Section 9.

(b) The Company will be entitled to participate in the Proceeding at its own expense.

(c) The Company shall not settle any action, claim or Proceeding (in whole or in part) which would impose any Expense, judgment, fine, penalty or limitation on Indemnitee without Indemnitees prior written consent.

9

11. PROCEDURE FOR NOTIFICATION AND APPLICATION FOR INDEMNIFICATION.

(a) Indemnitee agrees to notify promptly the Company in writing upon being served with any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document relating to any Proceeding, claim, issue or matter therein which may be subject to indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration rights, or advancement of Expenses covered hereunder. The failure of Indemnitee to so notify the Company shall not relieve the Company of any obligation which it may have to Indemnitee under this Agreement, or otherwise.

(b) Indemnitee may deliver to the Company a written application to indemnify, hold harmless or exonerate Indemnitee in accordance with this Agreement. Such application(s) may be delivered from time to time and at such time(s) as Indemnitee deems appropriate in his or her sole discretion. Following such a written application for indemnification by Indemnitee, Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification shall be determined according to Section 12(a) of this Agreement.

12. PROCEDURE UPON APPLICATION FOR INDEMNIFICATION.

(a) A determination, if required by applicable law, with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification shall be made in the specific case by one of the following methods, which shall be at the election of Indemnitee: (i) by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum of the Board, (ii) by a committee of such directors designated by majority vote of such directors, (iii) if there are no Disinterested Directors or if such directors so direct, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee, or (iv) by vote of the shareholders. The Company promptly will advise Indemnitee in writing with respect to any determination that Indemnitee is or is not entitled to indemnification, including a description of any reason or basis for which indemnification has been denied. If it is so determined that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, payment to Indemnitee shall be made within ten (10) days after such determination. Indemnitee shall reasonably cooperate with the person, persons or entity making such determination with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification, including providing to such person, persons or entity upon reasonable advance request any documentation or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to such determination. Any costs or Expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements) incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating with the person, persons or entity making such determination shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination as to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification) and the Company hereby agrees to indemnify and to hold Indemnitee harmless therefrom.

10

(b) In the event the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 12(a) hereof, the Independent Counsel shall be selected as provided in this Section 12(b). The Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee (unless Indemnitee shall request that such selection be made by the Board), and Indemnitee shall give written notice to the Company advising it of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected and certifying that the Independent Counsel so selected meets the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement. If the Independent Counsel is selected by the Board, the Company shall give written notice to Indemnitee advising him or her of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected and certifying that the Independent Counsel so selected meets the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement. In either event, Indemnitee or the Company, as the case may be, may, within ten (10) days after such written notice of selection shall have been received, deliver to the Company or to Indemnitee, as the case may be, a written objection to such selection; provided, however, that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement, and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If such written objection is so made and substantiated, the Independent Counsel so selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or a court of competent jurisdiction has determined that such objection is without merit. If, within twenty (20) days after submission by Indemnitee of a written request for indemnification pursuant to Section 11(b) hereof, no Independent Counsel shall have been selected and not objected to, either the Company or Indemnitee may petition the Cayman Court for resolution of any objection which shall have been made by the Company or Indemnitee to the others selection of Independent Counsel and/or for the appointment as Independent Counsel of a person selected by the Cayman Court, and the person with respect to whom all objections are so resolved or the person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under Section (a) hereof. Upon the due commencement of any judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to Section 14(a) of this Agreement, Independent Counsel shall be discharged and relieved of any further responsibility in such capacity (subject to the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing).

(c) The Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees and expenses of Independent Counsel and to fully indemnify and hold harmless such Independent Counsel against any and all Expenses, claims, liabilities and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement pursuant hereto.

13. PRESUMPTIONS AND EFFECT OF CERTAIN PROCEEDINGS.

(a) In making a determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification hereunder, the person, persons or entity making such determination shall presume that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement if Indemnitee has submitted a request for indemnification in accordance with Section 11(b) of this Agreement, and the Company shall have the burden of proof to overcome that presumption in connection with the making by any person, persons or entity of any determination contrary to that presumption. Neither the failure of the Company (including by the Disinterested Directors or Independent Counsel) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of any action pursuant to this Agreement that indemnification is proper in the circumstances because Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct, nor an actual determination by the Company (including by the Disinterested Directors or Independent Counsel) that Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct.

11

(b) If the person, persons or entity empowered or selected under Section 12 of this Agreement to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification shall not have made a determination within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request therefor, the requisite determination of entitlement to indemnification shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee 12 shall be entitled to such indemnification, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a final judicial determination that any or all such indemnification is expressly prohibited under applicable law or the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company; provided, however, that such 30-day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional fifteen (15) days, if the person, persons or entity making the determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification in good faith requires such additional time for the obtaining or evaluating of documentation and/or information relating thereto.

(c) The termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue or matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect the right of Indemnitee to indemnification or create a presumption that Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a manner which he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful.

(d) For purposes of any determination of good faith, Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith if Indemnitees action is based on the records or books of account of the Enterprise, including financial statements, or on information supplied to Indemnitee by the directors, manager, or officers of the Enterprise in the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel for the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general partner, manager or managing member, or on information or records given or reports made to the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general partner, manager or managing member, by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert selected by the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general partner, manager or managing member. The provisions of this Section 13(d) shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to limit in any way the other circumstances in which Indemnitee may be deemed or found to have met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in this Agreement.

12

(e) The knowledge and/or actions, or failure to act, of any other director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, agent or employee of the Enterprise shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnification under this Agreement.

14. REMEDIES OF INDEMNITEE.

(a) In the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to Section 12 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, (ii) advancement of Expenses, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, is not timely made pursuant to Section 10 of this Agreement, (iii) no determination of entitlement to indemnification shall have been made pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request for indemnification, (iv) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Section 5, 6, 7 or the last sentence of Section 12(a) of this Agreement within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor, (v) a contribution payment is not made in a timely manner pursuant to Section 8 of this Agreement, (vi) payment of indemnification pursuant to Section 3 or 4 of this Agreement is not made within ten (10) days after a determination has been made that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, or (vii) payment to Indemnitee pursuant to any hold harmless or exoneration rights under this Agreement or otherwise is not made in accordance with this Agreement, Indemnitee shall be entitled to an adjudication by the Cayman Court to such indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration, contribution or advancement rights. Alternatively, Indemnitee, at his or her option, may seek an award in arbitration to be conducted by a single arbitrator pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. Except as set forth herein, the provisions of Cayman Islands law (without regard to its conflict of laws rules) shall apply to any such arbitration. The Company shall not oppose Indemnitees right to seek any such adjudication or award in arbitration.

(b) In the event that a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14 shall be conducted in all respects as a de novo trial, or arbitration, on the merits and Indemnitee shall not be prejudiced by reason of that adverse determination.

13

(c) In any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14, Indemnitee shall be presumed to be entitled to be indemnified, held harmless, exonerated to receive advancement of Expenses under this Agreement and the Company shall have the burden of proving Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified, held harmless, exonerated and to receive advancement of Expenses, as the case may be, and the Company may not refer to or introduce into evidence any determination pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement adverse to Indemnitee for any purpose. If Indemnitee commences a judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to this Section 14, Indemnitee shall not be required to reimburse the Company for any advances pursuant to Section 10 until a final determination is made with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification (as to which all rights of appeal have been exhausted or lapsed).

(d) If a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, the Company shall be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law.

(e) The Company shall be precluded from asserting in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14 that the procedures and presumptions of this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court or before any such arbitrator that the Company is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement.

(f) The Company shall indemnify and hold harmless Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company against all Expenses and, if requested by Indemnitee, shall (within ten (10) days after the Companys receipt of such written request) pay to Indemnitee, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, such Expenses which are incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any judicial proceeding or arbitration brought by Indemnitee: (i) to enforce his or her rights under, or to recover damages for breach of, this Agreement or any other indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration, advancement or contribution agreement or provision of the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association now or hereafter in effect; or (ii) for recovery or advances under any insurance policy maintained by any person for the benefit of Indemnitee, regardless of the outcome and whether Indemnitee ultimately is determined to be entitled to such indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration right, advancement, contribution or insurance recovery, as the case may be (unless such judicial proceeding or arbitration was not brought by Indemnitee in good faith).

(g) Interest shall be paid by the Company to Indemnitee at the legal rate under New York law for amounts which the Company indemnifies, holds harmless or exonerates, or advances, or is obliged to indemnify, hold harmless or exonerate or advance for the period commencing with the date on which Indemnitee requests indemnification, to be held harmless, exonerated, contribution, reimbursement or advancement of any Expenses and ending with the date on which such payment is made to Indemnitee by the Company.

14

15. SECURITY. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, except for Section 27, to the extent requested by Indemnitee and approved by the Board, the Company may at any time and from time to time provide security to Indemnitee for the Companys obligations hereunder through an irrevocable bank line of credit, funded trust or other collateral. Any such security, once provided to Indemnitee, may not be revoked or released without the prior written consent of Indemnitee.

16. NON-EXCLUSIVITY; SURVIVAL OF RIGHTS; INSURANCE; SUBROGATION.

(a) The rights of Indemnitee as provided by this Agreement shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled under applicable law, the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, any agreement, a vote of shareholders or a resolution of directors, or otherwise. No amendment, alteration or repeal of this Agreement or of any provision hereof shall limit or restrict any right of Indemnitee under this Agreement in respect of any Proceeding (regardless of when such Proceeding is first threatened, commenced or completed) or claim, issue or matter therein arising out of, or related to, any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee in his or her Corporate Status prior to such amendment, alteration or repeal. To the extent that a change in applicable law, whether by statute or judicial decision, permits greater indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration rights or advancement of Expenses than would be afforded currently under the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association or this Agreement, it is the intent of the parties hereto that Indemnitee shall enjoy by this Agreement the greater benefits so afforded by such change. No right or remedy herein conferred is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every other right and remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other right or remedy.

(b) The Companies Law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association permit the Company to purchase and maintain insurance or furnish similar protection or make other arrangements including, but not limited to, providing a trust fund, letter of credit, or surety bond (Indemnification Arrangements) on behalf of Indemnitee against any liability asserted against him or her or incurred by or on behalf of him or her or in such capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company, or arising out of his or her status as such, whether or not the Company would have the power to indemnify him or her against such liability under the provisions of this Agreement or under the Companies Law, as it may then be in effect. The purchase, establishment, and maintenance of any such Indemnification Arrangement shall not in any way limit or affect the rights and obligations of the Company or of Indemnitee under this Agreement except as expressly provided herein, and the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company and Indemnitee shall not in any way limit or affect the rights and obligations of the Company or the other party or parties thereto under any such Indemnification Arrangement.

15

(c) To the extent that the Company maintains an insurance policy or policies providing liability insurance for directors, officers, trustees, partners, managers, managing members, fiduciaries, employees, or agents of the Company or of any other Enterprise which such person serves at the request of the Company, Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any such director, officer, trustee, partner, managers, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent under such policy or policies. If, at the time the Company receives notice from any source of a Proceeding as to which Indemnitee is a party or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise), the Company has director and officer liability insurance in effect, the Company shall give prompt notice of such Proceeding to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the respective policies. The Company shall thereafter take all necessary or desirable action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of such Proceeding in accordance with the terms of such policies.

(d) In the event of any payment under this Agreement, the Company, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee, including with respect to any insurance. The Indemnitee shall execute all papers required and take all action necessary to secure such 16 rights, including execution of such documents as are necessary to enable the Company to bring suit to enforce such rights. No such payment by the Company shall be deemed to relieve any insurer of its obligations.

(e) The Companys obligation to indemnify, hold harmless, exonerate or advance Expenses hereunder to Indemnitee who is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise shall be reduced by any amount Indemnitee has actually received as indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration payments or advancement of expenses from such Enterprise. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary except for Section 27, (i) Indemnitee shall have no obligation to reduce, offset, allocate, pursue or apportion any indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration, advancement, contribution or insurance coverage among multiple parties possessing such duties to Indemnitee prior to the Companys satisfaction and performance of all its obligations under this Agreement, and (ii) the Company shall perform fully its obligations under this Agreement without regard to whether Indemnitee holds, may pursue or has pursued any indemnification, advancement, hold harmless, exoneration, contribution or insurance coverage rights against any person or entity other than the Company.

(f) Notwithstanding anything contained herein, the Company is the primary indemnitor, and any indemnification or advancement obligation of the Sponsor or its affiliates is secondary.

16

17. DURATION OF AGREEMENT. All agreements and obligations of the Company contained herein shall continue during the period Indemnitee serves as a director or officer of the Company or as a director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other Enterprise which Indemnitee serves at the request of the Company and shall continue thereafter so long as Indemnitee shall be subject to any possible Proceeding (including any rights of appeal thereto and any Proceeding commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 14 of this Agreement) by reason of his or her Corporate Status, whether or not he or she is acting in any such capacity at the time any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification or advancement can be provided under this Agreement.

18. SEVERABILITY. If any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever: (a) the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company; (b) such provision or provisions shall be deemed reformed to the extent necessary to conform to applicable law and to give the maximum effect to the intent of the parties hereto; and (c) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested thereby.

19. ENFORCEMENT AND BINDING EFFECT.

(a) The Company expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this Agreement and assumed the obligations imposed on it hereby in order to induce Indemnitee to serve as a director, officer or key employee of the Company, and the Company acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying upon this Agreement in serving as a director, officer or key employee of the Company.

(b) Without limiting any of the rights of Indemnitee under the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company as they may be amended from time to time, this Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, oral, written and implied, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof.

17

(c) The indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration and advancement of expenses rights provided by or granted pursuant to this Agreement shall be binding upon and be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company), shall continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company or a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise at the Companys request, and shall inure to the benefit of Indemnitee and his or her spouse, assigns, heirs, devisees, executors and administrators and other legal representatives.

(d) The Company shall require and cause any successor (whether direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all, substantially all or a substantial part, of the business and/or assets of the Company, by written agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Indemnitee, expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place.

(e) The Company and Indemnitee agree herein that a monetary remedy for breach of this Agreement, at some later date, may be inadequate, impracticable and difficult of proof, and further agree that such breach may cause Indemnitee irreparable harm. Accordingly, the parties hereto agree that Indemnitee may, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, enforce this Agreement by seeking, among other things, injunctive relief and/or specific performance hereof, without any necessity of showing actual damage or irreparable harm and that by seeking injunctive relief and/or specific performance, Indemnitee shall not be precluded from seeking or obtaining any other relief to which he or she may be entitled. The Company and Indemnitee further agree that Indemnitee shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, be entitled to such specific performance and injunctive relief, including temporary restraining orders, preliminary injunctions and permanent injunctions, without the necessity of posting bonds or other undertaking in connection therewith. The Company acknowledges that in the absence of a waiver, a bond or undertaking may be required of Indemnitee by a court of competent jurisdiction, Company hereby waives any such requirement of such a bond or undertaking to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company.

20. MODIFICATION AND WAIVER. No supplement, modification or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by the Company and Indemnitee. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions of this Agreement nor shall any waiver constitute a continuing waiver.

18

21. NOTICES. All notices, requests, demands and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given (i) if delivered by hand and receipted for by the party to whom said notice or other communication shall have been directed, or (ii) mailed by certified or registered mail with postage prepaid, on the third (3rd) business day after the date on which it is so mailed:

(a) If to Indemnitee, at the address indicated on the signature page of this Agreement, or such other address as Indemnitee shall provide in writing to the Company.

(b) If to the Company, to:

Titan Acquisition Corp.

131 Concord Street

Brooklyn, NY 11201

Attention: Chief Executive Officer

With a copy, which shall not constitute notice, to

Winston & Strawn LLP

800 Capitol St. STE 2400

Houston, TX 77002

Attn: Michael J. Blankenship

or to any other address as may have been furnished to Indemnitee in writing by the Company.

22. APPLICABLE LAW AND CONSENT TO JURISDICTION. This Agreement and the legal relations among the parties shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. Except with respect to any arbitration commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 14(a) of this Agreement, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, the Company and Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally: (a) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in the Cayman Court and not in any other state or federal court in the United States of America or any court in any other country; (b) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Cayman Court for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement; (c) waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such action or proceeding in the Cayman Court; and (d) waive, and agree not to plead or to make, any claim that any such action or proceeding brought in the Cayman Court has been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum, or is subject (in whole or in part) to a jury trial. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, the parties hereby agree that the mailing of process and other papers in connection with any such action or proceeding in the manner provided by Section 21 or in such other manner as may be permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, shall be valid and sufficient service thereof.

19

23. IDENTICAL COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. Only one such counterpart signed by the party against whom enforceability is sought needs to be produced to evidence the existence of this Agreement.

24. MISCELLANEOUS. Use of the masculine pronoun shall be deemed to include usage of the feminine pronoun where appropriate. The headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Agreement or to affect the construction thereof.

25. PERIOD OF LIMITATIONS. No legal action shall be brought and no cause of action shall be asserted by or in the right of the Company against Indemnitee, Indemnitees spouse, heirs, executors or personal or legal representatives after the expiration of two years from the date of accrual of such cause of action, and any claim or cause of action of the Company shall be extinguished and deemed released unless asserted by the timely filing of a legal action within such two-year period; provided, however, that if any shorter period of limitations is otherwise applicable to any such cause of action such shorter period shall govern.

26. ADDITIONAL ACTS. If for the validation of any of the provisions in this Agreement any act, resolution, approval or other procedure is required to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, the Company undertakes to cause such act, resolution, approval or other procedure to be affected or adopted in a manner that will enable the Company to fulfill its obligations under this Agreement.

27. WAIVER OF CLAIMS TO TRUST ACCOUNT. Indemnitee hereby agrees that he or she does not have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind (each, a Claim) in or to any monies in the trust account established in connection with the Companys initial public offering for the benefit of the Company and holders of shares issued in such offering, and hereby waives any Claim he or she may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to the Company and will not seek recourse against such trust account for any reason whatsoever.

28. MAINTENANCE OF INSURANCE. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain and maintain in effect during the entire period for which the Company is obligated to indemnify the Indemnitee under this Agreement, one or more policies of insurance with reputable insurance companies to provide the officers/directors of the Company with coverage for losses from wrongful acts and omissions and to ensure the Companys performance of its indemnification obligations under this Agreement. The Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any such director or officer under such policy or policies. In all such insurance policies, the Indemnitee shall be named as an insured in such a manner as to provide the Indemnitee with the same rights and benefits as are accorded to the most favorably insured of the Companys directors and officers.

20

29. INTERPRETATION

In this Agreement:

(a) words importing the singular number include the plural number and vice versa; words importing the masculine gender include the feminine gender; words importing persons include corporations as well as any other legal or natural person;

(b) written and in writing include all modes of representing or reproducing words in visible form, including in the form of an Electronic Record;

(c) shall shall be construed as imperative and may shall be construed as permissive;

(d) references to provisions of any law or regulation shall be construed as references to those provisions as amended, modified, re-enacted or replaced;

(e) any phrase introduced by the terms including, include, in particular or any similar expression shall be construed as illustrative and shall not limit the sense of the words preceding those terms;

(f) the term and/or is used herein to mean both and as well as or. The use of and/or in certain contexts in no respects qualifies or modifies the use of the terms and or or in others. The term or shall not be interpreted to be exclusive and the term and shall not be interpreted to require the conjunctive (in each case, unless the context otherwise requires);

(g) headings are inserted for reference only and shall be ignored in construing this Agreement;

(h) any requirements as to delivery under this Agreement include delivery in the form of an electronic record (as defined in the Electronic Transactions Act (Revised));

(i) any requirements as to execution or signature under this Agreement including the execution of this Agreement itself can be satisfied in the form of an electronic signature (as defined in the Electronic Transactions Act (Revised));

(j) sections 8 and 19(3) of the Electronic Transactions Act (Revised) shall not apply.

[Signature Page Follows]

21

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Indemnity Agreement to be signed as of the day and year first above written.

TITAN ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: /s/ Adeel Rouf 

Name: Adeel Rouf 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

INDEMNITEE 

/s/ Pawneet Abramowski 

Name: Pawneet Abramowski 

Address for notices: 131 Concord Street,

Brooklyn, NY 11201 

[Signature page to Indemnity Agreement]

22
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.11
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>titanacq_ex10-11.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.11
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.11

Execution Version

FORM OF INDEMNITY AGREEMENT

THIS INDEMNITY AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made as of April 8, 2025, by and between Titan Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), and the undersigned below (Indemnitee).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, highly competent persons have become more reluctant to serve publicly-held companies as directors, officers or in other capacities unless they are provided with adequate protection through insurance or adequate indemnification against inordinate risks of claims and actions against them arising out of their service to and activities on behalf of such companies;

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board) has determined that, in order to attract and retain qualified individuals, the Company will attempt to maintain on an ongoing basis, at its sole expense, liability insurance to protect persons serving the Company and its Subsidiaries (as defined below) from certain liabilities;

WHEREAS, while the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company provide for the indemnification of the officers and directors of the Company, Indemnitee may also be entitled to indemnification pursuant to applicable Cayman Islands law, and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provide that the indemnification provisions set forth therein are not exclusive, and thereby contemplate that contracts may be entered into between the Company and members of the board of directors, officers and other persons with respect to indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration, advancement and reimbursement rights;

WHEREAS, the uncertainties relating to such insurance and to indemnification have increased the difficulty of attracting and retaining such persons;

WHEREAS, the Board has determined that the increased difficulty in attracting and retaining such persons is detrimental to the best interests of the Companys shareholders and that the Company should act to assure such persons that there will be increased certainty of such protection in the future;

WHEREAS, it is reasonable, prudent and necessary for the Company contractually to obligate itself to indemnify, hold harmless, exonerate and to advance expenses on behalf of, such persons to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company so that they will serve or continue to serve the Company free from undue concern that they will not be so protected against liabilities;

WHEREAS, this Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company and any resolutions adopted pursuant thereto, and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder; and

WHEREAS, Indemnitee may not be willing to serve as an officer or director without adequate protection, and the Company desires Indemnitee to serve in such capacity, and Indemnitee is willing to serve, continue to serve and to take on additional service for or on behalf of the Company on the condition that he or she be so indemnified.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the covenants contained herein, the Company and Indemnitee do hereby covenant and agree as follows:

TERMS AND CONDITIONS

1. SERVICES TO THE COMPANY. In consideration of the Companys covenants and obligations hereunder, Indemnitee will serve or continue to serve as an officer, director, advisor, key employee or any other capacity of the Company, as applicable, for so long as Indemnitee is duly elected or appointed or retained or until Indemnitee tenders his or her resignation or until Indemnitee is removed. The foregoing notwithstanding, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect after Indemnitee has ceased to serve as a director, officer, advisor, key employee or in any other capacity of the Company, as provided in Section 17. This Agreement, however, shall not impose any obligation on Indemnitee or the Company to continue Indemnitees service to the Company beyond any period otherwise required by law or by other agreements or commitments of the parties, if any.

2. DEFINITIONS. As used in this Agreement:

(a) References to agent shall mean any person who is or was a director, officer or employee of the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company or other person authorized by the Company to act for the Company, to include such person serving in such capacity as a director, officer, employee, fiduciary or other official of another company, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust or other enterprise at the request of, for the convenience of, or to represent the interests of the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company.

(b) The terms Beneficial Owner and Beneficial Ownership shall have the meanings set forth in Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act (as defined below) as in effect on the date hereof.

(c) Cayman Court shall mean the courts of the Cayman Islands.

(d) A Change in Control shall be deemed to occur upon the earliest to occur after the date of this Agreement of any of the following events:

(i) Acquisition of Shares by Third Party. Other than an affiliate of Titan Acquisition Sponsor Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor), any Person (as defined below) is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing fifteen percent (15%) or more of the combined voting power of the Companys then outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, unless (1) the change in the relative Beneficial Ownership of the Companys securities by any Person results solely from a reduction in the aggregate number of outstanding shares of securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, or (2) such acquisition was approved in advance by the Continuing Directors (as defined below) and such acquisition would not constitute a Change in Control under part (iii) of this definition;

2

(ii) Change in Board of Directors. Individuals who, as of the date hereof, constitute the Board, and any new director whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the Companys shareholders was approved by a vote of at least two thirds of the directors then still in office who were directors on the date hereof or whose election for nomination for election was previously so approved (collectively, the Continuing Directors), cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board;

(iii) Corporate Transactions. The effective date of a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination, involving the Company and one or more businesses (a Business Combination), in each case, unless, following such Business Combination: (1) all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the Beneficial Owners of securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 50% of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors resulting from such Business Combination (including, without limitation, a company which as a result of such transaction owns the Company or all or substantially all of the Companys assets either directly or through one or more Subsidiaries) in substantially the same proportions as their ownership immediately prior to such Business Combination, of the securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors; (2) other than an affiliate of the Sponsor, no Person (excluding any company resulting from such Business Combination) is the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of 15% or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors of the surviving company except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the Business Combination; and (3) at least a majority of the Board of Directors of the company resulting from such Business Combination were Continuing Directors at the time of the execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Board of Directors, providing for such Business Combination;

(iv) Liquidation. The approval by the shareholders of the Company of a complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement or series of agreements for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Companys assets, other than factoring the Companys current receivables or escrows due (or, if such approval is not required, the decision by the Board to proceed with such a liquidation, sale, or disposition in one transaction or a series of related transactions); or

3

(v) Other Events. There occurs any other event of a nature that would be required to be reported in response to Item 6(e) of Schedule 14A of Regulation 14A (or any successor rule) (or a response to any similar item on any similar schedule or form) promulgated under the Exchange Act (as defined below), whether or not the Company is then subject to such reporting requirement.

(e) Companies Law shall mean the Companies Act (Revised) of the Cayman Islands, as amended from time to time.

(f) Corporate Status describes the status of a person who is or was a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of the Company or of any other Enterprise (as defined below) which such person is or was serving at the request of the Company.

(g) Disinterested Director shall mean a director of the Company who is not and was not a party to the Proceeding (as defined below) in respect of which indemnification is sought by Indemnitee.

(h) Enterprise shall mean the Company and any other company, corporation, constituent company or corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its wholly owned Subsidiaries) is a party, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise of which Indemnitee is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, general partner, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent.

(i) Exchange Act shall mean the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

(j) Expenses shall include all direct and indirect costs, fees and expenses of any type or nature whatsoever, including, without limitation, all reasonable attorneys fees and costs, retainers, court costs, transcript costs, fees of experts, witness fees, travel expenses, fees of private investigators and professional advisors, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees, fax transmission charges, secretarial services and all other disbursements, obligations or expenses in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, being or preparing to be a witness in, settlement or appeal of, or otherwise participating in, a Proceeding (as defined below), including reasonable compensation for time spent by the Indemnitee for which he or she is not otherwise compensated by the Company or any third party. Expenses also shall include Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from any Proceeding (as defined below), including without limitation the principal, premium, security for, and other costs relating to any cost bond, supersedes bond, or other appeal bond or its equivalent. Expenses, however, shall not include amounts paid in settlement by Indemnitee or the amount of judgments or fines against Indemnitee.

4

(k) References to fines shall include any excise tax assessed on Indemnitee with respect to any employee benefit plan.

(l) References to serving at the request of the Company shall include any service as a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in the best interests of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan, Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best interests of the Company as referred to in this Agreement.

(m) Independent Counsel shall mean a law firm or a member of a law firm with significant experience in matters of corporation law and that neither presently is, nor in the past five years has been, retained to represent: (i) the Company or Indemnitee in any matter material to either such party (other than with respect to matters concerning Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar indemnification agreements); or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding (as defined below) giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Independent Counsel shall not include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitees rights under this Agreement.

(n) The term Person shall have the meaning as set forth in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act as in effect on the date hereof; provided, however, that Person shall exclude: (i) the Company; (ii) any Subsidiaries of the Company; (iii) any employment benefit plan of the Company or of a Subsidiary (as defined below) of the Company or of any corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of shares of the Company; and (iv) any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or of a Subsidiary (as defined below) of the Company or of a corporation owned directly or indirectly by the shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of shares of the Company.

(o) The term Proceeding shall include any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, arbitration, mediation, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, inquiry, administrative hearing or any other actual, threatened or completed proceeding, whether brought in the right of the Company or otherwise and whether of a civil (including intentional or unintentional tort claims), criminal, administrative or investigative or related nature, in which Indemnitee was, is, will or might be involved as a party or otherwise by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was a director or officer of the Company, by reason of any action (or failure to act) taken by him or her or of any action (or failure to act) on his or her part while acting as a director or officer of the Company, or by reason of the fact that he or she is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, general partner, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise, in each case whether or not serving in such capacity at the time any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification, reimbursement, or advancement of expenses can be provided under this Agreement.

5

(p) The term Subsidiary, with respect to any Person, shall mean any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust or other entity of which a majority of the voting power of the voting equity securities or equity interest is owned, directly or indirectly, by that Person.

3. INDEMNITY IN THIRD-PARTY PROCEEDINGS. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, the Company shall indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3 if Indemnitee was, is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise) in any Proceeding, other than a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status. Pursuant to this Section 3, Indemnitee shall be indemnified, held harmless and exonerated against all Expenses, judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually, and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on his or her behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company and, in the case of a criminal Proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful.

4. INDEMNITY IN PROCEEDINGS BY OR IN THE RIGHT OF THE COMPANY. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, the Company shall indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of this Section 4 if Indemnitee was, is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise) in any Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status. Pursuant to this Section 4, Indemnitee shall be indemnified, held harmless and exonerated against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her on his or her behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company. No indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration for Expenses shall be made under this Section 4 in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which Indemnitee shall have been finally adjudged by a court to be liable to the Company, unless and only to the extent that any court in which the Proceeding was brought or the Cayman Court shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification, to be held harmless or to exoneration.

6

5. INDEMNIFICATION FOR EXPENSES OF A PARTY WHO IS WHOLLY OR PARTLY SUCCESSFUL. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement except for Section 27, to the extent that Indemnitee was or is, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, a party to (or a participant in) and is successful, on the merits or otherwise, in any Proceeding or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, in whole or in part, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her in connection therewith. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding but is successful, on the merits or otherwise, as to one or more but less than all claims, issues or matters in such Proceeding, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her or on his or her behalf in connection with each successfully resolved claim, issue or matter. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding, the Company also shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee against all Expenses reasonably incurred in connection with a claim, issue or matter related to any claim, issue, or matter on which Indemnitee was successful. For purposes of this Section and without limitation, the termination of any claim, issue or matter in such a Proceeding by dismissal, with or without prejudice, shall be deemed to be a successful result as to such claim, issue or matter.

6. INDEMNIFICATION FOR EXPENSES OF A WITNESS. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement except for Section 27, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of his or her Corporate Status, a witness or deponent in any Proceeding to which Indemnitee was or is not a party or threatened to be made a party, he or she shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, be indemnified, held harmless and exonerated against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her or on his or her behalf in connection therewith.

7. ADDITIONAL INDEMNIFICATION, HOLD HARMLESS AND EXONERATION RIGHTS.

(a) Notwithstanding any limitation in Sections 3, 4, or 5, except for Section 27, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee if Indemnitee is a party to or threatened to be made a party to any Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor) against all Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the Proceeding. No indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration rights shall be available under this Section 7(a) on account of Indemnitees conduct which constitutes a breach of Indemnitees duty of loyalty to the Company or its shareholders or is an act or omission not in good faith or which involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of the law.

7

(b) Notwithstanding any limitation in Sections 3, 4, 5 or 7(a), except for Section 27, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee if Indemnitee is a party to or threatened to be made a party to any Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor) against all Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the Proceeding.

8. CONTRIBUTION IN THE EVENT OF JOINT LIABILITY.

(a) To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, if the indemnification, hold harmless and/or exoneration rights provided for in this Agreement are unavailable to Indemnitee in whole or in part for any reason whatsoever, the Company, in lieu of indemnifying, holding harmless or exonerating Indemnitee, shall pay, in the first instance, the entire amount incurred by Indemnitee, whether for judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and/or for Expenses, in connection with any Proceeding without requiring Indemnitee to contribute to such payment, and the Company hereby waives and relinquishes any right of contribution it may have at any time against Indemnitee.

(b) The Company shall not enter into any settlement of any Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding) unless such settlement provides for a full and final release of all claims asserted against Indemnitee.

(c) The Company hereby agrees to fully indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee from any claims for contribution which may be brought by officers, directors or employees of the Company other than Indemnitee who may be jointly liable with Indemnitee.

9. EXCLUSIONS. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement, the Company shall not be obligated under this Agreement to make any indemnification, advance expenses, hold harmless or exoneration payment in connection with any claim made against Indemnitee:

(a) for which payment has actually been received by or on behalf of Indemnitee under any insurance policy or other indemnity or advancement provision and which payment has not subsequently been returned, except with respect to any excess beyond the amount actually received under any insurance policy, contract, agreement, other indemnity or advancement provision or otherwise;

8

(b) for an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) by Indemnitee of securities of the Company within the meaning of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act (or any successor rule) or similar provisions of state statutory law or common law; or

(c) except as otherwise provided in Sections 14(f)-(g) hereof, prior to a Change in Control, in connection with any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee, including any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee against the Company or its directors, officers, employees or other indemnitees, unless (i) the Board authorized the Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) prior to its initiation or (ii) the Company provides the indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration payment, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the Company under applicable law.

10. ADVANCES OF EXPENSES; DEFENSE OF CLAIM.

(a) Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary except for Section 27, and to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law, the Company shall pay the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee (or reasonably expected by Indemnitee to be incurred by Indemnitee within three months) in connection with any Proceeding within ten (10) days after the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements requesting such advances from time to time, prior to the final disposition of any Proceeding. Advances shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, be unsecured and interest free. Advances shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, be made without regard to Indemnitees ability to repay the Expenses and without regard to Indemnitees ultimate entitlement to be indemnified, held harmless or exonerated under the other provisions of this Agreement. Advances shall include any and all reasonable Expenses incurred pursuing a Proceeding to enforce this right of advancement, including Expenses incurred preparing and forwarding statements to the Company to support the advances claimed. To the fullest extent required by applicable law, such payments of Expenses in advance of the final disposition of the Proceeding shall be made only upon the Companys receipt of an undertaking, by or on behalf of Indemnitee, to repay the advanced amounts to the extent that it is ultimately determined that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company under the provisions of this Agreement, the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, applicable law or otherwise. This Section 10(a) shall not apply to any claim made by Indemnitee for which an indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration payment is excluded pursuant to Section 9.

(b) The Company will be entitled to participate in the Proceeding at its own expense.

(c) The Company shall not settle any action, claim or Proceeding (in whole or in part) which would impose any Expense, judgment, fine, penalty or limitation on Indemnitee without Indemnitees prior written consent.

9

11. PROCEDURE FOR NOTIFICATION AND APPLICATION FOR INDEMNIFICATION.

(a) Indemnitee agrees to notify promptly the Company in writing upon being served with any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document relating to any Proceeding, claim, issue or matter therein which may be subject to indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration rights, or advancement of Expenses covered hereunder. The failure of Indemnitee to so notify the Company shall not relieve the Company of any obligation which it may have to Indemnitee under this Agreement, or otherwise.

(b) Indemnitee may deliver to the Company a written application to indemnify, hold harmless or exonerate Indemnitee in accordance with this Agreement. Such application(s) may be delivered from time to time and at such time(s) as Indemnitee deems appropriate in his or her sole discretion. Following such a written application for indemnification by Indemnitee, Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification shall be determined according to Section 12(a) of this Agreement.

12. PROCEDURE UPON APPLICATION FOR INDEMNIFICATION.

(a) A determination, if required by applicable law, with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification shall be made in the specific case by one of the following methods, which shall be at the election of Indemnitee: (i) by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum of the Board, (ii) by a committee of such directors designated by majority vote of such directors, (iii) if there are no Disinterested Directors or if such directors so direct, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee, or (iv) by vote of the shareholders. The Company promptly will advise Indemnitee in writing with respect to any determination that Indemnitee is or is not entitled to indemnification, including a description of any reason or basis for which indemnification has been denied. If it is so determined that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, payment to Indemnitee shall be made within ten (10) days after such determination. Indemnitee shall reasonably cooperate with the person, persons or entity making such determination with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification, including providing to such person, persons or entity upon reasonable advance request any documentation or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to such determination. Any costs or Expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements) incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating with the person, persons or entity making such determination shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination as to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification) and the Company hereby agrees to indemnify and to hold Indemnitee harmless therefrom.

10

(b) In the event the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 12(a) hereof, the Independent Counsel shall be selected as provided in this Section 12(b). The Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee (unless Indemnitee shall request that such selection be made by the Board), and Indemnitee shall give written notice to the Company advising it of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected and certifying that the Independent Counsel so selected meets the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement. If the Independent Counsel is selected by the Board, the Company shall give written notice to Indemnitee advising him or her of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected and certifying that the Independent Counsel so selected meets the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement. In either event, Indemnitee or the Company, as the case may be, may, within ten (10) days after such written notice of selection shall have been received, deliver to the Company or to Indemnitee, as the case may be, a written objection to such selection; provided, however, that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement, and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If such written objection is so made and substantiated, the Independent Counsel so selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or a court of competent jurisdiction has determined that such objection is without merit. If, within twenty (20) days after submission by Indemnitee of a written request for indemnification pursuant to Section 11(b) hereof, no Independent Counsel shall have been selected and not objected to, either the Company or Indemnitee may petition the Cayman Court for resolution of any objection which shall have been made by the Company or Indemnitee to the others selection of Independent Counsel and/or for the appointment as Independent Counsel of a person selected by the Cayman Court, and the person with respect to whom all objections are so resolved or the person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under Section (a) hereof. Upon the due commencement of any judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to Section 14(a) of this Agreement, Independent Counsel shall be discharged and relieved of any further responsibility in such capacity (subject to the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing).

(c) The Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees and expenses of Independent Counsel and to fully indemnify and hold harmless such Independent Counsel against any and all Expenses, claims, liabilities and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement pursuant hereto.

13. PRESUMPTIONS AND EFFECT OF CERTAIN PROCEEDINGS.

(a) In making a determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification hereunder, the person, persons or entity making such determination shall presume that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement if Indemnitee has submitted a request for indemnification in accordance with Section 11(b) of this Agreement, and the Company shall have the burden of proof to overcome that presumption in connection with the making by any person, persons or entity of any determination contrary to that presumption. Neither the failure of the Company (including by the Disinterested Directors or Independent Counsel) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of any action pursuant to this Agreement that indemnification is proper in the circumstances because Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct, nor an actual determination by the Company (including by the Disinterested Directors or Independent Counsel) that Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct.

11

(b) If the person, persons or entity empowered or selected under Section 12 of this Agreement to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification shall not have made a determination within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request therefor, the requisite determination of entitlement to indemnification shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee 12 shall be entitled to such indemnification, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a final judicial determination that any or all such indemnification is expressly prohibited under applicable law or the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company; provided, however, that such 30-day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional fifteen (15) days, if the person, persons or entity making the determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification in good faith requires such additional time for the obtaining or evaluating of documentation and/or information relating thereto.

(c) The termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue or matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect the right of Indemnitee to indemnification or create a presumption that Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a manner which he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful.

(d) For purposes of any determination of good faith, Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith if Indemnitees action is based on the records or books of account of the Enterprise, including financial statements, or on information supplied to Indemnitee by the directors, manager, or officers of the Enterprise in the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel for the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general partner, manager or managing member, or on information or records given or reports made to the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general partner, manager or managing member, by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert selected by the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general partner, manager or managing member. The provisions of this Section 13(d) shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to limit in any way the other circumstances in which Indemnitee may be deemed or found to have met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in this Agreement.

12

(e) The knowledge and/or actions, or failure to act, of any other director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, agent or employee of the Enterprise shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnification under this Agreement.

14. REMEDIES OF INDEMNITEE.

(a) In the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to Section 12 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, (ii) advancement of Expenses, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, is not timely made pursuant to Section 10 of this Agreement, (iii) no determination of entitlement to indemnification shall have been made pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request for indemnification, (iv) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Section 5, 6, 7 or the last sentence of Section 12(a) of this Agreement within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor, (v) a contribution payment is not made in a timely manner pursuant to Section 8 of this Agreement, (vi) payment of indemnification pursuant to Section 3 or 4 of this Agreement is not made within ten (10) days after a determination has been made that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, or (vii) payment to Indemnitee pursuant to any hold harmless or exoneration rights under this Agreement or otherwise is not made in accordance with this Agreement, Indemnitee shall be entitled to an adjudication by the Cayman Court to such indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration, contribution or advancement rights. Alternatively, Indemnitee, at his or her option, may seek an award in arbitration to be conducted by a single arbitrator pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. Except as set forth herein, the provisions of Cayman Islands law (without regard to its conflict of laws rules) shall apply to any such arbitration. The Company shall not oppose Indemnitees right to seek any such adjudication or award in arbitration.

(b) In the event that a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14 shall be conducted in all respects as a de novo trial, or arbitration, on the merits and Indemnitee shall not be prejudiced by reason of that adverse determination.

13

(c) In any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14, Indemnitee shall be presumed to be entitled to be indemnified, held harmless, exonerated to receive advancement of Expenses under this Agreement and the Company shall have the burden of proving Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified, held harmless, exonerated and to receive advancement of Expenses, as the case may be, and the Company may not refer to or introduce into evidence any determination pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement adverse to Indemnitee for any purpose. If Indemnitee commences a judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to this Section 14, Indemnitee shall not be required to reimburse the Company for any advances pursuant to Section 10 until a final determination is made with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification (as to which all rights of appeal have been exhausted or lapsed).

(d) If a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, the Company shall be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law.

(e) The Company shall be precluded from asserting in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14 that the procedures and presumptions of this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court or before any such arbitrator that the Company is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement.

(f) The Company shall indemnify and hold harmless Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company against all Expenses and, if requested by Indemnitee, shall (within ten (10) days after the Companys receipt of such written request) pay to Indemnitee, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, such Expenses which are incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any judicial proceeding or arbitration brought by Indemnitee: (i) to enforce his or her rights under, or to recover damages for breach of, this Agreement or any other indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration, advancement or contribution agreement or provision of the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association now or hereafter in effect; or (ii) for recovery or advances under any insurance policy maintained by any person for the benefit of Indemnitee, regardless of the outcome and whether Indemnitee ultimately is determined to be entitled to such indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration right, advancement, contribution or insurance recovery, as the case may be (unless such judicial proceeding or arbitration was not brought by Indemnitee in good faith).

(g) Interest shall be paid by the Company to Indemnitee at the legal rate under New York law for amounts which the Company indemnifies, holds harmless or exonerates, or advances, or is obliged to indemnify, hold harmless or exonerate or advance for the period commencing with the date on which Indemnitee requests indemnification, to be held harmless, exonerated, contribution, reimbursement or advancement of any Expenses and ending with the date on which such payment is made to Indemnitee by the Company.

14

15. SECURITY. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, except for Section 27, to the extent requested by Indemnitee and approved by the Board, the Company may at any time and from time to time provide security to Indemnitee for the Companys obligations hereunder through an irrevocable bank line of credit, funded trust or other collateral. Any such security, once provided to Indemnitee, may not be revoked or released without the prior written consent of Indemnitee.

16. NON-EXCLUSIVITY; SURVIVAL OF RIGHTS; INSURANCE; SUBROGATION.

(a) The rights of Indemnitee as provided by this Agreement shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled under applicable law, the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, any agreement, a vote of shareholders or a resolution of directors, or otherwise. No amendment, alteration or repeal of this Agreement or of any provision hereof shall limit or restrict any right of Indemnitee under this Agreement in respect of any Proceeding (regardless of when such Proceeding is first threatened, commenced or completed) or claim, issue or matter therein arising out of, or related to, any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee in his or her Corporate Status prior to such amendment, alteration or repeal. To the extent that a change in applicable law, whether by statute or judicial decision, permits greater indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration rights or advancement of Expenses than would be afforded currently under the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association or this Agreement, it is the intent of the parties hereto that Indemnitee shall enjoy by this Agreement the greater benefits so afforded by such change. No right or remedy herein conferred is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every other right and remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other right or remedy.

(b) The Companies Law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association permit the Company to purchase and maintain insurance or furnish similar protection or make other arrangements including, but not limited to, providing a trust fund, letter of credit, or surety bond (Indemnification Arrangements) on behalf of Indemnitee against any liability asserted against him or her or incurred by or on behalf of him or her or in such capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company, or arising out of his or her status as such, whether or not the Company would have the power to indemnify him or her against such liability under the provisions of this Agreement or under the Companies Law, as it may then be in effect. The purchase, establishment, and maintenance of any such Indemnification Arrangement shall not in any way limit or affect the rights and obligations of the Company or of Indemnitee under this Agreement except as expressly provided herein, and the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company and Indemnitee shall not in any way limit or affect the rights and obligations of the Company or the other party or parties thereto under any such Indemnification Arrangement.

15

(c) To the extent that the Company maintains an insurance policy or policies providing liability insurance for directors, officers, trustees, partners, managers, managing members, fiduciaries, employees, or agents of the Company or of any other Enterprise which such person serves at the request of the Company, Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any such director, officer, trustee, partner, managers, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent under such policy or policies. If, at the time the Company receives notice from any source of a Proceeding as to which Indemnitee is a party or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise), the Company has director and officer liability insurance in effect, the Company shall give prompt notice of such Proceeding to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the respective policies. The Company shall thereafter take all necessary or desirable action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of such Proceeding in accordance with the terms of such policies.

(d) In the event of any payment under this Agreement, the Company, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee, including with respect to any insurance. The Indemnitee shall execute all papers required and take all action necessary to secure such 16 rights, including execution of such documents as are necessary to enable the Company to bring suit to enforce such rights. No such payment by the Company shall be deemed to relieve any insurer of its obligations.

(e) The Companys obligation to indemnify, hold harmless, exonerate or advance Expenses hereunder to Indemnitee who is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise shall be reduced by any amount Indemnitee has actually received as indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration payments or advancement of expenses from such Enterprise. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary except for Section 27, (i) Indemnitee shall have no obligation to reduce, offset, allocate, pursue or apportion any indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration, advancement, contribution or insurance coverage among multiple parties possessing such duties to Indemnitee prior to the Companys satisfaction and performance of all its obligations under this Agreement, and (ii) the Company shall perform fully its obligations under this Agreement without regard to whether Indemnitee holds, may pursue or has pursued any indemnification, advancement, hold harmless, exoneration, contribution or insurance coverage rights against any person or entity other than the Company.

(f) Notwithstanding anything contained herein, the Company is the primary indemnitor, and any indemnification or advancement obligation of the Sponsor or its affiliates is secondary.

16

17. DURATION OF AGREEMENT. All agreements and obligations of the Company contained herein shall continue during the period Indemnitee serves as a director or officer of the Company or as a director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other Enterprise which Indemnitee serves at the request of the Company and shall continue thereafter so long as Indemnitee shall be subject to any possible Proceeding (including any rights of appeal thereto and any Proceeding commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 14 of this Agreement) by reason of his or her Corporate Status, whether or not he or she is acting in any such capacity at the time any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification or advancement can be provided under this Agreement.

18. SEVERABILITY. If any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever: (a) the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company; (b) such provision or provisions shall be deemed reformed to the extent necessary to conform to applicable law and to give the maximum effect to the intent of the parties hereto; and (c) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested thereby.

19. ENFORCEMENT AND BINDING EFFECT.

(a) The Company expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this Agreement and assumed the obligations imposed on it hereby in order to induce Indemnitee to serve as a director, officer or key employee of the Company, and the Company acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying upon this Agreement in serving as a director, officer or key employee of the Company.

(b) Without limiting any of the rights of Indemnitee under the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company as they may be amended from time to time, this Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, oral, written and implied, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof.

17

(c) The indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration and advancement of expenses rights provided by or granted pursuant to this Agreement shall be binding upon and be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company), shall continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company or a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise at the Companys request, and shall inure to the benefit of Indemnitee and his or her spouse, assigns, heirs, devisees, executors and administrators and other legal representatives.

(d) The Company shall require and cause any successor (whether direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all, substantially all or a substantial part, of the business and/or assets of the Company, by written agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Indemnitee, expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place.

(e) The Company and Indemnitee agree herein that a monetary remedy for breach of this Agreement, at some later date, may be inadequate, impracticable and difficult of proof, and further agree that such breach may cause Indemnitee irreparable harm. Accordingly, the parties hereto agree that Indemnitee may, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, enforce this Agreement by seeking, among other things, injunctive relief and/or specific performance hereof, without any necessity of showing actual damage or irreparable harm and that by seeking injunctive relief and/or specific performance, Indemnitee shall not be precluded from seeking or obtaining any other relief to which he or she may be entitled. The Company and Indemnitee further agree that Indemnitee shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, be entitled to such specific performance and injunctive relief, including temporary restraining orders, preliminary injunctions and permanent injunctions, without the necessity of posting bonds or other undertaking in connection therewith. The Company acknowledges that in the absence of a waiver, a bond or undertaking may be required of Indemnitee by a court of competent jurisdiction, Company hereby waives any such requirement of such a bond or undertaking to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company.

20. MODIFICATION AND WAIVER. No supplement, modification or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by the Company and Indemnitee. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions of this Agreement nor shall any waiver constitute a continuing waiver.

18

21. NOTICES. All notices, requests, demands and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given (i) if delivered by hand and receipted for by the party to whom said notice or other communication shall have been directed, or (ii) mailed by certified or registered mail with postage prepaid, on the third (3rd) business day after the date on which it is so mailed:

(a) If to Indemnitee, at the address indicated on the signature page of this Agreement, or such other address as Indemnitee shall provide in writing to the Company.

(b) If to the Company, to:

Titan Acquisition Corp.

131 Concord Street

Brooklyn, NY 11201

Attention: Chief Executive Officer

With a copy, which shall not constitute notice, to

Winston & Strawn LLP

800 Capitol St. STE 2400

Houston, TX 77002

Attn: Michael J. Blankenship

or to any other address as may have been furnished to Indemnitee in writing by the Company.

22. APPLICABLE LAW AND CONSENT TO JURISDICTION. This Agreement and the legal relations among the parties shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. Except with respect to any arbitration commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 14(a) of this Agreement, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, the Company and Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally: (a) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in the Cayman Court and not in any other state or federal court in the United States of America or any court in any other country; (b) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Cayman Court for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement; (c) waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such action or proceeding in the Cayman Court; and (d) waive, and agree not to plead or to make, any claim that any such action or proceeding brought in the Cayman Court has been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum, or is subject (in whole or in part) to a jury trial. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, the parties hereby agree that the mailing of process and other papers in connection with any such action or proceeding in the manner provided by Section 21 or in such other manner as may be permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, shall be valid and sufficient service thereof.

19

23. IDENTICAL COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. Only one such counterpart signed by the party against whom enforceability is sought needs to be produced to evidence the existence of this Agreement.

24. MISCELLANEOUS. Use of the masculine pronoun shall be deemed to include usage of the feminine pronoun where appropriate. The headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Agreement or to affect the construction thereof.

25. PERIOD OF LIMITATIONS. No legal action shall be brought and no cause of action shall be asserted by or in the right of the Company against Indemnitee, Indemnitees spouse, heirs, executors or personal or legal representatives after the expiration of two years from the date of accrual of such cause of action, and any claim or cause of action of the Company shall be extinguished and deemed released unless asserted by the timely filing of a legal action within such two-year period; provided, however, that if any shorter period of limitations is otherwise applicable to any such cause of action such shorter period shall govern.

26. ADDITIONAL ACTS. If for the validation of any of the provisions in this Agreement any act, resolution, approval or other procedure is required to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, the Company undertakes to cause such act, resolution, approval or other procedure to be affected or adopted in a manner that will enable the Company to fulfill its obligations under this Agreement.

27. WAIVER OF CLAIMS TO TRUST ACCOUNT. Indemnitee hereby agrees that he or she does not have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind (each, a Claim) in or to any monies in the trust account established in connection with the Companys initial public offering for the benefit of the Company and holders of shares issued in such offering, and hereby waives any Claim he or she may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to the Company and will not seek recourse against such trust account for any reason whatsoever.

28. MAINTENANCE OF INSURANCE. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain and maintain in effect during the entire period for which the Company is obligated to indemnify the Indemnitee under this Agreement, one or more policies of insurance with reputable insurance companies to provide the officers/directors of the Company with coverage for losses from wrongful acts and omissions and to ensure the Companys performance of its indemnification obligations under this Agreement. The Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any such director or officer under such policy or policies. In all such insurance policies, the Indemnitee shall be named as an insured in such a manner as to provide the Indemnitee with the same rights and benefits as are accorded to the most favorably insured of the Companys directors and officers.

20

29. INTERPRETATION

In this Agreement:

(a) words importing the singular number include the plural number and vice versa; words importing the masculine gender include the feminine gender; words importing persons include corporations as well as any other legal or natural person;

(b) written and in writing include all modes of representing or reproducing words in visible form, including in the form of an Electronic Record;

(c) shall shall be construed as imperative and may shall be construed as permissive;

(d) references to provisions of any law or regulation shall be construed as references to those provisions as amended, modified, re-enacted or replaced;

(e) any phrase introduced by the terms including, include, in particular or any similar expression shall be construed as illustrative and shall not limit the sense of the words preceding those terms;

(f) the term and/or is used herein to mean both and as well as or. The use of and/or in certain contexts in no respects qualifies or modifies the use of the terms and or or in others. The term or shall not be interpreted to be exclusive and the term and shall not be interpreted to require the conjunctive (in each case, unless the context otherwise requires);

(g) headings are inserted for reference only and shall be ignored in construing this Agreement;

(h) any requirements as to delivery under this Agreement include delivery in the form of an electronic record (as defined in the Electronic Transactions Act (Revised));

(i) any requirements as to execution or signature under this Agreement including the execution of this Agreement itself can be satisfied in the form of an electronic signature (as defined in the Electronic Transactions Act (Revised));

(j) sections 8 and 19(3) of the Electronic Transactions Act (Revised) shall not apply.

[Signature Page Follows]

21

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Indemnity Agreement to be signed as of the day and year first above written.

TITAN ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: /s/ Adeel Rouf 

Name: Adeel Rouf 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

INDEMNITEE 

/s/ Walter Beach 

Name: Walter Beach 

Address for notices: 131 Concord Street,

Brooklyn, NY 11201 

[Signature page to Indemnity Agreement]

22
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.12
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>titanacq_ex10-12.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.12
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.12

Execution Version

FORM OF INDEMNITY AGREEMENT

THIS INDEMNITY AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made as of April 8, 2025, by and between Titan Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), and the undersigned below (Indemnitee).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, highly competent persons have become more reluctant to serve publicly-held companies as directors, officers or in other capacities unless they are provided with adequate protection through insurance or adequate indemnification against inordinate risks of claims and actions against them arising out of their service to and activities on behalf of such companies;

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board) has determined that, in order to attract and retain qualified individuals, the Company will attempt to maintain on an ongoing basis, at its sole expense, liability insurance to protect persons serving the Company and its Subsidiaries (as defined below) from certain liabilities;

WHEREAS, while the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company provide for the indemnification of the officers and directors of the Company, Indemnitee may also be entitled to indemnification pursuant to applicable Cayman Islands law, and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provide that the indemnification provisions set forth therein are not exclusive, and thereby contemplate that contracts may be entered into between the Company and members of the board of directors, officers and other persons with respect to indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration, advancement and reimbursement rights;

WHEREAS, the uncertainties relating to such insurance and to indemnification have increased the difficulty of attracting and retaining such persons;

WHEREAS, the Board has determined that the increased difficulty in attracting and retaining such persons is detrimental to the best interests of the Companys shareholders and that the Company should act to assure such persons that there will be increased certainty of such protection in the future;

WHEREAS, it is reasonable, prudent and necessary for the Company contractually to obligate itself to indemnify, hold harmless, exonerate and to advance expenses on behalf of, such persons to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company so that they will serve or continue to serve the Company free from undue concern that they will not be so protected against liabilities;

WHEREAS, this Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company and any resolutions adopted pursuant thereto, and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder; and

WHEREAS, Indemnitee may not be willing to serve as an officer or director without adequate protection, and the Company desires Indemnitee to serve in such capacity, and Indemnitee is willing to serve, continue to serve and to take on additional service for or on behalf of the Company on the condition that he or she be so indemnified.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the covenants contained herein, the Company and Indemnitee do hereby covenant and agree as follows:

TERMS AND CONDITIONS

1. SERVICES TO THE COMPANY. In consideration of the Companys covenants and obligations hereunder, Indemnitee will serve or continue to serve as an officer, director, advisor, key employee or any other capacity of the Company, as applicable, for so long as Indemnitee is duly elected or appointed or retained or until Indemnitee tenders his or her resignation or until Indemnitee is removed. The foregoing notwithstanding, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect after Indemnitee has ceased to serve as a director, officer, advisor, key employee or in any other capacity of the Company, as provided in Section 17. This Agreement, however, shall not impose any obligation on Indemnitee or the Company to continue Indemnitees service to the Company beyond any period otherwise required by law or by other agreements or commitments of the parties, if any.

2. DEFINITIONS. As used in this Agreement:

(a) References to agent shall mean any person who is or was a director, officer or employee of the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company or other person authorized by the Company to act for the Company, to include such person serving in such capacity as a director, officer, employee, fiduciary or other official of another company, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust or other enterprise at the request of, for the convenience of, or to represent the interests of the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company.

(b) The terms Beneficial Owner and Beneficial Ownership shall have the meanings set forth in Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act (as defined below) as in effect on the date hereof.

(c) Cayman Court shall mean the courts of the Cayman Islands.

(d) A Change in Control shall be deemed to occur upon the earliest to occur after the date of this Agreement of any of the following events:

(i) Acquisition of Shares by Third Party. Other than an affiliate of Titan Acquisition Sponsor Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor), any Person (as defined below) is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing fifteen percent (15%) or more of the combined voting power of the Companys then outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, unless (1) the change in the relative Beneficial Ownership of the Companys securities by any Person results solely from a reduction in the aggregate number of outstanding shares of securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, or (2) such acquisition was approved in advance by the Continuing Directors (as defined below) and such acquisition would not constitute a Change in Control under part (iii) of this definition;

2

(ii) Change in Board of Directors. Individuals who, as of the date hereof, constitute the Board, and any new director whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the Companys shareholders was approved by a vote of at least two thirds of the directors then still in office who were directors on the date hereof or whose election for nomination for election was previously so approved (collectively, the Continuing Directors), cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board;

(iii) Corporate Transactions. The effective date of a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination, involving the Company and one or more businesses (a Business Combination), in each case, unless, following such Business Combination: (1) all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the Beneficial Owners of securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 50% of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors resulting from such Business Combination (including, without limitation, a company which as a result of such transaction owns the Company or all or substantially all of the Companys assets either directly or through one or more Subsidiaries) in substantially the same proportions as their ownership immediately prior to such Business Combination, of the securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors; (2) other than an affiliate of the Sponsor, no Person (excluding any company resulting from such Business Combination) is the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of 15% or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors of the surviving company except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the Business Combination; and (3) at least a majority of the Board of Directors of the company resulting from such Business Combination were Continuing Directors at the time of the execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Board of Directors, providing for such Business Combination;

(iv) Liquidation. The approval by the shareholders of the Company of a complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement or series of agreements for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Companys assets, other than factoring the Companys current receivables or escrows due (or, if such approval is not required, the decision by the Board to proceed with such a liquidation, sale, or disposition in one transaction or a series of related transactions); or

3

(v) Other Events. There occurs any other event of a nature that would be required to be reported in response to Item 6(e) of Schedule 14A of Regulation 14A (or any successor rule) (or a response to any similar item on any similar schedule or form) promulgated under the Exchange Act (as defined below), whether or not the Company is then subject to such reporting requirement.

(e) Companies Law shall mean the Companies Act (Revised) of the Cayman Islands, as amended from time to time.

(f) Corporate Status describes the status of a person who is or was a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of the Company or of any other Enterprise (as defined below) which such person is or was serving at the request of the Company.

(g) Disinterested Director shall mean a director of the Company who is not and was not a party to the Proceeding (as defined below) in respect of which indemnification is sought by Indemnitee.

(h) Enterprise shall mean the Company and any other company, corporation, constituent company or corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its wholly owned Subsidiaries) is a party, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise of which Indemnitee is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, general partner, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent.

(i) Exchange Act shall mean the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

(j) Expenses shall include all direct and indirect costs, fees and expenses of any type or nature whatsoever, including, without limitation, all reasonable attorneys fees and costs, retainers, court costs, transcript costs, fees of experts, witness fees, travel expenses, fees of private investigators and professional advisors, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees, fax transmission charges, secretarial services and all other disbursements, obligations or expenses in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, being or preparing to be a witness in, settlement or appeal of, or otherwise participating in, a Proceeding (as defined below), including reasonable compensation for time spent by the Indemnitee for which he or she is not otherwise compensated by the Company or any third party. Expenses also shall include Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from any Proceeding (as defined below), including without limitation the principal, premium, security for, and other costs relating to any cost bond, supersedes bond, or other appeal bond or its equivalent. Expenses, however, shall not include amounts paid in settlement by Indemnitee or the amount of judgments or fines against Indemnitee.

4

(k) References to fines shall include any excise tax assessed on Indemnitee with respect to any employee benefit plan.

(l) References to serving at the request of the Company shall include any service as a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in the best interests of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan, Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best interests of the Company as referred to in this Agreement.

(m) Independent Counsel shall mean a law firm or a member of a law firm with significant experience in matters of corporation law and that neither presently is, nor in the past five years has been, retained to represent: (i) the Company or Indemnitee in any matter material to either such party (other than with respect to matters concerning Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar indemnification agreements); or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding (as defined below) giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Independent Counsel shall not include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitees rights under this Agreement.

(n) The term Person shall have the meaning as set forth in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act as in effect on the date hereof; provided, however, that Person shall exclude: (i) the Company; (ii) any Subsidiaries of the Company; (iii) any employment benefit plan of the Company or of a Subsidiary (as defined below) of the Company or of any corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of shares of the Company; and (iv) any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or of a Subsidiary (as defined below) of the Company or of a corporation owned directly or indirectly by the shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of shares of the Company.

(o) The term Proceeding shall include any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, arbitration, mediation, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, inquiry, administrative hearing or any other actual, threatened or completed proceeding, whether brought in the right of the Company or otherwise and whether of a civil (including intentional or unintentional tort claims), criminal, administrative or investigative or related nature, in which Indemnitee was, is, will or might be involved as a party or otherwise by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was a director or officer of the Company, by reason of any action (or failure to act) taken by him or her or of any action (or failure to act) on his or her part while acting as a director or officer of the Company, or by reason of the fact that he or she is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, general partner, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise, in each case whether or not serving in such capacity at the time any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification, reimbursement, or advancement of expenses can be provided under this Agreement.

5

(p) The term Subsidiary, with respect to any Person, shall mean any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust or other entity of which a majority of the voting power of the voting equity securities or equity interest is owned, directly or indirectly, by that Person.

3. INDEMNITY IN THIRD-PARTY PROCEEDINGS. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, the Company shall indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3 if Indemnitee was, is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise) in any Proceeding, other than a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status. Pursuant to this Section 3, Indemnitee shall be indemnified, held harmless and exonerated against all Expenses, judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually, and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on his or her behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company and, in the case of a criminal Proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful.

4. INDEMNITY IN PROCEEDINGS BY OR IN THE RIGHT OF THE COMPANY. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, the Company shall indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of this Section 4 if Indemnitee was, is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise) in any Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status. Pursuant to this Section 4, Indemnitee shall be indemnified, held harmless and exonerated against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her on his or her behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company. No indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration for Expenses shall be made under this Section 4 in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which Indemnitee shall have been finally adjudged by a court to be liable to the Company, unless and only to the extent that any court in which the Proceeding was brought or the Cayman Court shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification, to be held harmless or to exoneration.

6

5. INDEMNIFICATION FOR EXPENSES OF A PARTY WHO IS WHOLLY OR PARTLY SUCCESSFUL. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement except for Section 27, to the extent that Indemnitee was or is, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, a party to (or a participant in) and is successful, on the merits or otherwise, in any Proceeding or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, in whole or in part, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her in connection therewith. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding but is successful, on the merits or otherwise, as to one or more but less than all claims, issues or matters in such Proceeding, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her or on his or her behalf in connection with each successfully resolved claim, issue or matter. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding, the Company also shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee against all Expenses reasonably incurred in connection with a claim, issue or matter related to any claim, issue, or matter on which Indemnitee was successful. For purposes of this Section and without limitation, the termination of any claim, issue or matter in such a Proceeding by dismissal, with or without prejudice, shall be deemed to be a successful result as to such claim, issue or matter.

6. INDEMNIFICATION FOR EXPENSES OF A WITNESS. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement except for Section 27, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of his or her Corporate Status, a witness or deponent in any Proceeding to which Indemnitee was or is not a party or threatened to be made a party, he or she shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, be indemnified, held harmless and exonerated against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her or on his or her behalf in connection therewith.

7. ADDITIONAL INDEMNIFICATION, HOLD HARMLESS AND EXONERATION RIGHTS.

(a) Notwithstanding any limitation in Sections 3, 4, or 5, except for Section 27, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee if Indemnitee is a party to or threatened to be made a party to any Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor) against all Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the Proceeding. No indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration rights shall be available under this Section 7(a) on account of Indemnitees conduct which constitutes a breach of Indemnitees duty of loyalty to the Company or its shareholders or is an act or omission not in good faith or which involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of the law.

7

(b) Notwithstanding any limitation in Sections 3, 4, 5 or 7(a), except for Section 27, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee if Indemnitee is a party to or threatened to be made a party to any Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor) against all Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the Proceeding.

8. CONTRIBUTION IN THE EVENT OF JOINT LIABILITY.

(a) To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, if the indemnification, hold harmless and/or exoneration rights provided for in this Agreement are unavailable to Indemnitee in whole or in part for any reason whatsoever, the Company, in lieu of indemnifying, holding harmless or exonerating Indemnitee, shall pay, in the first instance, the entire amount incurred by Indemnitee, whether for judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and/or for Expenses, in connection with any Proceeding without requiring Indemnitee to contribute to such payment, and the Company hereby waives and relinquishes any right of contribution it may have at any time against Indemnitee.

(b) The Company shall not enter into any settlement of any Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding) unless such settlement provides for a full and final release of all claims asserted against Indemnitee.

(c) The Company hereby agrees to fully indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee from any claims for contribution which may be brought by officers, directors or employees of the Company other than Indemnitee who may be jointly liable with Indemnitee.

9. EXCLUSIONS. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement, the Company shall not be obligated under this Agreement to make any indemnification, advance expenses, hold harmless or exoneration payment in connection with any claim made against Indemnitee:

(a) for which payment has actually been received by or on behalf of Indemnitee under any insurance policy or other indemnity or advancement provision and which payment has not subsequently been returned, except with respect to any excess beyond the amount actually received under any insurance policy, contract, agreement, other indemnity or advancement provision or otherwise;

8

(b) for an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) by Indemnitee of securities of the Company within the meaning of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act (or any successor rule) or similar provisions of state statutory law or common law; or

(c) except as otherwise provided in Sections 14(f)-(g) hereof, prior to a Change in Control, in connection with any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee, including any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee against the Company or its directors, officers, employees or other indemnitees, unless (i) the Board authorized the Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) prior to its initiation or (ii) the Company provides the indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration payment, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the Company under applicable law.

10. ADVANCES OF EXPENSES; DEFENSE OF CLAIM.

(a) Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary except for Section 27, and to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law, the Company shall pay the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee (or reasonably expected by Indemnitee to be incurred by Indemnitee within three months) in connection with any Proceeding within ten (10) days after the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements requesting such advances from time to time, prior to the final disposition of any Proceeding. Advances shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, be unsecured and interest free. Advances shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, be made without regard to Indemnitees ability to repay the Expenses and without regard to Indemnitees ultimate entitlement to be indemnified, held harmless or exonerated under the other provisions of this Agreement. Advances shall include any and all reasonable Expenses incurred pursuing a Proceeding to enforce this right of advancement, including Expenses incurred preparing and forwarding statements to the Company to support the advances claimed. To the fullest extent required by applicable law, such payments of Expenses in advance of the final disposition of the Proceeding shall be made only upon the Companys receipt of an undertaking, by or on behalf of Indemnitee, to repay the advanced amounts to the extent that it is ultimately determined that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company under the provisions of this Agreement, the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, applicable law or otherwise. This Section 10(a) shall not apply to any claim made by Indemnitee for which an indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration payment is excluded pursuant to Section 9.

(b) The Company will be entitled to participate in the Proceeding at its own expense.

(c) The Company shall not settle any action, claim or Proceeding (in whole or in part) which would impose any Expense, judgment, fine, penalty or limitation on Indemnitee without Indemnitees prior written consent.

9

11. PROCEDURE FOR NOTIFICATION AND APPLICATION FOR INDEMNIFICATION.

(a) Indemnitee agrees to notify promptly the Company in writing upon being served with any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document relating to any Proceeding, claim, issue or matter therein which may be subject to indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration rights, or advancement of Expenses covered hereunder. The failure of Indemnitee to so notify the Company shall not relieve the Company of any obligation which it may have to Indemnitee under this Agreement, or otherwise.

(b) Indemnitee may deliver to the Company a written application to indemnify, hold harmless or exonerate Indemnitee in accordance with this Agreement. Such application(s) may be delivered from time to time and at such time(s) as Indemnitee deems appropriate in his or her sole discretion. Following such a written application for indemnification by Indemnitee, Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification shall be determined according to Section 12(a) of this Agreement.

12. PROCEDURE UPON APPLICATION FOR INDEMNIFICATION.

(a) A determination, if required by applicable law, with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification shall be made in the specific case by one of the following methods, which shall be at the election of Indemnitee: (i) by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum of the Board, (ii) by a committee of such directors designated by majority vote of such directors, (iii) if there are no Disinterested Directors or if such directors so direct, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee, or (iv) by vote of the shareholders. The Company promptly will advise Indemnitee in writing with respect to any determination that Indemnitee is or is not entitled to indemnification, including a description of any reason or basis for which indemnification has been denied. If it is so determined that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, payment to Indemnitee shall be made within ten (10) days after such determination. Indemnitee shall reasonably cooperate with the person, persons or entity making such determination with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification, including providing to such person, persons or entity upon reasonable advance request any documentation or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to such determination. Any costs or Expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements) incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating with the person, persons or entity making such determination shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination as to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification) and the Company hereby agrees to indemnify and to hold Indemnitee harmless therefrom.

10

(b) In the event the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 12(a) hereof, the Independent Counsel shall be selected as provided in this Section 12(b). The Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee (unless Indemnitee shall request that such selection be made by the Board), and Indemnitee shall give written notice to the Company advising it of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected and certifying that the Independent Counsel so selected meets the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement. If the Independent Counsel is selected by the Board, the Company shall give written notice to Indemnitee advising him or her of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected and certifying that the Independent Counsel so selected meets the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement. In either event, Indemnitee or the Company, as the case may be, may, within ten (10) days after such written notice of selection shall have been received, deliver to the Company or to Indemnitee, as the case may be, a written objection to such selection; provided, however, that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement, and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If such written objection is so made and substantiated, the Independent Counsel so selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or a court of competent jurisdiction has determined that such objection is without merit. If, within twenty (20) days after submission by Indemnitee of a written request for indemnification pursuant to Section 11(b) hereof, no Independent Counsel shall have been selected and not objected to, either the Company or Indemnitee may petition the Cayman Court for resolution of any objection which shall have been made by the Company or Indemnitee to the others selection of Independent Counsel and/or for the appointment as Independent Counsel of a person selected by the Cayman Court, and the person with respect to whom all objections are so resolved or the person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under Section (a) hereof. Upon the due commencement of any judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to Section 14(a) of this Agreement, Independent Counsel shall be discharged and relieved of any further responsibility in such capacity (subject to the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing).

(c) The Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees and expenses of Independent Counsel and to fully indemnify and hold harmless such Independent Counsel against any and all Expenses, claims, liabilities and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement pursuant hereto.

13. PRESUMPTIONS AND EFFECT OF CERTAIN PROCEEDINGS.

(a) In making a determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification hereunder, the person, persons or entity making such determination shall presume that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement if Indemnitee has submitted a request for indemnification in accordance with Section 11(b) of this Agreement, and the Company shall have the burden of proof to overcome that presumption in connection with the making by any person, persons or entity of any determination contrary to that presumption. Neither the failure of the Company (including by the Disinterested Directors or Independent Counsel) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of any action pursuant to this Agreement that indemnification is proper in the circumstances because Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct, nor an actual determination by the Company (including by the Disinterested Directors or Independent Counsel) that Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct.

11

(b) If the person, persons or entity empowered or selected under Section 12 of this Agreement to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification shall not have made a determination within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request therefor, the requisite determination of entitlement to indemnification shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee 12 shall be entitled to such indemnification, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a final judicial determination that any or all such indemnification is expressly prohibited under applicable law or the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company; provided, however, that such 30-day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional fifteen (15) days, if the person, persons or entity making the determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification in good faith requires such additional time for the obtaining or evaluating of documentation and/or information relating thereto.

(c) The termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue or matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect the right of Indemnitee to indemnification or create a presumption that Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a manner which he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful.

(d) For purposes of any determination of good faith, Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith if Indemnitees action is based on the records or books of account of the Enterprise, including financial statements, or on information supplied to Indemnitee by the directors, manager, or officers of the Enterprise in the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel for the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general partner, manager or managing member, or on information or records given or reports made to the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general partner, manager or managing member, by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert selected by the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general partner, manager or managing member. The provisions of this Section 13(d) shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to limit in any way the other circumstances in which Indemnitee may be deemed or found to have met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in this Agreement.

12

(e) The knowledge and/or actions, or failure to act, of any other director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, agent or employee of the Enterprise shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnification under this Agreement.

14. REMEDIES OF INDEMNITEE.

(a) In the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to Section 12 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, (ii) advancement of Expenses, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, is not timely made pursuant to Section 10 of this Agreement, (iii) no determination of entitlement to indemnification shall have been made pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request for indemnification, (iv) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Section 5, 6, 7 or the last sentence of Section 12(a) of this Agreement within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor, (v) a contribution payment is not made in a timely manner pursuant to Section 8 of this Agreement, (vi) payment of indemnification pursuant to Section 3 or 4 of this Agreement is not made within ten (10) days after a determination has been made that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, or (vii) payment to Indemnitee pursuant to any hold harmless or exoneration rights under this Agreement or otherwise is not made in accordance with this Agreement, Indemnitee shall be entitled to an adjudication by the Cayman Court to such indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration, contribution or advancement rights. Alternatively, Indemnitee, at his or her option, may seek an award in arbitration to be conducted by a single arbitrator pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. Except as set forth herein, the provisions of Cayman Islands law (without regard to its conflict of laws rules) shall apply to any such arbitration. The Company shall not oppose Indemnitees right to seek any such adjudication or award in arbitration.

(b) In the event that a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14 shall be conducted in all respects as a de novo trial, or arbitration, on the merits and Indemnitee shall not be prejudiced by reason of that adverse determination.

13

(c) In any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14, Indemnitee shall be presumed to be entitled to be indemnified, held harmless, exonerated to receive advancement of Expenses under this Agreement and the Company shall have the burden of proving Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified, held harmless, exonerated and to receive advancement of Expenses, as the case may be, and the Company may not refer to or introduce into evidence any determination pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement adverse to Indemnitee for any purpose. If Indemnitee commences a judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to this Section 14, Indemnitee shall not be required to reimburse the Company for any advances pursuant to Section 10 until a final determination is made with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification (as to which all rights of appeal have been exhausted or lapsed).

(d) If a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, the Company shall be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law.

(e) The Company shall be precluded from asserting in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14 that the procedures and presumptions of this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court or before any such arbitrator that the Company is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement.

(f) The Company shall indemnify and hold harmless Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company against all Expenses and, if requested by Indemnitee, shall (within ten (10) days after the Companys receipt of such written request) pay to Indemnitee, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, such Expenses which are incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any judicial proceeding or arbitration brought by Indemnitee: (i) to enforce his or her rights under, or to recover damages for breach of, this Agreement or any other indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration, advancement or contribution agreement or provision of the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association now or hereafter in effect; or (ii) for recovery or advances under any insurance policy maintained by any person for the benefit of Indemnitee, regardless of the outcome and whether Indemnitee ultimately is determined to be entitled to such indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration right, advancement, contribution or insurance recovery, as the case may be (unless such judicial proceeding or arbitration was not brought by Indemnitee in good faith).

(g) Interest shall be paid by the Company to Indemnitee at the legal rate under New York law for amounts which the Company indemnifies, holds harmless or exonerates, or advances, or is obliged to indemnify, hold harmless or exonerate or advance for the period commencing with the date on which Indemnitee requests indemnification, to be held harmless, exonerated, contribution, reimbursement or advancement of any Expenses and ending with the date on which such payment is made to Indemnitee by the Company.

14

15. SECURITY. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, except for Section 27, to the extent requested by Indemnitee and approved by the Board, the Company may at any time and from time to time provide security to Indemnitee for the Companys obligations hereunder through an irrevocable bank line of credit, funded trust or other collateral. Any such security, once provided to Indemnitee, may not be revoked or released without the prior written consent of Indemnitee.

16. NON-EXCLUSIVITY; SURVIVAL OF RIGHTS; INSURANCE; SUBROGATION.

(a) The rights of Indemnitee as provided by this Agreement shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled under applicable law, the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, any agreement, a vote of shareholders or a resolution of directors, or otherwise. No amendment, alteration or repeal of this Agreement or of any provision hereof shall limit or restrict any right of Indemnitee under this Agreement in respect of any Proceeding (regardless of when such Proceeding is first threatened, commenced or completed) or claim, issue or matter therein arising out of, or related to, any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee in his or her Corporate Status prior to such amendment, alteration or repeal. To the extent that a change in applicable law, whether by statute or judicial decision, permits greater indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration rights or advancement of Expenses than would be afforded currently under the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association or this Agreement, it is the intent of the parties hereto that Indemnitee shall enjoy by this Agreement the greater benefits so afforded by such change. No right or remedy herein conferred is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every other right and remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other right or remedy.

(b) The Companies Law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association permit the Company to purchase and maintain insurance or furnish similar protection or make other arrangements including, but not limited to, providing a trust fund, letter of credit, or surety bond (Indemnification Arrangements) on behalf of Indemnitee against any liability asserted against him or her or incurred by or on behalf of him or her or in such capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company, or arising out of his or her status as such, whether or not the Company would have the power to indemnify him or her against such liability under the provisions of this Agreement or under the Companies Law, as it may then be in effect. The purchase, establishment, and maintenance of any such Indemnification Arrangement shall not in any way limit or affect the rights and obligations of the Company or of Indemnitee under this Agreement except as expressly provided herein, and the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company and Indemnitee shall not in any way limit or affect the rights and obligations of the Company or the other party or parties thereto under any such Indemnification Arrangement.

15

(c) To the extent that the Company maintains an insurance policy or policies providing liability insurance for directors, officers, trustees, partners, managers, managing members, fiduciaries, employees, or agents of the Company or of any other Enterprise which such person serves at the request of the Company, Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any such director, officer, trustee, partner, managers, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent under such policy or policies. If, at the time the Company receives notice from any source of a Proceeding as to which Indemnitee is a party or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise), the Company has director and officer liability insurance in effect, the Company shall give prompt notice of such Proceeding to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the respective policies. The Company shall thereafter take all necessary or desirable action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of such Proceeding in accordance with the terms of such policies.

(d) In the event of any payment under this Agreement, the Company, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee, including with respect to any insurance. The Indemnitee shall execute all papers required and take all action necessary to secure such 16 rights, including execution of such documents as are necessary to enable the Company to bring suit to enforce such rights. No such payment by the Company shall be deemed to relieve any insurer of its obligations.

(e) The Companys obligation to indemnify, hold harmless, exonerate or advance Expenses hereunder to Indemnitee who is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise shall be reduced by any amount Indemnitee has actually received as indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration payments or advancement of expenses from such Enterprise. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary except for Section 27, (i) Indemnitee shall have no obligation to reduce, offset, allocate, pursue or apportion any indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration, advancement, contribution or insurance coverage among multiple parties possessing such duties to Indemnitee prior to the Companys satisfaction and performance of all its obligations under this Agreement, and (ii) the Company shall perform fully its obligations under this Agreement without regard to whether Indemnitee holds, may pursue or has pursued any indemnification, advancement, hold harmless, exoneration, contribution or insurance coverage rights against any person or entity other than the Company.

(f) Notwithstanding anything contained herein, the Company is the primary indemnitor, and any indemnification or advancement obligation of the Sponsor or its affiliates is secondary.

16

17. DURATION OF AGREEMENT. All agreements and obligations of the Company contained herein shall continue during the period Indemnitee serves as a director or officer of the Company or as a director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other Enterprise which Indemnitee serves at the request of the Company and shall continue thereafter so long as Indemnitee shall be subject to any possible Proceeding (including any rights of appeal thereto and any Proceeding commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 14 of this Agreement) by reason of his or her Corporate Status, whether or not he or she is acting in any such capacity at the time any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification or advancement can be provided under this Agreement.

18. SEVERABILITY. If any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever: (a) the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company; (b) such provision or provisions shall be deemed reformed to the extent necessary to conform to applicable law and to give the maximum effect to the intent of the parties hereto; and (c) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested thereby.

19. ENFORCEMENT AND BINDING EFFECT.

(a) The Company expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this Agreement and assumed the obligations imposed on it hereby in order to induce Indemnitee to serve as a director, officer or key employee of the Company, and the Company acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying upon this Agreement in serving as a director, officer or key employee of the Company.

(b) Without limiting any of the rights of Indemnitee under the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company as they may be amended from time to time, this Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, oral, written and implied, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof.

17

(c) The indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration and advancement of expenses rights provided by or granted pursuant to this Agreement shall be binding upon and be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company), shall continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company or a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise at the Companys request, and shall inure to the benefit of Indemnitee and his or her spouse, assigns, heirs, devisees, executors and administrators and other legal representatives.

(d) The Company shall require and cause any successor (whether direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all, substantially all or a substantial part, of the business and/or assets of the Company, by written agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Indemnitee, expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place.

(e) The Company and Indemnitee agree herein that a monetary remedy for breach of this Agreement, at some later date, may be inadequate, impracticable and difficult of proof, and further agree that such breach may cause Indemnitee irreparable harm. Accordingly, the parties hereto agree that Indemnitee may, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, enforce this Agreement by seeking, among other things, injunctive relief and/or specific performance hereof, without any necessity of showing actual damage or irreparable harm and that by seeking injunctive relief and/or specific performance, Indemnitee shall not be precluded from seeking or obtaining any other relief to which he or she may be entitled. The Company and Indemnitee further agree that Indemnitee shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, be entitled to such specific performance and injunctive relief, including temporary restraining orders, preliminary injunctions and permanent injunctions, without the necessity of posting bonds or other undertaking in connection therewith. The Company acknowledges that in the absence of a waiver, a bond or undertaking may be required of Indemnitee by a court of competent jurisdiction, Company hereby waives any such requirement of such a bond or undertaking to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company.

20. MODIFICATION AND WAIVER. No supplement, modification or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by the Company and Indemnitee. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions of this Agreement nor shall any waiver constitute a continuing waiver.

18

21. NOTICES. All notices, requests, demands and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given (i) if delivered by hand and receipted for by the party to whom said notice or other communication shall have been directed, or (ii) mailed by certified or registered mail with postage prepaid, on the third (3rd) business day after the date on which it is so mailed:

(a) If to Indemnitee, at the address indicated on the signature page of this Agreement, or such other address as Indemnitee shall provide in writing to the Company.

(b) If to the Company, to:

Titan Acquisition Corp.

131 Concord Street

Brooklyn, NY 11201

Attention: Chief Executive Officer

With a copy, which shall not constitute notice, to

Winston & Strawn LLP

800 Capitol St. STE 2400

Houston, TX 77002

Attn: Michael J. Blankenship

or to any other address as may have been furnished to Indemnitee in writing by the Company.

22. APPLICABLE LAW AND CONSENT TO JURISDICTION. This Agreement and the legal relations among the parties shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. Except with respect to any arbitration commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 14(a) of this Agreement, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, the Company and Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally: (a) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in the Cayman Court and not in any other state or federal court in the United States of America or any court in any other country; (b) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Cayman Court for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement; (c) waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such action or proceeding in the Cayman Court; and (d) waive, and agree not to plead or to make, any claim that any such action or proceeding brought in the Cayman Court has been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum, or is subject (in whole or in part) to a jury trial. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, the parties hereby agree that the mailing of process and other papers in connection with any such action or proceeding in the manner provided by Section 21 or in such other manner as may be permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, shall be valid and sufficient service thereof.

19

23. IDENTICAL COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. Only one such counterpart signed by the party against whom enforceability is sought needs to be produced to evidence the existence of this Agreement.

24. MISCELLANEOUS. Use of the masculine pronoun shall be deemed to include usage of the feminine pronoun where appropriate. The headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Agreement or to affect the construction thereof.

25. PERIOD OF LIMITATIONS. No legal action shall be brought and no cause of action shall be asserted by or in the right of the Company against Indemnitee, Indemnitees spouse, heirs, executors or personal or legal representatives after the expiration of two years from the date of accrual of such cause of action, and any claim or cause of action of the Company shall be extinguished and deemed released unless asserted by the timely filing of a legal action within such two-year period; provided, however, that if any shorter period of limitations is otherwise applicable to any such cause of action such shorter period shall govern.

26. ADDITIONAL ACTS. If for the validation of any of the provisions in this Agreement any act, resolution, approval or other procedure is required to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, the Company undertakes to cause such act, resolution, approval or other procedure to be affected or adopted in a manner that will enable the Company to fulfill its obligations under this Agreement.

27. WAIVER OF CLAIMS TO TRUST ACCOUNT. Indemnitee hereby agrees that he or she does not have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind (each, a Claim) in or to any monies in the trust account established in connection with the Companys initial public offering for the benefit of the Company and holders of shares issued in such offering, and hereby waives any Claim he or she may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to the Company and will not seek recourse against such trust account for any reason whatsoever.

28. MAINTENANCE OF INSURANCE. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain and maintain in effect during the entire period for which the Company is obligated to indemnify the Indemnitee under this Agreement, one or more policies of insurance with reputable insurance companies to provide the officers/directors of the Company with coverage for losses from wrongful acts and omissions and to ensure the Companys performance of its indemnification obligations under this Agreement. The Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any such director or officer under such policy or policies. In all such insurance policies, the Indemnitee shall be named as an insured in such a manner as to provide the Indemnitee with the same rights and benefits as are accorded to the most favorably insured of the Companys directors and officers.

20

29. INTERPRETATION

In this Agreement:

(a) words importing the singular number include the plural number and vice versa; words importing the masculine gender include the feminine gender; words importing persons include corporations as well as any other legal or natural person;

(b) written and in writing include all modes of representing or reproducing words in visible form, including in the form of an Electronic Record;

(c) shall shall be construed as imperative and may shall be construed as permissive;

(d) references to provisions of any law or regulation shall be construed as references to those provisions as amended, modified, re-enacted or replaced;

(e) any phrase introduced by the terms including, include, in particular or any similar expression shall be construed as illustrative and shall not limit the sense of the words preceding those terms;

(f) the term and/or is used herein to mean both and as well as or. The use of and/or in certain contexts in no respects qualifies or modifies the use of the terms and or or in others. The term or shall not be interpreted to be exclusive and the term and shall not be interpreted to require the conjunctive (in each case, unless the context otherwise requires);

(g) headings are inserted for reference only and shall be ignored in construing this Agreement;

(h) any requirements as to delivery under this Agreement include delivery in the form of an electronic record (as defined in the Electronic Transactions Act (Revised));

(i) any requirements as to execution or signature under this Agreement including the execution of this Agreement itself can be satisfied in the form of an electronic signature (as defined in the Electronic Transactions Act (Revised));

(j) sections 8 and 19(3) of the Electronic Transactions Act (Revised) shall not apply.

[Signature Page Follows]

21

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Indemnity Agreement to be signed as of the day and year first above written.

TITAN ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: /s/ Adeel Rouf 

Name: Adeel Rouf 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

INDEMNITEE 

/s/ Leslie Goldman Tepper 

Name: Leslie Goldman Tepper 

Address for notices: 131 Concord Street,

Brooklyn, NY 11201 

[Signature page to Indemnity Agreement]

22
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>titanacq_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Titan Acquisition Corp Announces Pricing of $240,000,000 Initial Public Offering

April 8, 2025

BROOKLYN,
New York (BUSINESS WIRE) Titan Acquisition Corp (Nasdaq: TACHU) (the Company) announced today the
pricing of its initial public offering of 24,000,000 units at $10.00 per unit. The units are expected to be listed on the Nasdaq
Global Market (Nasdaq) and trade under the ticker symbol TACHU beginning April 9, 2025. Each unit
consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant. Once the securities comprising the units begin
separate trading, the Class A ordinary shares and warrants are expected to be listed on Nasdaq under the symbols TACH
and TACHW, respectively. The underwriter has been granted a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional 3,600,000
units offered by the Company to cover over-allotments, if any. The offering is expected to close on April 10, 2025, subject to
customary closing conditions.

The Company is a blank check company incorporated as an exempted company under the laws of the Cayman Islands, which will seek to effect a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities.

Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. acted as the sole book-running manager of the offering. Odeon Capital Group LLC acted as co-manager of the offering.

Winston & Strawn LLP is serving as legal counsel to the Company. Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP is serving as legal counsel to Cantor Fitzgerald & Co.

A registration statement on Form S-1 (333 -285659) relating to these securities has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), and was declared effective on April 8, 2025. The offering is being made only by means of a prospectus. When available, copies of the prospectus may be obtained from: Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Attention: Capital Markets, 499 Park Avenue, 5th Floor New York, New York 10022; Email: prospectus@cantor.com., or from the SEC website at www.sec.gov.

This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ from the forward-looking statements. The Company expressly disclaims any obligations or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in the Companys expectations with respect thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any statement is based. No assurance can be given that the offering discussed above will be completed on the terms described, or at all. Forward-looking statements are subject to numerous conditions, many of which are beyond the control of the Company, including those set forth in the Risk Factors section of the Registration Statement and related preliminary prospectus filed in connection with the initial public offering with the SEC. Copies are available on the SECs website, www.sec.gov.

Contacts

Titan Acquisition Corp. 

Mr. Adeel Rouf

Chief Financial Officer, President and Director 

131 Concord Street

Brooklyn, NY 11201

Email: adeel@Titan-spac.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>titanacq_ex99-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.2

Titan Acquisition Corp Announces Closing of $276,000,000 Initial Public Offering

BROOKLYN, N.Y., April 10, 2025 Titan Acquisition Corp (Nasdaq: TACHU) (the Company) today announced that it closed its initial public offering of 27,600,000 units at $10.00 per unit, including the issuance of 3,600,000 units as result of the underwriters exercise of its over-allotment option in full. The gross proceeds from the offering were $276 million before deducting underwriting discounts and estimated offering expenses. The units began trading on the Nasdaq Global Market (Nasdaq) under the ticker symbol TACHU on April 9, 2025.

Each unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share of the Company at a price of $11.50 per share. Once the securities comprising the units begin separate trading, the Class A ordinary shares and warrants are expected to be listed on Nasdaq under the symbols TACH and TACHW, respectively.

The Company is a blank check company incorporated as an exempted company under the laws of the Cayman Islands, which will seek to effect a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities.

Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. acted as the sole book-running manager in the offering. Odeon Capital Group LLC acted as co-manager of the offering.

The offering was made only by means of a prospectus, copies of which may be obtained from Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Attn: Capital Markets, 499 Park Avenue, 5th Floor, New York, New York, 10022; Email: prospectus@cantor.com, or from the SEC website at www.sec.gov.

A registration statement relating to these securities was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on April 8, 2025.

This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ from the forward-looking statements. The Company expressly disclaims any obligations or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in the Companys expectations with respect thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any statement is based. No assurance can be given that the offering discussed above will be completed on the terms described, or at all. Forward-looking statements are subject to numerous conditions, many of which are beyond the control of the Company, including those set forth in the Risk Factors section of the Registration Statement and related preliminary prospectus filed in connection with the initial public offering with the SEC. Copies are available on the SECs website, www.sec.gov.

Contact:

Titan Acquisition Corp

Mr. Adeel Rouf

Chief Financial Officer, President and Director

131 Concord Street

Brooklyn, NY 11201

Email: adeel@Titan-spac.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>tach-20250408.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>tach-20250408_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>tach-20250408_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant 

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>tach-20250408_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 08, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 08, 2025

Entity File Number 001-42590

Entity Registrant Name Titan Acquisition Corp

Entity Central Index Key 0002009183

Entity Tax Identification Number 00-0000000

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code E9

Entity Address, Address Line One 131 Concord Street

Entity Address, City or Town Brooklyn

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 11201

City Area Code (347)

Local Phone Number 720-2907

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant 

Title of 12(b) Security Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant

Trading Symbol TACHU

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol TACH

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share

Trading Symbol TACHW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=TACH_UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShareAndOnehalfOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=TACH_ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=TACH_WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneClassOrdinaryShareAtExercisePriceMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
4 
23 
1 
false 
3 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://TACH/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

tach-20250408.xsd 
tach-20250408_def.xml 
tach-20250408_lab.xml 
tach-20250408_pre.xml 
titanacq_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>31
<FILENAME>0001829126-25-002583-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>32
<FILENAME>titanacq_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0002009183 

2025-04-08 
2025-04-08 

0002009183 

TACH:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShareAndOnehalfOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember 

2025-04-08 
2025-04-08 

0002009183 

TACH:ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2025-04-08 
2025-04-08 

0002009183 

TACH:WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneClassOrdinaryShareAtExercisePriceMember 

2025-04-08 
2025-04-08 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0002009183 
8-K 
2025-04-08 
Titan Acquisition Corp 
E9 
001-42590 
00-0000000 
131 Concord Street 
Brooklyn 
NY 
11201 
(347) 
720-2907 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant 
TACHU 
NASDAQ 
Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 
TACH 
NASDAQ 
Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 
TACHW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>