<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-007169.txt : 20250218
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-007169.hdr.sgml : 20250218
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250218154239
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-007169
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250213
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250218
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250218

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Digital Brands Group, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001668010
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-APPAREL & ACCESSORY STORES [5600]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				461942864
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40400
		FILM NUMBER:		25634593

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4700 S. BOYLE AVE
		CITY:			VERNON
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90058
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(720)937-9286

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4700 S. BOYLE AVE
		CITY:			VERNON
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90058

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Denim LA, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20160225
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000166801000016680102025-02-132025-02-13iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of

the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of report (Date of earliest event reported): February 13, 2025

DIGITAL
BRANDS GROUP, INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-40400 46-1942864

(State
or other jurisdiction

of
incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(I.R.S.
Employer

Identification
Number)

1400
Lavaca Street, Austin, TX78701

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(209)651-0172

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code)

N/A

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligations of the registrant under
any of the following provisions.

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

None N/A N/A

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Completion
of offering Common Stock and Pre-Funded Warrants

On
February 13, 2025, Digital Brands Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company) entered into securities purchase agreements
(the Purchase Agreements) with certain accredited investors named therein (the Purchasers), pursuant to which
the Company agreed to issue and sell, in a best efforts offering (the Offering) 11,365,340 units (the Units),
including (i) 125,535 units consisting of one share of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock) and
two warrants to purchase one share of Common Stock each (the Share Unit Warrants), at a purchase price per unit equal to
$0.66, and (ii) 11,239,805 units consisting of a pre-funded warrant to purchase one share of Common Stock (Pre-Funded Warrants),
immediately exercisable at an exercise price of $0.0001 per share, and two warrants to purchase one share of Common Stock each (the PFW
Unit Warrants, and collectively with the Share Unit Warrants, the Warrants), at a purchase price per unit equal to $0.6599.
The Warrants may be exercised for an aggregate of 22,730,680 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price equal to $0.66 per share, subject
to adjustment for stock splits and similar events. The Purchase Agreement contains customary representations and warranties and agreements
of the Company and the Purchasers and customary indemnification rights and obligations of the parties. The Offering closed on February
18, 2025.

The
Company offered Pre-Funded Warrants to those Purchasers whose purchase of Common Stock in the Offering would have resulted in the Purchaser,
together with its affiliates and certain related parties, beneficially owning more than 4.99% (or at the election of the Purchaser, 9.99%)
of our Common Stock immediately following the consummation of the Offering in lieu of the Common Stock that would otherwise result in
ownership in excess of 4.99% (or at the election of the purchaser, 9.99%) of the outstanding Common Stock of the Company. The Pre-Funded
Warrants may be exercised commencing on the issuance date and do not expire. The Pre-Funded Warrants are exercisable for cash; provided,
however that they may be exercised on a cashless exercise basis if, at the time of exercise, there is no effective registration statement
registering, or no current prospectus available for, the issuance or resale of the Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Pre-Funded
Warrants. The exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants will be subject to a beneficial ownership limitation, which will prohibit the exercise
thereof, if upon such exercise the holder of the Pre-Funded Warrants, its affiliates and any other persons or entities acting as a group
together with the holder or any of the holders affiliates would hold 4.99% (or, upon election of a Purchaser prior to the issuance
of any shares, 9.99%) of the number of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Common Stock issuable
upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrant held by the applicable holder, provided that the holder may increase or decrease the beneficial
ownership limitation (up to a maximum of 9.99%) upon 60 days advance notice to the Company, which 60 day period cannot be waived.

The
Warrants may be exercised commencing on the issuance date and expire one year from issuance. The Warrants are exercisable for cash at
an exercise price of $0.66 per share; provided, however that they may be exercised on a cashless exercise basis if, at the time of exercise,
there is no effective registration statement registering, or no current prospectus available for, the issuance or resale of the Common
Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants. The exercise of the Warrants will be subject to a beneficial ownership limitation, which
will prohibit the exercise thereof, if upon such exercise the holder of the Warrants, its affiliates and any other persons or entities
acting as a group together with the holder or any of the holders affiliates would hold 4.99% (or, upon election of a Purchaser
prior to the issuance of any shares, 9.99%) of the number of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance
of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants held by the applicable holder, provided that the holder may increase or decrease
the beneficial ownership limitation (up to a maximum of 9.99%) upon 60 days advance notice to the Company, which 60 day period cannot
be waived.

At
the closing of the Offering, the Company issued warrants to RBW Capital Partners LLC, acting through Dawson James Securities, Inc. (the
Placement Agent), for the purchase of 568,267 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of $0.759 per share (the Placement
Agent Warrants), which is equal to 115% of the
price per Unit.The Placement Agent Warrants are
exercisable at any time commencing six (6) months from the date of commencement of sales in the Offering and expiring five (5) years
from the commencement of sales in the Offering. During the aforementioned six (6) month period, the
Placement Agent Warrant may not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged, or hypothecated, or be the subject of any hedging, short sale,
derivative, put, or call transaction that would result in the effective economic disposition of the Placement Agent Warrant pursuant
to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1)(A).

The
Common Stock, Pre-Funded Warrants, Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants, Warrants, Common Stock issuable upon
exercise of the Warrants, Placement Agent Warrants, and Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Placement Agent Warrants were offered
pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-284508), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission)
on January 27, 2025, as amended, and was declared effective on February 11, 2025 (the Registration Statement).

The
Placement Agent acted as the exclusive placement agent for the Offering pursuant to a Placement Agency Agreement dated February 13, 2025
(the Placement Agency Agreement) by and between the Company and the Placement Agent. The Placement Agency Agreement contains
customary conditions to closing, representations and warranties of the Company, and termination rights of the parties, as well as certain
indemnification obligations of the Company and ongoing covenants for the Company.

The
Offering resulted in gross proceeds to the Company of approximately $7,500,000, before deducting placement agent fees and
commissions and other offering expenses, and excluding proceeds to the Company, if any, that may result from the future exercise of
the Pre-Funded Warrants or Warrants issued in the Offering. As compensation to the Placement Agent, as the exclusive placement agent
in connection with the Offering, the Company paid to the Placement Agent a cash fee of 8.0% of the aggregate gross proceeds raised
in the Offering (which amount shall not include any additional proceeds the Company may receive from the exercise of the
Warrants, or the Pre-Funded Warrants, issued in this Offering) and reimbursement of up to $150,000 for expenses of legal counsel
and other actual out-of-pocket expenses.

The
foregoing summaries of the Placement Agency Agreement, Pre-Funded Warrant, Warrants, Placement Agent Warrants, and Purchase Agreement
do not purport to be complete and are subject to, and qualified in their entirety by, such documents attached as Exhibits 1.1, 4.1, 4.2,
4.3, and 10.1, respectively, to this report on Form 8-K. The description of the terms of the Placement Agency Agreement, Pre-Funded Warrant,
Warrants, Placement Agent Warrants, and Purchase Agreement are qualified in their entirety by reference to such exhibits.

Item
9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits.

Exhibit
No. Description

1.1 Placement Agency Agreement by and between Digital Brands Group, Inc. and RBW Capital Partners LLC, acting through Dawson James Securities, Inc., dated February 13, 2025

4.1 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.34 of the Companys Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on January 27, 2025)

4.2 Form of Warrants (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.35 of the Companys Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on January 27, 2025)

4.3 Form of Placement Agent Warrant

10.1 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement by and between Digital Brands Group, Inc. and the Purchasers dated February 13, 2025

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

DIGITAL
BRANDS GROUP, INC.

Dated:
February 18, 2025 By: /s/
John Hilburn Davis IV

Name: John
Hilburn Davis IV

Title: President
and Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex1-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
1.1

Placement Agency Agreement

February
13, 2025

Digital
Brands Group, Inc.

1400
Lavaca Street

Austin,
TX 78701

Attention:
John Hilburn Davis IV, Chief Executive Officer

Ladies
and Gentlemen:

This
letter agreement (the Agreement) constitutes the agreement between RBW Capital Partners LLC acting through Dawson
James Securities, Inc. (the Placement Agent) and Digital Brands Group, Inc., a company incorporated under the laws
of Delaware (the Company), pursuant to which the Placement Agent shall serve as the exclusive placement agent for
the Company, on a reasonable best efforts basis, in connection with the proposed placement (the Placement)
of Common Stock of the Company, $0.0001 par value per share (Common Stock) and/or pre-funded warrants to purchase
Common Stock (Pre-Funded Warrants), and common stock purchase warrants to purchase Common Stock (the Warrants,
and together with the Common Stock and/or Pre-Funded Warrants, and the Common Stock underlying the Warrants and Pre-Funded Warrants are
collectively referred to herein as the Securities). The terms of the Placement shall be mutually agreed upon by
the Company and the purchasers (each, a Purchaser and collectively, the Purchasers) and nothing
herein provides or contemplates that the Placement Agent would have the power or authority to bind the Company or any Purchaser or obligates
the Company to issue any Securities or complete the Placement. This Agreement and the documents executed and delivered by the Company
and the Purchasers in connection with the Placement, including but not limited to the Purchase Agreement (as defined below), and the
form of the Warrants, shall be collectively referred to herein as the Transaction Documents. The date of the closing
of the Placement shall be referred to herein as the Closing Date. The Company expressly acknowledges and agrees
that the obligations of the Placement Agent hereunder are on a reasonable best efforts basis only and that the execution of this Agreement
does not constitute a commitment by the Placement Agent to purchase any Securities and does not ensure the successful placement of any
Securities or the success of the Placement Agent with respect to securing any other financing on behalf of the Company. Following the
prior written consent of the Company, the Placement Agent may retain other brokers or dealers to act as sub-agents or selected-dealers
on its behalf in connection with the Placement. The sale of the Securities to any Purchaser will be evidenced by a securities purchase
agreement (each a Purchase Agreement) between the Company and such Purchaser in a form mutually agreed upon by the
Company and the Placement Agent. Capitalized terms that are not otherwise defined herein have the meanings given to such terms in the
Purchase Agreement. Prior to the signing of any Purchase Agreement, executive officers of the Company will be available upon reasonable
notice and during normal business hours to answer inquiries from prospective Purchasers.

SECTION
1. REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY. Each of the representations and warranties (together with any related
disclosure schedules thereto) and covenants made by the Company to the Purchasers in the Purchase Agreement in connection with the Placement
is hereby incorporated herein by reference into this Agreement (as though fully restated herein) and is, as of the date of this Agreement
and as of the Closing Date, hereby made to, and in favor of, the Placement Agent.

A.
Representations and Warranties and the Company. In addition to the foregoing, the Company represents and warrants to the Placement Agent
as follows:

1.
The Company has prepared and filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) a registration
statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333--284508), and amendments thereto, for the registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the Securities Act), of the Securities, which registration statement, as so amended (including post-effective
amendments, if any) became effective on February 11, 2025. Such registration statement as amended, including the exhibits thereto,
as of the date of this Agreement, is hereinafter called the Registration Statement. Any reference in this Agreement
to the Registration Statement shall each be deemed to refer to and include the documents incorporated by reference therein (the Incorporated
Documents) on or before the date of this Agreement; and any reference in this Agreement to the terms amend,
amendment or supplement with respect to the Registration Statement shall be deemed to refer to and include
the filing of any document under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), after the date
of this Agreement, deemed to be incorporated therein by reference. All references in this Agreement to financial statements and schedules
and other information which is contained, included, described, referenced, set
forth or stated in the Registration Statement (and all other references of like import) shall be deemed to mean
and include all such financial statements and schedules and other information which is or is deemed to be incorporated by reference in
the Registration Statement. No stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued, and no proceeding
for any such purpose is pending or has been initiated or, to the Companys knowledge, is threatened by the Commission. For purposes
of this Agreement, the Time of Sale Prospectus means the preliminary prospectus, if any, together with the free
writing prospectuses, if any, used in connection with the Placement, including any documents incorporated by reference therein.

2.
The Registration Statement (and any further documents to be filed with the Commission) contains all exhibits and schedules as required
by the Securities Act. Each of the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, at the time it became effective,
complied in all material respects with the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated
thereunder (the Rules and Regulations) and did not and, as amended or supplemented, if applicable, will not, contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein not misleading. The Incorporated Documents, when they were filed with the Commission, conformed in all material respects to the
requirements of the Exchange Act and the applicable Rules and Regulations, and none of such documents, when they were filed with the
Commission, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein
(with respect to Incorporated Documents incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement), in the light of the circumstances under
which they were made not misleading; and any further documents so filed and incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement,
when such documents are filed with the Commission, will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Exchange Act and
the applicable Rules and Regulations, as applicable, and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
No post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement reflecting any facts or events arising after the date thereof which represent,
individually or in the aggregate, a fundamental change in the information set forth therein is required to be filed with the Commission.
There are no documents required to be filed with the Commission in connection with the transaction contemplated hereby that (x) have
not been filed as required pursuant to the Securities Act or (y) will not be filed within the requisite time period. There are no contracts
or other documents required to be described in the Registration Statement and Time of Sale Prospectus or to be filed as exhibits or schedules
to the Registration Statement, which (x) have not been described or filed as required or (y) will not be filed within the requisite time
period.

3.
Neither the Company nor any of its directors and officers has distributed, and none of them will distribute, prior to the Closing Date,
any offering material in connection with the offering and sale of the Securities other than the Time of Sale Prospectus.

4.
The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
the Registration Statement and the Time of Sale Prospectus and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution
and delivery of each of this Agreement by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby
have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further action is required by the Company, the Companys
Board of Directors (the Board of Directors) or the Companys shareholders in connection therewith other than
in connection with the Required Approvals (as defined in the Purchase Agreements). This Agreement has been duly authorized and executed
by the Company and, when duly executed by the Placement Agent and delivered in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the
legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited
by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application
affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance,
injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable
law.

5.
The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated pursuant to the Registration
Statement and the Time of Sale Prospectus, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby to which it is a party do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the certificate or articles
of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents of the Company or any of its subsidiaries; (ii) conflict with,
or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation
of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment,
acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument
(evidencing a Company or subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any subsidiary is a party or by
which any property or asset of the Company or any subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict
with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or
governmental authority to which the Company or a subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations),
or by which any property or asset of the Company or a subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and
(iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the Purchase Agreements).

6.
Any certificate signed by an officer of the Company and delivered to the Placement Agent or to counsel for the Placement Agent shall
be deemed to be a representation and warranty by the Company to the Placement Agent as to the matters set forth therein.

7.
The Company acknowledges that the Placement Agent will rely upon the accuracy and truthfulness of the foregoing representations and warranties
and hereby consents to such reliance.

8.
No forward-looking statements (within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act) contained
in the Registration Statement or the Time of Sale Prospectus has been made or reaffirmed without a reasonable basis or has been disclosed
other than in good faith.

9.
Any statistical, industry-related and market-related data included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement or Time
of Sale Prospectus, are based on or derived from sources that the Company reasonably and in good faith believes to be reliable and accurate,
and such data agree with the sources from which they are derived.

10.
Except as set forth in the Registration Statement and the Time of Sale Prospectus, no brokerage or finders fees or commissions
are or will be payable by the Company, any subsidiary or affiliate of the Company to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder,
placement agent, investment banker, bank or other person with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreements. There
are no other arrangements, agreements or understandings of the Company or, to the Companys knowledge, any of its shareholders
that may affect the Placement Agents compensation, as determined by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA).
Other than payments to the Placement Agent for this Placement, the Company has not made and has no agreements, arrangements or understanding
to make any direct or indirect payments (in cash, securities or otherwise) to: (i) any person, as a finders fee, consulting fee
or otherwise, in consideration of such person raising capital for the Company or introducing to the Company persons who raised or provided
capital to the Company; (ii) any FINRA member participating in the offering as defined in FINRA Rule 5110 (a Participating
Member); or (iii) any person or entity that has any direct or indirect affiliation or association with any Participating Member,
within the 180-day period preceding the initial filing of the Registration Statement through the 60-day period after the effective date
of the Registration Statement. None of the net proceeds of the Placement will be paid by the Company to any Participating Member or its
affiliates, except as specifically authorized herein. To the Companys knowledge, no officer, director or any beneficial owner
of 10% or more of the Companys Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents has any direct or indirect affiliation or association
with any Participating Member in the Placement. Except for securities purchased on the open market, no Company affiliate is an owner
of stock or other securities of any Participating Member. No affiliate of the Company has made a loan to any Participating Member. Other
than payments to the Placement Agent for this Placement, no proceeds from the sale of the Securities (excluding placement agent compensation
as disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Time of Sale Prospectus) will be paid to any Participating Member, any persons associated
with a Participating Member or an affiliate of a Participating Member. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement or the Time
of Sale Prospectus, the Company has not issued any warrants or other securities or granted any options, directly or indirectly, to the
Placement Agent within the 180-day period prior to the initial filing date of the Registration Statement. Except for securities issued
to the Placement Agent as disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Time of Sale Prospectus, no person to whom securities of the
Company have been privately issued within the 180-day period prior to the initial filing date of the Registration Statement with the
Commission is a Participating Member, is a person associated with a Participating Member or is an affiliate of a Participating Member.
No Participating Member in the Placement has a conflict of interest with the Company. For this purpose, a conflict of interest
exists when a Participating Member, the parent or affiliate of a Participating Member or any person associated with a Participating Member
in the aggregate beneficially own 5% or more of the Companys outstanding subordinated debt or common equity, or 5% or more of
the Companys preferred equity. FINRA member participating in the Placement includes any associated person of a Participating
Member in the Placement, any member of such associated persons immediate family and any affiliate of a Participating Member in
the Placement. When used in this Section 1.A.10 the term affiliate of a FINRA member or affiliated with
a FINRA member means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a FINRA member. The Company will
advise the Placement Agent and its counsel if it learns that any officer, director or owner of 10% or more of the Companys outstanding
Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents is or becomes an affiliate or associated person of a Participating Member.

11.
The Board of Directors is comprised of the persons designated with the title of Director under the heading of the Registration
Statement captioned Signatures. The qualifications of the persons serving as board members and the overall composition
of the Board of Directors comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules promulgated thereunder applicable to the Company and
the rules of the Trading Market (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) (the Trading Market). In addition, at least
a majority of the persons serving on the Board of Directors qualify as independent as defined under the rules of the Trading
Market.

12.
To the Companys knowledge, all information contained in the questionnaires most recently completed by each of the Companys
directors and officers is true and correct in all respects and the Company has not become aware of any information which would cause
the information disclosed in such questionnaires become inaccurate and incorrect.

B.
Covenants of the Company.

1.
The Company has delivered, or will as promptly as practicable deliver, to the Placement Agent materially complete conformed copies of
the Registration Statement and of each consent and certificate of experts, as applicable, filed as a part thereof, and conformed copies
of the Registration Statement (without exhibits), the Time of Sale Prospectus, as amended or supplemented, in such quantities and at
such places as the Placement Agent reasonably requests. Neither the Company nor any of its directors and officers has distributed and
none of them will distribute, prior to each Closing Date, any offering material in connection with the offering and sale of the Securities
pursuant to the Placement other than the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Prospectus, copies of the documents incorporated by
reference therein and any other materials permitted by the Securities Act.

2.
The Purchase Agreements as in effect on the date hereof may not be amended or waived without the prior written consent of the Placement
Agent.

3.
The Company covenants that it will not, unless it obtains the prior written consent of the Placement Agent, make any offer relating to
the Securities that would constitute a Company Free Writing Prospectus or that would otherwise constitute a free writing prospectus
(as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act) required to be filed by the Company with the Commission or retained by the Company under
Rule 433 of the Securities Act. In the event that the Placement Agent expressly consents in writing to any such free writing prospectus
(a Permitted Free Writing Prospectus), the Company covenants that it shall (i) treat each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus
as an Company Free Writing Prospectus, and (ii) comply with the requirements of Rule 164 and 433 of the Securities Act applicable to
such Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, including in respect of timely filing with the Commission, legending and record keeping.

4.
The Company will maintain, at its expense, a registrar and transfer agent for its Common Stock.

SECTION
2. REPRESENTATIONS OF THE PLACEMENT AGENT. The Placement Agent represents and warrants that it (i) is a member in good standing of
FINRA, (ii) is registered as a broker/dealer under the Exchange Act, (iii) is licensed as a broker/dealer under the law of the States
applicable to the offers and sales of the Securities by such Placement Agent, (iv) is and will be a company entity validly existing under
the law of its place of organization, and (v) has full power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement.
The Placement Agent covenants that it will use its reasonable best efforts to conduct the Placement hereunder in compliance with the
provisions of this Agreement and the requirements of applicable law.

SECTION
3. COMPENSATION AND EXPENSES. In consideration of the services to be provided by the Placement Agent hereunder, the Company
shall pay to the Placement Agent the following compensation with respect to the Securities which they are placing:

A.
A cash fee equal to an aggregate of eight percent (8.0%) of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the Placement, which amount shall
not include any additional proceeds the Company may receive from the exercise of the Warrants, or the Pre-Funded Warrants, issued in
the Placement, and which amount shall in no event exceed $640,000 (the Cash Fee). The Cash Fee shall be paid
at the Closing of the Placement.

B.
The Company shall issue to the Placement Agent or its designees on the Closing Date, warrants (the Placement Agent Warrants)
to purchase a number of shares of Common Stock of the Company equal to five-point percent (5.0%) of the aggregate number of shares of
Common Stock (or common stock equivalent, if applicable) placed in the Offering (including the greenshoe or additional
investment component if the overallotment is exercised). The Placement Agent Warrants shall be in a customary form reasonably
acceptable to Placement Agent, have a term of five (5) years and an exercise price equal to 115% of the offering price per share (or
unit, if applicable) in the Offering (such price, the Offering Price). The Placement Agent Warrants shall contain
customary terms, including, without limitation, provisions for corporate adjustments (stock splits, combinations and the like), and cashless
exercise. For avoidance of doubt, in all cases, any purchases by officers or directors of the Company shall be excluded from compensation
and from the gross proceeds calculation for purposes of determining the commission amounts and Warrants due to Placement Agent.

C.
The Company shall reimburse Placement Agent promptly upon request for all accountable expenses relating to the Placement, including,
without limitation, (a) all filing fees and expenses relating to the registration of the securities with the Commission; (b) all fees
and expenses relating to the listing of the securities on a national exchange, if applicable; (c) all filing fees and communication expenses
associated with the review of the Placement by FINRA (d) all fees, expenses and disbursements relating to the registration or qualification
of the securities under the blue sky securities laws of such states and other jurisdictions as Placement Agent may reasonably
designate (including, without limitation, all filing and registration fees, and the reasonable fees and disbursements of the Companys
blue sky counsel, which will be the Placement Agents counsel) unless such filings are not required in connection
with the Companys proposed listing on a national exchange, if applicable; (e) all fees, expenses and disbursements relating to
the registration, qualification or exemption of the securities under the securities laws of such foreign jurisdictions as the Placement
Agents may reasonably designate; (f) the costs of all mailing and printing of the Placement documents; and (g) the fees and expenses
of the Companys accountants; (h) a maximum of $150,000 for fees and expenses including road show, diligence, and
reasonable legal fees and disbursements for counsel to the Placement Agent.

D.
The Company, on behalf of itself and any successor entity, agrees that, without the prior written consent of the Placement Agent, it
will not, for a period of 30 days after the date of this Agreement (the Lock-Up Period), (i) offer, pledge, sell,
contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant
to purchase, lend, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any shares of capital stock of the Company or any securities
in a Variable Rate Transaction (as defined in the Purchase Agreements); (ii) file or caused to be filed any registration statement with
the Commission relating to the offering of any shares of capital stock of the Company or any securities convertible into or exercisable
or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of the Company, except with respect to the resale of the Common Stock underlying that certain
common stock purchase warrant for the purchase of up to 2,068,965 shares of Common Stock issued by the Company on or around January 21,
2025; or (iii) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences
of ownership of capital stock of the Company, whether any such transaction described in clause (i), (ii), or (iii) above is to be settled
by delivery of shares of capital stock of the Company or such other securities, in cash or otherwise.

E.
The Placement Agent reserves the right to reduce any item of its compensation or adjust the terms thereof as specified herein in the
event at a determination shall be made by FINRA to the effect that such Placement Agents aggregate compensation hereunder is in
excess of the rules of FINRA or that the terms thereof require adjustment.

SECTION
4. INDEMNIFICATION. The Company agrees to the indemnification and other agreements set forth in the Indemnification Provisions (the
Indemnification) attached hereto as Exhibit A, the provisions of which are incorporated herein by reference and
shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement.

SECTION
5. ENGAGEMENT TERM. The term of the Placement Agents engagement hereunder shall be through April 22, 2025 (such date,
the Termination Date and the period of time during which this Agreement remains in effect is referred to herein
as the Term). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the provisions concerning the Companys
obligation to pay any fees actually earned pursuant to Section 3 hereof, expense reimbursement pursuant to Section 3 hereof, confidentiality,
indemnification and contribution contained herein and the Companys obligations contained in the Indemnification Provisions will
survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement. If this Agreement is terminated prior to the completion of the Placement, all
fees and expense reimbursement due to the Placement Agent shall be paid by the Company to the Placement Agent on or before the Termination
Date (in the event such fees are earned or owed as of the Termination Date). Notwithstanding the forgoing, if this Agreement is
terminated for cause, no fee shall be payable by the Company under this Section 5 and the Company shall have no obligation under this
Section 5, as provided in FINRA Rule 5110(g)(5)(B).

SECTION
6. PLACEMENT AGENT INFORMATION. The Company agrees that any information or advice rendered by the Placement Agent in connection with
this engagement is for the confidential use of the Company only in their evaluation of the Placement and, except as otherwise required
by law, the Company will not disclose or otherwise refer to the advice or information in any manner without such Placement Agents
prior written consent.

SECTION
7. NO FIDUCIARY RELATIONSHIP. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Placement Agent is not, nor shall the Placement Agent
be construed as, a fiduciary of the Company, and the Placement Agent shall not have any duties or liabilities to the equity holders or
the creditors of the Company or any other person by virtue of this Agreement or the retention of the Placement Agent hereunder, all of
which are hereby expressly waived.

SECTION
8. CLOSING. The obligations of the Placement Agent, and the closing of the sale of the Securities hereunder are subject to the accuracy,
when made and on the Closing Date, of the representations and warranties on the part of the Company contained herein and in the Purchase
Agreement, to the accuracy of the statements of the Company made in any certificates pursuant to the provisions hereof, to the performance
by the Company of their obligations hereunder, and to each of the following additional terms and conditions, except as otherwise disclosed
to and acknowledged and waived by the Placement Agent by the Company:

A.
No stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall have been issued and no proceedings for that purpose shall
have been initiated or threatened by the Commission, and any request for additional information on the part of the Commission (to be
included in the Registration Statement or otherwise) shall have been complied with to the reasonable satisfaction of the Placement Agent.
Any filings required to be made by the Company in connection with the Placement shall have been timely filed with the Commission.

B.
The Placement Agent shall not have discovered and disclosed to the Company on or prior to the Closing Date that the Registration Statement
or any amendment or supplement thereto contains an untrue statement of a fact which, in the reasonable opinion of counsel for the Placement
Agent, is material or omits to state any fact which, in the reasonable opinion of such counsel, is material and is required to be stated
therein or is necessary to make the statements therein not misleading and was not remedied prior to the Closing Date by the filing of
an amendment to the Registration Statement.

C.
All corporate proceedings and other legal matters incident to the authorization, form, execution, delivery and validity of each of this
Agreement, the Securities, the Registration Statement and all other legal matters relating to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby shall be reasonably satisfactory in all material respects to counsel for the Placement Agent, and the Company shall have furnished
to such counsel all documents and information that they may reasonably request to enable them to pass upon such matters.

D.
The Placement Agent shall have received from Anthony, Linder, & Cacomanolis, PLLC, counsel to the Company, written opinion and negative
assurance letter with respect to the Securities, addressed to the Placement Agent and dated as of the Closing Date, in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Placement Agent.

E.
The Placement Agent shall have completed its due diligence investigation of the Company to the satisfaction of the Placement Agent and
its counsel.

F.
On the Closing Date, the Placement Agent shall have received a certificate of the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, dated, as applicable,
as of the date of such Closing, to the effect that, as of the date of this Agreement and as of the applicable date, the representations
and warranties of the Company contained herein and in the Purchase Agreement were and are accurate in all material respects, except for
such changes as are contemplated by this Agreement and except as to representations and warranties that were expressly limited to a state
of facts existing at a time prior to the applicable Closing Date and as set forth on any related disclosure schedules thereto, and that,
as of the applicable date, the obligations to be performed by the Company hereunder on or prior thereto have been fully performed in
all material respects. Such officer shall also provide a customary assurances as to such accounting or financial matters that are included
or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement dated as of the date Closing Date, in form and substance satisfactory to the
Placement Agent.

G.
On the Closing Date, the Placement Agent shall have received a certificate of the Secretary of the Company, dated the Closing Date, certifying
to the organizational documents, good standing in the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Company and board resolutions relating to
the Placement of the Securities from the Company.

H.
Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries (i) shall have sustained since the date of the latest audited financial statements included
or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement any loss or interference with its business from fire, explosion, flood, terrorist
act or other calamity, whether or not covered by insurance, or from any labor dispute or court or governmental action, order or decree,
otherwise than as set forth in or contemplated by the Registration Statement, or (ii) since such date there shall not have been any change
in the capital stock or long-term debt of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any material change, or any development involving
a prospective material change, in or affecting the business, general affairs, management, financial position, shareholders equity,
or results of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries, otherwise than as set forth in or contemplated by the Registration Statement,
and (iii) since such date there shall not have been any new or renewed inquiries by the Commission, FINRA or any other regulatory body
regarding the Company, the effect of which, in any such case described in clause (i), (ii) or (iii), is, in the judgment of the Placement
Agent, so material and adverse as to make it impracticable or inadvisable to proceed with the sale or delivery of the Securities on the
terms and in the manner contemplated by the Registration Statement and the Time of Sale Prospectus.

I.
The Common Stock shall be registered under the Exchange Act and, as the Closing Date, the Common Stock, the Common Stock underlying the
Warrants, and the Common Stock underlying the Pre-Funded Warrants shall be listed and admitted and authorized for trading on a
Trading Market. The Company shall have taken no action designed to, or likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration
of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act or delisting or suspending from trading from the Trading Market, nor, except as disclosed
in the Registration Statement and the Time of Sale Prospectus, shall the Company have received any information suggesting that the Commission
or the Trading Market is contemplating terminating such registration or listing.

J.
No action shall have been taken and no statute, rule, regulation or order shall have been enacted, adopted or issued by any governmental
agency or body which would, as of the Closing Date, prevent the issuance or sale of the Securities or materially and adversely affect
or potentially and adversely affect the business or operations of the Company; and no injunction, restraining order or order of any other
nature by any federal or state court of competent jurisdiction shall have been issued as of the Closing Date which would prevent the
issuance or sale of the Securities or materially and adversely affect or potentially and adversely affect the business or operations
of the Company.

K.
The Company shall have prepared and filed with the Commission a Current Report on Form 8-K with respect to the Placement, including this
Agreement as an exhibit thereto.

L.
The Company shall have entered into a Purchase Agreement with each of the Purchasers and such agreements shall be in full force and effect
and shall contain representations, warranties and covenants of the Company as agreed between the Company and the Purchasers.

M.
On or before the date of this Agreement, the Placement Agent shall have received clearance from FINRA as to the amount of compensation
allowable or payable to the Placement hereunder.

N.
Prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall have furnished to the Placement Agent such further information, certificates and documents
as the Placement Agent may reasonably request.

If
any of the conditions specified in this Section 8 shall not have been fulfilled when and as required by this Agreement, or
if any of the certificates, opinions, written statements or letters furnished to the Placement Agent or to the Placement Agents
counsel pursuant to this Section 8 shall not be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Placement Agent and
to the Placement Agents counsel, all obligations of the Placement Agent hereunder may be terminated by the Placement Agent at,
or at any time prior to, the consummation of the Closing. Notice of such termination shall be given to the Company in writing or orally.
Any such oral notice shall be confirmed promptly thereafter in writing.

SECTION
9. GOVERNING LAW / VENUE. This Agreement will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New York
applicable to agreements made and to be performed entirely in such State. This Agreement may not be assigned by either party without
the prior written consent of the other party. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto, and
their respective successors and permitted assigns. Any dispute arising under this Agreement may be brought in FINRA arbitration in New
York, NY. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit,
action or proceeding by delivering a copy thereof via overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in
effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and
notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law.
If either party shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of a Transaction Document, then the prevailing party
in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred
with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

SECTION
10. WAIVER OF TRIAL BY JURY. Each of the parties waives any right to trial by jury with respect to any dispute arising
under or relating to this Agreement or any transaction or conduct in connection herewith.

SECTION
11. ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement (including the attached Indemnification Provisions) embodies the entire agreement and understanding
between the parties hereto, and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, relating to the subject matter hereof.

SECTION
12. ENFORCEABILITY. If any provision of this Agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable in any respect, such determination
will not affect such provision in any other respect or any other provision of this Agreement, which will remain in full force and effect.
This Agreement may not be amended or otherwise modified or waived except by an instrument in writing signed by both Placement Agent and
the Company.

SECTION
13. SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS. The representations, warranties, agreements and covenants contained herein
shall survive the closing of the Placement and delivery of the Securities.

SECTION
14. THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARIES. This Agreement does not create and shall not be construed as creating rights enforceable by any person
or entity not a party hereto, except those entitled hereto by virtue of the Indemnification Provisions hereof.

SECTION
15. EXECUTION IN COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall
be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to
the other party, it being understood that both parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered
by facsimile transmission or a .pdf format file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or
on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or .pdf signature page were an original
thereof.

SECTION
16. HEADINGS. The headings of the sections of this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and in no way define, limit or
affect the scope or substance of any section of this Agreement.

SECTION
17. CONFIDENTIALITY. The Placement Agent (i) will keep the Confidential Information (as such term is defined below) confidential
and will not (except as required by applicable law or stock exchange requirement, regulation or legal process (Legal Requirement),
without the Companys prior written consent, disclose to any person any Confidential Information, and (ii) will not use any Confidential
Information other than in connection with the Placement. The Placement Agent further agrees to disclose the Confidential Information
only to its Representatives (as such term is defined below) who need to know the Confidential Information for the purpose of the Placement,
and who are informed by such Placement Agent of the confidential nature of the Confidential Information. The term Confidential
Information shall mean, all confidential, proprietary and non-public information (whether written, oral or electronic communications)
furnished by the Company to a Placement Agent or its Representatives in connection with such Placement Agents evaluation of the
Placement. The term Confidential Information will not, however, include information which (i) is or becomes publicly available
other than as a result of a disclosure by a Placement Agent or its Representatives in violation of this Agreement, (ii) is or becomes
available to a Placement Agent or any of its Representatives on a non-confidential basis from a third-party, (iii) is known to a Placement
Agent or any of its Representatives prior to disclosure by the Company or any of its Representatives, or (iv) is or has been independently
developed by a Placement Agent and/or the Representatives without use of any Confidential Information furnished to it by the Company.
The term Representatives shall mean with respect to the Placement Agent, such Placement Agents directors, board
committees, officers, employees, financial advisors, attorneys and accountants. This provision shall be in full force until the earlier
of (a) the date that the Confidential Information ceases to be confidential and (b) two years from the date hereof. Notwithstanding any
of the foregoing, in the event that the Placement Agent or any of its Representatives are required by Legal Requirement to disclose any
of the Confidential Information, such Placement Agent and its Representatives will furnish only that portion of the Confidential Information
which such Placement Agent or its Representative, as applicable, is required to disclose by Legal Requirement as advised by counsel,
and will use reasonable efforts to obtain reliable assurance that confidential treatment will be accorded the Confidential Information
so disclosed.

SECTION
18. NOTICES. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in
writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (a) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is sent
to the email address specified on the signature pages attached hereto prior to 6:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a business day, (b)
the next business day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is sent to the email address on the signature pages
hereto on a day that is not a business day or later than 6:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any business day, (c) the third business day
following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. internationally recognized air courier service, or (d) upon actual receipt by the party
to whom such notice is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages
hereto.

SECTION
19. Press AnnouncementS. The Company agrees that the Placement Agent shall, from and
after the Closing, have the right to reference the Placement and the Placement Agents role in connection therewith in the Placement
Agents marketing materials and on its website and to place advertisements in financial and other newspapers and journals, in each
case at its own expense.

[Signature
page follows]

Please
confirm that the foregoing correctly sets forth our agreement by signing and returning to the Placement Agent the enclosed copy of this
Agreement.

Very
truly yours,

RBW
CAPITAL PARTNERS LLC 

By: 

Name: Philip
Gaucher 

Title: Managing
Partner 

Address
for notice:

RBW
Capital Partners LLC

1511
Ponce De Leon, Unit 1092

San
Juan, PR 00909

Attention:
Philip Gaucher

Managing
Partner

Email:
pgaucher@rbwcap.com

DAWSON
JAMES SECURITIES, INC. 

By: 

Name: Robert
D. Keyser, Jr. 

Title: Chief
Executive Officer 

Address
for notice:

Dawson
James, Inc,

101
North Federal Highway, Suite 600, Boca Raton, FL 33432

Attention:
Robert D. Keyser, Jr.

Chief
Executive Officer

Email:
rkeyser@dawsonjames.com

[Signature
Page to the Placement Agency Agreement]

Accepted
and Agreed to as of the date first written above:

Digital
Brands Group Inc. 

By: 

Name: John
Hilburn Davis IV 

Title: Chief
Executive Officer 

Address
for notice:

1400
Lavaca Street 

Austin,
TX 78701 

Attn: John
Hilburn Davis IV 

Email: 

[Signature
Page to the Placement Agency Agreement]

EXHIBIT
A

INDEMNIFICATION
PROVISIONS

1.
To the extent permitted by law, the Company will indemnify the Placement Agent and its respective affiliates, directors, officers, employees
and controlling persons (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or Section 20 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934) against all losses, claims, damages, expenses and liabilities, as the same are incurred (including the reasonable
fees and expenses of counsel), relating to or arising out of its activities hereunder or pursuant to the Agreement, except, with regard
to the Placement Agent, to the extent that any losses, claims, damages, expenses or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) are found
in a final judgment (not subject to appeal) by a court of law to have resulted primarily and directly from such Placement Agents
willful misconduct or gross negligence in performing the services described herein, as the case may be.

2.
Promptly after receipt by the Placement Agent of notice of any claim or the commencement of any action or proceeding with respect to
which such Placement Agent is entitled to indemnity hereunder, such Placement Agent will notify the Company in writing of such claim
or of the commencement of such action or proceeding, and the Company will assume the defense of such action or proceeding and will employ
counsel reasonably satisfactory to such Placement Agent and will pay the reasonable fees and expenses of such counsel. Notwithstanding
the preceding sentence, the Placement Agent will be entitled to employ counsel separate from counsel for the Company and from any other
party in such action if counsel for such Placement Agent reasonably determines that it would be inappropriate under the applicable rules
of professional responsibility for the same counsel to represent both the Company and such Placement Agent. In such event, the reasonable
fees and disbursements of no more than one such separate counsel will be paid by the Company. The Company will have the exclusive right
to settle the claim or proceeding provided that the Company will not settle any such claim, action or proceeding without the prior written
consent of the Placement Agent, which will not be unreasonably withheld.

3.
The Company agrees to notify the Placement Agent promptly of the assertion against it or any other person of any claim or the commencement
of any action or proceeding relating to a transaction contemplated by the Agreement.

4.
If for any reason the foregoing indemnity is unavailable to the Placement Agent or insufficient to hold such Placement Agent harmless,
then the Company shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Placement Agent, as the case may be, to the extent reasonable,
as a result of such losses, claims, damages or liabilities in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits
received by the Company on the one hand, and such Placement Agent on the other, but also the relative fault of the Company on the one
hand and such Placement Agent on the other that resulted in such losses, claims, damages or liabilities, as well as any relevant equitable
considerations. The amounts paid or payable by a party in respect of losses, claims, damages and liabilities referred to above shall
be deemed to include any reasonable legal or other reasonable fees and expenses incurred in defending any litigation, proceeding or other
action or claim. Notwithstanding the provisions hereof, no Placement Agents share of the liability hereunder shall be in excess
of the amount of fees actually received, or to be received, by such Placement Agent under the Agreement (excluding any amounts received
as reimbursement of expenses incurred by such Placement Agent).

5.
These Indemnification Provisions shall remain in full force and effect whether or not the transaction contemplated by the Agreement is
completed and shall survive the termination of the Agreement, and shall be in addition to any liability that the Company might otherwise
have to any indemnified party under the Agreement or otherwise.

A-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.3
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex4-3.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
4.3

NEITHER
THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED
(THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE
OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

FORM
OF PLACEMENT AGENT COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

Digital
Brands Group, Inc.

Warrant
Shares: [*] Issue
Date: [*], 2025

THIS PLACEMENT AGENT COMMON STOCK
PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, _____________ or its assigns (the Holder)
is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after
[*], 2025, the date that is one hundred and eighty (180) days after the commencement of sales in the offering and cannot be sold, transferred,
assigned, pledged, or hypothecated, or be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put, or call transaction that would result
in the effective economic disposition of the Warrant pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1)(A), (the Initial Exercise Date)
and, in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)(A), on or prior to at 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on the date that is five (5) years following
the commencement of sales of the securities issued in the offering, provided that, if such date is not a Trading Day, the immediately
following Trading Day (the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Digital Brands
Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), up to ______ shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant
Shares) of the Companys Common Stock. The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal
to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b). This Warrant is issued pursuant to that certain placement agent agreement, dated
as of February 13, 2025, as amended, by and between the Company, RBW Capital Partners LLC and Dawson James Securities, Inc.

Section
1. Definitions. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that certain
Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement) dated as of [*], 2025, among the Company and the Purchasers
signatory thereto.

Section
2. Exercise.

a) Exercise
of Warrant. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made,
in whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to
the Company of a duly executed PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form attached hereto
as Exhibit A (the Notice of Exercise). Within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number
of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise
as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise
by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section
2(c) below is applicable and specified in the attached Notice of Exercise. The Company shall have no obligation to inquire with respect
to or otherwise confirm the authenticity of the signature(s) contained on any Notice of Exercise nor the authority of the person so executing
such Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee
or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required
to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and
the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation as soon
as reasonably practicable following the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of
this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering
the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased.
The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The
Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Trading Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and
any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the
purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time
may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

1

b) Exercise
Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $______1, subject to adjustment
hereunder (the Exercise Price).

c) Cashless
Exercise. If and only if at the time of exercise hereof there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus
contained therein is not available for the issuance or resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder, then this Warrant may also be exercised,
in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number
of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A)
= as
applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable
Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant
to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and
delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of
regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated
under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) the Bid Price of the Common
Stock on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg)
as of the time of the Holders execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such
Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a Trading Day
and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the
close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a)
hereof, or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date
of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed
and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading
hours on such Trading Day;

(B)
= the
Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X)
= the
number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance
with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than
a cashless exercise.

1 115% of the offering price per share.

2

Bid
Price means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (i) if the Common Stock
is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m.
(New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (ii) if the OTCQB Venture Market (the OTCQB) or the OTCQX
Best Market (the OTCQX) is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such
date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (iii) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading
on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market operated by the OTC Markets Group, Inc.
(the Pink Market) (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most
recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (iv) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock
as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding
and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (i) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m.
(New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (ii) if the OTCQB or the OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted
average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (iii) if the Common
Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Market,
the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (iv) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of
Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants
then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

3

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the
Securities Act, the holding period of the Warrant Shares being issued may be tacked on to the holding period of this Warrant. The Company
agrees not to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

d) Mechanics
of Exercise.

i. Delivery
of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer
Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust
Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such
system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the
Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale limitations
pursuant to Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in
the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is
entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earlier of
(i) two (2) Trading Days after delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price to the Company (if applicable), and (ii) the number of Trading
Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period, in each case (i) or (ii), after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise
and provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the instance of a cashless exercise) is received by the Company
by such date (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall
be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has
been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other
than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received by the Warrant Share Delivery Date. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver
to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder,
in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of
the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the fifth
(5th) Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant
Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST
program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period
means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect
to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise.

4

ii. Delivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and
upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing
the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other
respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii. Rescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i)
by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise by delivering written notice to
the Company at any time prior to the delivery of such Warrant Shares.

iv. Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if
the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section
2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date (other than any such failure that is solely due
to any action or inaction by the Holder with respect to such exercise), and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to
purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock
to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a
Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders
total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained
by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise
at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed (provided that such price is
on actual market terms), and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant
Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number
of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder.
For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted
exercise of Warrants with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately
preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating
the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing
herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without
limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares
of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof. The obligation of the Company to pay compensation
for Buy-In under this Section 2(d)(iv) is subject to delivery by the Holder of the aggregate Exercise Price in accordance with
the terms of Section 2(a).

5

v. No
Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this
Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall,
at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the
Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi. Charges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other
incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and
such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided,
however, that in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when
surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto as Exhibit B duly executed by the Holder
and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental
thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the
Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic
delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii. Closing
of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant,
pursuant to the terms hereof.

6

e) Holders
Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise
any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after
exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons
acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)),
would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the
number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude
the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant
beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or
nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject
to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its
Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial
ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder,
it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section
13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the
extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in
relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant
is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders
determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates
and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation,
and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination and shall have no liability for exercises
of the Warrant that are not in compliance with the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, except to the extent the Holder relies on a number
of outstanding shares of Common Stock that was provided by the Company. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated
above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number
of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission,
as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer
Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written request of a Holder, the Company shall within
one (1) Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the
number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the
Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be [4.99%/9.99%] of the number of
shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of
this Warrant. The Holder, upon written notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions
of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of Common
Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the
Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will
not be effective until the sixty-first (61st) day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall
be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this
paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained
or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this
paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

7

Section
3. Certain Adjustments.

a) Stock
Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes
a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of
Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this
Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse
stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the
Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which
the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event
and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of
shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant
shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record
date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after
the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b) Subsequent
Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time that this Warrant is outstanding
the Company grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property
pro rata to all of the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder
will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could
have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without
regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the
date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as
of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided,
however, that to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent
(or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to
such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

c) Pro
Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution
of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including,
without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification,
corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after
the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent
that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete
exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as
of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided,
however, that to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in
the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution
shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

8

d) Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions
effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, and after giving effect to such transaction, the stockholders
of the Company immediately prior to such transaction own less than 50% of the aggregate voting power of the Company or the successor
entity of such transaction (ii) the Company (or any Subsidiary), directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment,
transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company in one or a series of related transactions,
(iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed
pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property
and has been accepted by the holders of greater than 50% of the outstanding Common Stock or greater than 50% of the voting power of the
common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification,
reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively
converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property (other than a stock split) or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly,
in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without
limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby
such other Person or group acquires greater than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or greater than 50% of the voting power
of the common equity of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this
Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately
prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section
2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company,
if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as
a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately
prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For
purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration
based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and
the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value
of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash
or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration
it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in
a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all
of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the provisions of this Section
3(d) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without
unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for
this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this
Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent
to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise
of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such
shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction
and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of
protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably
satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall
be added to the term Company under this Warrant (so that from and after the occurrence or consummation of such Fundamental
Transaction, each and every provision of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall
refer instead to each of the Company and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally), and the Successor Entity
or Successor Entities, jointly and severally with the Company, may exercise every right and power of the Company prior thereto and the
Successor Entity or Successor Entities shall assume all of the obligations of the Company prior thereto under this Warrant and the other
Transaction Documents with the same effect as if the Company and such Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally,
had been named as the Company herein. For the avoidance of doubt, the Holder shall be entitled to the benefits of the provisions of this
Section 3(d) regardless of (i) whether the Company has sufficient authorized shares of Common Stock for the issuance of Warrant
Shares and/or (ii) whether a Fundamental Transaction occurs prior to the Initial Exercise Date.

9

e) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be.
For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall
be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

f) Notice
to Holder.

i. Adjustment
to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall
promptly deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment
to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment; provided, however, that the
Company may satisfy the notice requirement in this Section 3(f) by filing such information with the Commission on its Electronic
Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval (EDGAR) system pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K, Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or Annual
Report on Form 10-K.

ii. Notice
to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form other than a
stock split) on the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common
Stock (excluding any granting or issuance of rights to all of the Companys stockholders pursuant to a stockholder rights plan),
(C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares
of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with
any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is a party, any
sale or transfer of all or substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into
other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding
up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its last email
address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least four (4) calendar days prior to the applicable record or
effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend,
distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock
of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which
such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date
as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock
for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange;
provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the
corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains,
material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice
with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period
commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly
set forth herein.

10

Section
4. Transfer of Warrant.

a) Transferability.
Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d) hereof and to the provisions
of Section 4.1 of the Purchase Agreement, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration
rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated
agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B duly executed
by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon
such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee
or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to
the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder
has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days
of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned
in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b) New
Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company,
together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or
its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination,
the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in
accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the Issue Date of this Warrant and shall be
identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

11

c) Warrant
Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant
Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder
of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other
purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

d) Transfer
Restrictions. If, at the time of the surrender of this Warrant in connection with any transfer of this Warrant, the transfer of this
Warrant shall not be either (i) registered pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and under applicable
state securities or blue sky laws or (ii) eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current public information
requirements pursuant to Rule 144, the Company may require, as a condition of allowing such transfer, that the Holder or transferee of
this Warrant, as the case may be, comply with the provisions of Section 5.7 of the Purchase Agreement.

e) Representation
by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant and, upon any exercise
hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or
reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, except pursuant
to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act.

Section
5. Miscellaneous.

a) No
Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends
or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly
set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise
pursuant to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in
no event shall the Company be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b) Loss,
Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case
of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include
the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make
and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

12

c) Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted
herein shall not be a Trading Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading Day.

d) Authorized
Shares.

The
Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a
sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant.
The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with
the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all
such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any
applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants
that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise
of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof
(other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except
and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending
its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale
of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant,
but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary
or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment (it being understood that this Warrant
shall not in any case prevent the Company from effecting any such amendment, reorganization, transfer, consolidation, merger, dissolution,
issuance or sale). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares
above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may
be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon
the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents
from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under
this Warrant.

13

Before
taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the
Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from
any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e) Jurisdiction.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance
with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

f) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and the Holder does not
utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g) Nonwaiver
and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as
a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies, notwithstanding the fact that the right
to exercise this Warrant terminates on the Termination Date. Without limiting any other provision of this Warrant, if the Company willfully
and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall
pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys
fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise
enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h) Notices.
Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall be delivered
to the address of the Holder in the Warrant Register.

i) Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the
Company.

j) Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any
action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

14

k) Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder.
The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable
by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l) Amendment.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company, on the one hand, and
the Holder of this Warrant, on the other hand.

m) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

n) Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this
Warrant.

********************

(Signature
Page Follows)

15

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above
indicated.

Digital
brands group, Inc.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

16

EXHIBIT
A

NOTICE
OF EXERCISE

To:
digital brands group, Inc.

(1) The
undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised
in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment
shall take the form of (check applicable box):

[ ] in lawful money of the United States; or

[ ] if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection
2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure
set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3) Please
issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The
Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

(4) Accredited
Investor. The undersigned is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended.

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name
of Investing Entity: ________________________________________________________________________

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: _________________________________________________

Name
of Authorized Signatory: ___________________________________________________________________

Title
of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________________________

Date:
________________________________________________________________________________________

EXHIBIT
B

ASSIGNMENT
FORM

(To
assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to exercise the Warrant to purchase
shares.)

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please
Print)

Address: 

(Please
Print)

Phone
Number: 

Email
Address: 

Dated:
_______________ __, ______ 

Holders Signature: 

Holders Address:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

FORM
OF SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This
Securities Purchase Agreement (this Agreement) is dated as of [], 2025, between Digital Brands Group Inc.,
a company incorporated under the laws of Delaware (the Company), and each purchaser identified on the signature
pages hereto (each, including its successors and assigns, a Purchaser and collectively the Purchasers).

WHEREAS,
subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), the Company desires to issue and sell to each Purchaser, and each
Purchaser, severally and not jointly, desires to purchase from the Company, securities of the Company as more fully described in this
Agreement.

NOW,
THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt
and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows:

ARTICLE
I.

DEFINITIONS

1.1
Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms
have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.1:

Acquiring
Person shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.4.

Action
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(j).

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in the City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized
or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee
or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority
so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in the City of New York generally
are open for use by customers on such day.

Closing
means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to Section 2.1.

Closing
Date means the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties
thereto, and all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers obligations to pay the Subscription Amount and (ii) the Companys
obligations to deliver the Securities, in each case, have been satisfied or waived, but in no event later than the second (2nd)
Trading Day following the date hereof.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, $0.0001 par value per share, and any other class of securities into which such
securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time shares of Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument
that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common
Stock.

1

Company
Counsel means Anthony, Linder, & Cacomanolis, PLLC, with offices located at 1700 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd., Suite 820, West
Palm Beach, FL 33401.

Common
Warrants means, collectively, the Common Stock Purchase Warrants delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing in accordance
with Section 2.2(a) hereof, which Common Warrants shall be exercisable immediately upon issuance and have a term equal to one (1) year,
in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto.

Disclosure
Schedules means the Disclosure Schedules of the Company delivered concurrently herewith.

Disclosure
Time means, (i) if this Agreement is signed on a day that is not a Trading Day or after 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) and
before midnight (New York City time) on any Trading Day, 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately following the
date hereof, unless otherwise instructed as to an earlier time by the Placement Agent, and (ii) if this Agreement is signed between midnight
(New York City time) and 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, no later than 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the date
hereof, unless otherwise instructed as to an earlier time by the Placement Agent.

SRFC
means Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP, with offices located at 1185 Ave of the Americas, 31st Floor, New York, NY 10036.

Evaluation
Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(s).

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exempt
Issuance means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock or options to employees, officers or directors of the Company pursuant
to any stock or option plan duly adopted for such purpose, by a majority of the non-employee members of the Board of Directors or a majority
of the members of a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose for services rendered to the Company, (b) securities
upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any Securities issued hereunder and/or other securities exercisable or exchangeable
for or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this Agreement, provided that such securities have
not been amended since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange
price or conversion price of such securities (other than in connection with stock splits or combinations) or to extend the term of such
securities, and (c) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic transactions approved by a majority of the disinterested
directors of the Company, provided that such securities are issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and
carry no registration rights that require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith during the prohibition
period in Section 4.11(a) herein, and provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equity holders of a Person)
which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the business
of the Company and shall provide to the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction
in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing
in securities.

FCPA
means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

GAAP
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Final
Prospectus means the final Prospectus complying with Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act that is filed with the Commission and
delivered by the Company to each Purchaser at the Closing.

Indebtedness
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(aa).

Intellectual
Property Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(p).

Liens
means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

Material
Adverse Effect shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(b).

Material
Permits shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(n).

2

Per
Share Purchase Price equals $___ , subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations
and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Placement
Agent means RBW Capital Partners LLC acting through Dawson James Securities, Inc.

Placement
Agency Agreement means that certain placement agency agreement, dated as of [], 2025, by and between the Company and
the Placement Agent.

Pre-Funded
Warrants means, collectively, the Pre-Funded Common Stock purchase warrants delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing in
accordance with Section 2.2(a) hereof, which Pre-Funded Warrants shall be issued pursuant to the Registration Statement, exercisable
immediately and shall expire when exercised in full, the form of Exhibit A attached hereto.

Pre-Funded
Warrant Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants.

Preliminary
Prospectus means any preliminary prospectus included in the Registration Statement, as originally filed or as part of any
amendment thereto, or filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(a) of the rules and regulations of the Commission under the Securities
Act.

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

Prospectus
means the final base prospectus filed for the Registration Statement.

Purchaser
Party shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.7.

Registration
Statement means the effective registration statement with Commission file No. 333-[*] which registers the sale of the Shares
to the Purchasers, including any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement and all information, documents and exhibits filed with or incorporated
by reference into such Registration Statement.

Required
Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e).

Rule
144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Rule
424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Rule
462(b) Registration Statement means any registration statement prepared by the Company registering additional Shares, which
was filed with the Commission on or prior to the date hereof and became automatically effective pursuant to Rule 462(b) promulgated by
the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, if applicable.

SEC
Reports shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Securities
means the Shares, the Common Warrants, the Warrant Shares, the Pre-Funded Warrants and the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares.

3

Securities
means the Shares, the Common Warrants and the Warrant Shares.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Shares
means the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to each Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement, but excluding the Warrant Shares.

Short
Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be
deemed to include locating and/or borrowing shares of Common Stock).

Subscription
Amount means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for Shares and/or Pre-Funded Warrants and Common Warrants
purchased hereunder as specified below such Purchasers name on the signature page of this Agreement and next to the heading Subscription
Amount, in United States dollars and in immediately available funds.

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth on Schedule 3.1(a), and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect
subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock
Exchange, OTCQX, OTCQB, or OTC Pink Marketplace (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction
Documents means this Agreement, the Pre-Funded Warrants, the Common Warrants, the Placement Agency Agreement, and all exhibits
and schedules hereto and any other documents or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Transfer
Agent means VStock Transfer, LLC, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 18 Lafayette Place,
Woodmere, New York 11598, and a telephone number of (212) 828-8436, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Variable
Rate Transaction shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.10(b).

Warrant
Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Common Warrants.

ARTICLE
II.

PURCHASE
AND SALE

2.1
Closing. On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, substantially concurrent with the
execution and delivery of this Agreement by the parties hereto, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchasers, severally and not jointly,
agree to purchase, up to an aggregate of $[] of Shares and Common Warrants ; provided, however, that,
to the extent a Purchaser determines, in its sole discretion, that such Purchaser (together with such Purchasers Affiliates, and
any Person acting as a group together with such purchaser or any of such Purchasers Affiliates) would beneficially own in excess
of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, or as such Purchaser may otherwise choose, in lieu of purchasing Shares such Purchaser may elect
to purchase Pre-Funded Warrants in lieu of Shares in such manner to result in the same aggregate purchase price being paid by such Purchaser
to the Company. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% (or, at the election of the Purchaser at the
Closing, 9.99%) of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of the Securities
on the Closing Date. Each Purchasers Subscription Amount as set forth on the signature page hereto executed by such Purchaser
shall be made available via wire transfer to the Company pursuant to the wire instructions set forth in Exhibit B. The
Company shall deliver to each Purchaser its respective Shares and Common Warrants (or, if applicable, Pre-Funded Warrants) as determined
pursuant to Section 2.2(a), and the Company and each Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at
the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the Closing shall occur at the offices
of SRFC or such other location as the parties shall mutually agree. Unless otherwise directed by the Placement Agent, settlement of the
Shares shall occur via DVP (i.e., on the Closing Date, the Company shall issue the Shares registered in the Purchasers names and
addresses and released by the Transfer Agent directly to the accounts) at the Placement Agent identified by each Purchaser; upon receipt
of such Shares, the Placement Agent shall promptly electronically deliver such Shares to the applicable Purchaser, and payment therefor
shall be made by the Placement Agent (or its clearing firm) by wire transfer to the Company. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
herein and a Purchasers Subscription Amount set forth on the signature pages attached hereto, the number of Shares purchased by
a Purchaser (and its Affiliates) hereunder shall not, when aggregated with all other shares of Common Stock owned by such Purchaser (and
its Affiliates) at such time, result in such Purchaser beneficially owning (as determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange
Act) in excess of 9.9% of the then issued and outstanding Common Stock outstanding at the Closing (the Beneficial Ownership Maximum),
and such Purchasers Subscription Amount, to the extent it would otherwise exceed the Beneficial Ownership Maximum immediately
prior to the Closing, shall be conditioned upon the issuance of Shares at the Closing to the other Purchasers signatory hereto. To the
extent that a Purchasers beneficial ownership of the Shares would otherwise be deemed to exceed the Beneficial Ownership Maximum,
such Purchasers Subscription Amount shall automatically be reduced as necessary in order to comply with this paragraph. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, with respect to any Notice(s) of Exercise (as defined in the Common Warrants) delivered on or prior to 12:00 p.m. (New
York City time) on the Closing Date, which may be delivered at any time after the time of execution of this Agreement, the Company agrees
to deliver the Warrant Shares subject to such notice(s) by 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Closing Date and the Closing Date shall
be the Warrant Share Delivery Date (as defined in the Common Warrants) for purposes hereunder.

4

2.2
Deliveries.

(a)
On or prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser the following:

(i)
this Agreement duly executed by the Company;

(ii)
legal opinion of Company Counsel with respect to U.S. laws and securities matters (including, without limitation, a negative assurance
letter or statement), each in form and substance reasonably acceptable to SRFC, the Placement Agent, and each Purchaser;

(iii)
for each Purchaser of Pre-Funded Warrants pursuant to Section 2.1, a Pre-Funded Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase
up to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the portion of such Purchasers Subscription Amount applicable to the Pre-Funded
Warrant divided by the Per Share Purchase Price minus $0.0001, with an exercise price equal to $0.0001, subject to adjustment therein;

(iv)
[intentionally omitted];

(v)
subject to the last sentence of Section 2.1, the Company shall have provided each Purchaser with the Companys wire instructions,
on Company letterhead and executed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer;

(vi)
subject to the last sentence of Section 2.1, a copy of the irrevocable instructions to the Transfer Agent instructing the Transfer Agent
to deliver on an expedited basis via The Depository Trust Company Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC)
Shares equal to such Purchasers Subscription Amount divided by the Per Share Purchase Price, registered in the name of such Purchaser;

(vii)
the Prospectus and Final Prospectus (delivered in accordance with Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act).

(viii)
two (2)Common Warrants registered in the name of such Purchaser, each to purchase up to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to 100%
of Shares purchased by such Purchaser, with an exercise price equal to $[*], subject to adjustment therein;

(b)
On or prior to the Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company the following:

(i)
this Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser; and

(ii)
such Purchasers Subscription Amount, which shall be made available via wire transfer to the Company pursuant to the wire instructions
set forth in Exhibit B.

5

2.3
Closing Conditions.

(a)
The obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i)
the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse
Effect, in all respects) on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained herein (unless as of a
specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date);

(ii)
all obligations, covenants and agreements of each Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been
performed; and

(iii)
the delivery by each Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.

(b)
The respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i)
the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse
Effect, in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless
as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date);

(ii)
all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;

(iii)
the delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement;

(iv)
there shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company since the date hereof; and

(v)
from the date hereof to the Closing Date, trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the Commission or the Companys
principal Trading Market, and, at any time prior to the Closing Date, trading in securities generally as reported by Bloomberg L.P. shall
not have been suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on securities whose trades are reported by such
service, or on any Trading Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by the United States or New York State authorities
nor shall there have occurred any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or international calamity of such
magnitude in its effect on, or any material adverse change in, any financial market which, in each case, in the reasonable judgment of
such Purchaser, makes it impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the Securities at the Closing.

ARTICLE
III.

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES

3.1
Representations and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedules, which Disclosure Schedules shall
be deemed a part hereof and shall qualify any representation or otherwise made herein to the extent of the disclosure contained in the
corresponding section of the Disclosure Schedules, the Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to each Purchaser:

(a)
Subsidiaries. All of the direct and indirect Subsidiaries of the Company are set forth on Schedule 3.1(a). The Company
owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens, and
all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and
free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. If the Company has no subsidiaries, all other references
to the Subsidiaries or any of them in the Transaction Documents shall be disregarded.

6

(b)
Organization and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power
and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary is in violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or
other organizational or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good
standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned
by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could
not have or reasonably be expected to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction
Document, (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise)
of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in
any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material
Adverse Effect) and no Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking
to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.

(c)
Authorization; Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder.
The execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no
further action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders in connection herewith or therewith
other than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party has been
(or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will
constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as
limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application
affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance,
injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable
law.

(d)
No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to
which it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby
do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles
of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that
with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or
assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or similar adjustments,
acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument
(evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by
which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict
with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or
governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations),
or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and
(iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

7

(e)
Filings, Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any
notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other
Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filings
required pursuant to Section 4.4 of this Agreement, (ii) the filing with the Commission of the Final Prospectus, (iii) application(s)
to each applicable Trading Market for the listing of the Shares for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby, and (iv)
such filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws (collectively, the Required Approvals).

(f)
Issuance of the Securities; Registration. The Securities are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with
the applicable Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed
by the Company. The Warrant Shares, when issued in accordance with the terms of the Common Warrants, will be validly issued, fully paid
and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company. The Company has reserved from its duly authorized capital stock
the maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Agreement and the Common Warrants. The Company has prepared and
filed the Registration Statement in conformity with the requirements of the Securities Act, which became effective on [], 2025
(the Effective Date), including the Prospectus, and such amendments and supplements thereto as may have been required
to the date of this Agreement. The Registration Statement is effective under the Securities Act and no stop order preventing or suspending
the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or suspending or preventing the use of the Prospectus has been issued by the Commission
and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or, to the knowledge of the Company, are threatened by the Commission. The Company,
if required by the rules and regulations of the Commission, shall file the Prospectus with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b). At
the time the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto became effective, at the date of this Agreement and at the Closing Date,
the Registration Statement and any amendments or supplements thereto conformed and will conform in all material respects to the requirements
of the Securities Act and did not and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements
thereto, at the time the Prospectus or any amendment thereto was issued and at the Closing Date, conformed and will conform in all material
respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and did not and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading.

(g)
Capitalization. The capitalization of the Company as of the date hereof is as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g), which Schedule
3.1(g) shall also include the number of shares of Common Stock owned beneficially, and of record, by Affiliates of the Company as
of the date hereof. The Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act,
other than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options or the settlement of restricted stock units or performance share units
under the Companys stock option plans, the issuance of shares of Common Stock to employees pursuant to the Companys employee
stock purchase plans and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the most
recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, and except as otherwise disclosed on Schedule 1.3(g) or in the SEC Reports.
Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(g), no Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or
any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports
or as a result of the purchase and sale of the Securities, there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to,
calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or
exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any shares of Common Stock or the capital stock of any
Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to
issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or capital stock of any Subsidiary. The issuance and sale of the
Securities will not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than
the Purchasers). There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary with any provision that adjusts
the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price of such security or instrument upon an issuance and sale of the Securities by the Company
or any Subsidiary. Except as disclosed sin the SEC Reports, there are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any
Subsidiary that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements
by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or such Subsidiary. The Company does
not have any stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement. All of the
outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued
in compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive
rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. No further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board
of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities. There are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements
or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of
the Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders.

8

(h)
SEC Reports; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required
to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the
two years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the
foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, together with the Registration Statement,
Prospectus, and the Final Prospectus, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports) on a timely basis
or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension.
As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange
Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading. The Company has never been an issuer subject to Rule 144(i) under the Securities Act. The financial
statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the
rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been
prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved
(GAAP), except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited
financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position
of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the
periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments.

(i)
Material Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included
within the SEC Reports, except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(i), (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has
had or that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent
or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice
and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Companys financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings
made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend
or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any
shares of its capital stock and (v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant
to existing Company stock option plans. The Company does not have pending before the Commission any request for confidential treatment
of information. Except for the issuance of the Securities contemplated by this Agreement or as set forth on Schedule 3.1(i), no
event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with
respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, prospects, properties, operations, assets or financial condition
that would be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made or deemed
made that has not been publicly disclosed at least 1 Trading Day prior to the date that this representation is made.

(j)
Litigation. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(j), there is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding
or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their
respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state,
county, local or foreign) (collectively, an Action). None of the Actions set forth on Schedule 3.1(j) (i)
adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the Securities or (ii)
could, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company
nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or
liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. There has not been, and to the knowledge of
the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any current or former
director or officer of the Company. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration
statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

9

(k)
Labor Relations. No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees
of the Company, which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries
employees is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe
that their relationships with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary,
is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary
information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third
party, and the continued employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability
with respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all U.S. federal, state, local
and foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours,
except where the failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect.

(l)
Compliance. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that
has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor
has the Company or any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture,
loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound
(whether or not such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or order of any court, arbitrator
or other governmental authority or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental
authority, including without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational
health and safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as could not have or reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(m)
Environmental Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws relating
to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface
strata), including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or
toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise relating
to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well
as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders,
permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder (Environmental Laws); (ii) have
received all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses;
and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where in each clause (i), (ii) and
(iii), the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

(n)
Regulatory Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate
federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports,
except where the failure to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material
Permits), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or
modification of any Material Permit.

(o)
Title to Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them
and good and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries,
in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially
interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens for the payment
of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and, the payment of
which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries
are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance.

10

(p)
Intellectual Property. The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks,
trademark applications, service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights
and similar rights necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports and which
the failure to so have could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights). None
of, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property Rights
has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within two (2) years from the date
of this Agreement. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since the date of the latest audited financial statements included
within the SEC Reports, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge that the Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe
upon the rights of any Person, except as could not have or reasonably be expected to not have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge
of the Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement by another Person of any
of the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy,
confidentiality and value of all of their intellectual properties, except where failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(q)
Insurance. The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses
and risks and in such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including,
but not limited to, directors and officers insurance coverage at least equal to the aggregate Subscription Amount. Neither the Company
nor any Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage
expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business without a significant increase
in cost.

(r)
Transactions With Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(r), none of the officers or directors of
the Company or any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently
a party to any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including
any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal
property to or from, providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from any
officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee
has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other
than for (i) payment of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company
and (iii) other employee benefits, including stock option agreements under any stock option plan of the Company.

(s)
Sarbanes-Oxley; Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance with any and all applicable requirements
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that are effective as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated
by the Commission thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date. The Company and the Subsidiaries maintain
a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance
with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with
managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets
at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. The Company and the Subsidiaries have established
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries and
designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it
files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions
rules and forms. The Companys certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of
the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the end of the period covered by the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act
(such date, the Evaluation Date). The Company presented in its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange
Act the conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations
as of the Evaluation Date. Since the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting (as
such term is defined in the Exchange Act) of the Company and its Subsidiaries that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, the internal control over financial reporting of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

11

(t)
Certain Fees. Except as set forth in the Final Prospectus, no brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will be payable
by the Company or any Subsidiary to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or
other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The Purchasers shall have no obligation with
respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this Section
that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(u)
Investment Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities,
will not be or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.
The Company shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company subject to registration
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(v)
Registration Rights. Except as disclosed in the Companys SEC Reports, no Person has any right to cause the Company or any
Subsidiary to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company or any Subsidiary.

(w)
Listing and Maintenance Requirements. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, and the Company
has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common
Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating such registration.
The Company has not, since the date the Registration Statement was filed, received notice from any Trading Market on which
the Common Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing or maintenance
requirements of such Trading Market. The Company is, and has no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue
to be, in compliance with all such listing and maintenance requirements. The Common Stock is currently eligible for electronic transfer
through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation and the Company is current in payment of the fees to
the Depository Trust Company (or such other established clearing corporation) in connection with such electronic transfer.

(x)
Application of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order
to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement)
or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Companys articles of incorporation (or similar charter documents) as amended
or the laws of its state of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the Purchasers as a result of the Purchasers and the
Company fulfilling their obligations or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation as a result
of the Companys issuance of the Securities and the Purchasers ownership of the Securities.

(y)
Disclosure. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents,
the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the Purchasers or their agents or
counsel with any information that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information which is not otherwise
disclosed in the Final Prospectus. The Company understands and confirms that the Purchasers will rely on the foregoing representation
in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. All of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchasers
regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries, their respective businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Disclosure
Schedules to this Agreement, is true and correct and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material
fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
The press releases disseminated by the Company during the twelve months preceding the date of this Agreement taken as a whole do not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order
to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not misleading. The Company
acknowledges and agrees that no Purchaser makes or has made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated
hereby other than those specifically set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.

12

(z)
No Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2,
neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers
or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities
to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of any applicable shareholder approval provisions of any Trading Market
on which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated.

(aa)
Solvency. Based on the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the Closing Date, after giving effect to the receipt
by the Company of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder, (i) the fair saleable value of the Companys assets exceeds
the amount that will be required to be paid on or in respect of the Companys existing debts and other liabilities (including known
contingent liabilities) as they mature, (ii) the Companys assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital to carry on its
business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted including its capital needs taking into account the particular capital requirements
of the business conducted by the Company, consolidated and projected capital requirements and capital availability thereof, and (iii)
the current cash flow of the Company, together with the proceeds the Company would receive, were it to liquidate all of its assets, after
taking into account all anticipated uses of the cash, would be sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its liabilities when
such amounts are required to be paid. The Company does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature
(taking into account the timing and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt). The Company has no knowledge of any
facts or circumstances which lead it to believe that it will file for reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization
laws of any jurisdiction within one year from the Closing Date. Schedule 3.1(aa) sets forth as of the date hereof all outstanding
secured and unsecured Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary, or for which the Company or any Subsidiary has commitments. For
the purposes of this Agreement, Indebtedness means (x) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess
of $50,000 (other than trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (y) all guaranties, endorsements and other
contingent obligations in respect of indebtedness of others, whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Companys
consolidated balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection
or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (z) the present value of any lease payments in excess of $50,000 due
under leases required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default with respect to
any Indebtedness.

(bb)
Tax Status. Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and local income
and all foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii)
has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such
returns, reports and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material
taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material
amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary know of no
basis for any such claim.

(cc)
Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any
agent or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful
contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful
payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate
funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf
of which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law, or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA.

13

(dd)
Accountants. The Companys independent registered public accounting firm is Macias, Gini and OConnell LLP (the Auditor).
To the knowledge and belief of the Company, such Auditor (i) is a registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act and
(ii) shall express its opinion with respect to the financial statements to be included in the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023.

(ee)
Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each of the Purchasers
is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated
thereby. The Company further acknowledges that no Purchaser is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar
capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by any Purchaser or
any of their respective representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby
is merely incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to each Purchaser that the Companys
decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the
transactions contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.

(ff)
Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Trading Activity. Anything in this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the contrary notwithstanding
(except for Sections 3.2(f) and 4.14 hereof), it is understood and acknowledged by the Company that: (i) none of the Purchasers has been
asked by the Company to agree, nor has any Purchaser agreed, to desist from purchasing or selling, long and/or short, securities of the
Company, or derivative securities based on securities issued by the Company or to hold the Securities for any specified
term; (ii) past or future open market or other transactions by any Purchaser, specifically including, without limitation, Short Sales
or derivative transactions, before or after the closing of this or future private placement transactions, may negatively
impact the market price of the Companys publicly-traded securities; (iii) any Purchaser, and counter-parties in derivative
transactions to which any such Purchaser is a party, directly or indirectly, presently may have a short position in the
Common Stock, and (iv) each Purchaser shall not be deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any arms length counter-party
in any derivative transaction. The Company further understands and acknowledges that (y) one or more Purchasers may engage
in hedging activities at various times during the period that the Securities are outstanding, and (z) such hedging activities (if any)
could reduce the value of the existing stockholders equity interests in the Company at and after the time that the hedging activities
are being conducted. The Company acknowledges that such aforementioned hedging activities do not constitute a breach of any of the Transaction
Documents.

(gg)
Regulation M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly,
any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate
the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or, paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any
of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities
of the Company, other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), compensation paid to the Placement Agent in connection with the placement
of the Securities.

(hh)
Stock Option Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company under the Companys stock option plan was granted (i) in accordance
with the terms of the Companys stock option plan and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the
Common Stock on the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted under the
Companys stock option plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no Company
policy or practice to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options with, the
release or other public announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results or
prospects.

14

(ii)
Office of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director,
officer, agent, employee or Affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the
Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC).

(jj)
U.S. Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within
the meaning of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon Purchasers
request.

(kk)
Bank Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company
Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the
Federal Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly,
five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent or more of the total equity
of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
or Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and
to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

(ll)
Money Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with
applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended,
applicable money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws),
and no Action or Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company
or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.

(mm)
Pre-Funded Warrant Shares. The Pre-Funded Warrant Shares issuable upon the exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants will be duly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue
thereof.

3.2
Representations and Warranties of the Purchasers. Each Purchaser, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and
warrants as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case
they shall be accurate as of such date):

(a)
Organization; Authority. Such Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and
in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited
liability company or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents
and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance
by such Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate,
partnership, limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to
which it is a party has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof,
will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except:
(i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general
application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific
performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited
by applicable law.

(b)
Understandings or Arrangements. Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and has no direct
or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities (this
representation and warranty not limiting such Purchasers right to sell the Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement and
Final Prospectus or otherwise in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities
hereunder in the ordinary course of its business.

15

(c)
Purchaser Status. At the time such Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, and on each
date on which it exercises any Pre-Funded Warrants or Common Warrants, it will be either: (i) an accredited investor as
defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7) or (a)(8) under the Securities Act or (ii) a qualified institutional buyer
as defined in Rule 144A(a) under the Securities Act.

(d)
Experience of Such Purchaser. Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication
and experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment
in the Securities, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of
an investment in the Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

(e)
Access to Information. Such Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (including
all exhibits and schedules thereto) and the SEC Reports and has been afforded, (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed
necessary of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the
Securities and the merits and risks of investing in the Securities; (ii) access to information about the Company and its financial condition,
results of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the
opportunity to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that
is necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment. Such Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that neither
the Placement Agent nor any Affiliate of the Placement Agent has provided such Purchaser with any information or advice with respect
to the Securities nor is such information or advice necessary or desired. Neither the Placement Agent nor any Affiliate has made or makes
any representation as to the Company or the quality of the Securities and the Placement Agent and any Affiliate may have acquired non-public
information with respect to the Company which such Purchaser agrees need not be provided to it. In connection with the issuance of the
Securities to such Purchaser, neither the Placement Agent nor any of its Affiliates has acted as a financial advisor or fiduciary to
such Purchaser.

(f)
Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has
not, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed any
purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that such Purchaser
first received a term sheet (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material
terms of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of
such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers
managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion
of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. Other
than to other Persons party to this Agreement or to such Purchasers representatives, including, without limitation, its officers,
directors, partners, legal and other advisors, employees, agents and Affiliates, such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of
all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding
the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions,
with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

The
Company acknowledges and agrees that the representations contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect such Purchasers
right to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties
contained in any other Transaction Document or any other document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement
or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained
herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order
to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

16

ARTICLE
IV.

OTHER
AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1
Furnishing of Information. Until the earlier of (i) the time that no Purchaser owns Securities or Common Warrants, or (ii) twelve
(12) months after the date of this Agreement, the Company covenants to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file
within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act
even if the Company is not then subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act.

4.2
Integration. The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security
(as defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes of the
rules and regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require shareholder approval prior to the closing of such other transaction
unless shareholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

4.3
Securities Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company shall (a) by the Disclosure Time, issue a press release disclosing the material
terms of the transactions contemplated hereby, and (b) file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits
thereto, with the Commission within the time required by the Exchange Act. From and after the issuance of such press release, the Company
represents to the Purchasers that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to any of the Purchasers
by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees or agents in connection with the
transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. In addition, effective upon the issuance of such press release, the Company acknowledges
and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement, whether written or oral, between the Company,
any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates on the one hand, and any of the
Purchasers or any of their Affiliates on the other hand, shall terminate. The Company and each Purchaser shall consult with each other
in issuing any other press releases with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, and neither the Company nor any Purchaser shall
issue any such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement without the prior consent of the Company, with respect to any
press release of any Purchaser, or without the prior consent of each Purchaser, with respect to any press release of the Company, which
consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure is required by law, in which case the disclosing party
shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement or communication. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
Company shall not publicly disclose the name of any Purchaser, or include the name of any Purchaser in any filing with the Commission
or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent of such Purchaser, except (a) as required by federal securities
law in connection with the filing of final Transaction Documents with the Commission and (b) to the extent such disclosure is required
by law or regulation, Trading Market regulations, or FINRA rules or regulations, in which case the Company shall provide the Purchasers
with prior notice of such disclosure permitted under this clause (b).

4.4
Shareholder Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person,
that any Purchaser is an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill
(including any distribution under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by
the Company, or that any Purchaser could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving
Securities under the Transaction Documents or under any other agreement between the Company and the Purchasers.

4.5
Non-Public Information. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents, which shall be disclosed pursuant to Section 4.3, the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting
on its behalf will provide any Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably believes
constitutes, material non-public information, unless prior thereto such Purchaser shall have consented to the receipt of such information
and agreed with the Company to keep such information confidential. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be
relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. To the extent that the Company delivers any
material, non-public information to a Purchaser without such Purchasers consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that
such Purchaser shall not have any duty of confidentiality to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers,
directors, agents, employees or Affiliates, or a duty to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors,
agents, employees or Affiliates not to trade on the basis of, such material, non-public information, provided that the Purchaser shall
remain subject to applicable law. To the extent that any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains,
material, non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the
Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the
foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.

17

4.6
Use of Proceeds. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.6 attached hereto, the Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale
of the Securities hereunder for working capital purposes and shall not use such proceeds: (a) for the satisfaction of any portion of
the Companys debt (other than payment of trade payables in the ordinary course of the Companys business and prior practices
and as disclosed in the Use of Proceeds section of the Registration Statement), (b) for the redemption of any Common Stock
or Common Stock Equivalents, (c) for the settlement of any outstanding litigation or (d) in violation of FCPA or OFAC regulations.

4.7
Indemnification of Purchasers. Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.7, the Company will indemnify and hold each Purchaser
and its directors, officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent
role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls such Purchaser
(within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders,
agents, members, partners or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding
a lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any
and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in
settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or
incur as a result of or relating to (a) any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company
in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted against the Purchaser Parties in any capacity, or
any of them or their respective Affiliates, by any stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser Party, with respect
to any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (unless such action is solely based upon a material breach of such
Purchaser Partys representations, warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings
such Purchaser Party may have with any such stockholder or any violations by such Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws
or any conduct by such Purchaser Party which is finally judicially determined to constitute fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct)
or (c) in connection with any registration statement of the Company providing for the resale by the Purchasers of the Warrant Shares
issued and issuable upon exercise of the Common Warrants, the Company will indemnify each Purchaser Party, to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs (including, without limitation, reasonable
attorneys fees) and expenses, as incurred, arising out of or relating to (i) any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material
fact contained in such registration statement, any prospectus or any form of prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto or
in any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any prospectus or supplement thereto, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made) not misleading, except to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statements or omissions are
based solely upon information regarding such Purchaser Party furnished in writing to the Company by such Purchaser Party expressly for
use therein, or (ii) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any state securities
law, or any rule or regulation thereunder in connection therewith. If any action shall be brought against any Purchaser Party in respect
of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing, and the
Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser Party.
Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the
fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Purchaser Party except to the extent that (i) the employment thereof
has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (ii) the Company has failed after a reasonable period of time to assume such
defense and to employ counsel or (iii) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel, a material conflict on any material
issue between the position of the Company and the position of such Purchaser Party, in which case the Company shall be responsible for
the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel. The Company will not be liable to any Purchaser Party under
this Agreement (y) for any settlement by a Purchaser Party effected without the Companys prior written consent, which shall not
be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (z) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss, claim, damage or liability is attributable
to any Purchaser Partys breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by such Purchaser Party
in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents. The indemnification required by this Section 4.8 shall be made by periodic payments
of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or are incurred. The indemnity
agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of action or similar right of any Purchaser Party against the Company or
others and any liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant to law.

4.8
Reservation of Common Stock. As of the date hereof, the Company has reserved and the Company shall continue to reserve and keep
available at all times, free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock for the purpose of enabling the Company
to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement, Pre-Funded Warrant Shares pursuant to any exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants, and Warrant
Shares pursuant to any exercise of the Common Warrants.

4.9
Listing of Common Stock. The Company hereby agrees to use best efforts to maintain the listing or quotation of the Common Stock
on the Trading Market on which it is currently listed, and concurrently with the Closing, the Company shall apply to list or quote all
of the Shares on such Trading Market and promptly secure the listing of all of the Shares on such Trading Market. The Company further
agrees, if the Company applies to have the Common Stock traded on any other Trading Market, it will then include in such application
all of the Shares, and will take such other action as is necessary to cause all of the Shares to be listed or quoted on such other Trading
Market as promptly as possible. The Company will then take all action reasonably necessary to continue the listing and trading of its
Common Stock on a Trading Market and will comply in all respects with the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations under
the bylaws or rules of the Trading Market. The Company agrees to maintain the eligibility of the Common Stock for electronic transfer
through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation, including, without limitation, by timely payment of
fees to the Depository Trust Company or such other established clearing corporation in connection with such electronic transfer.

18

4.10
Subsequent Equity Sales.

(a)
From the date hereof until 30 days after the Closing Date, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall issue, enter into any agreement
to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, except with respect
to the issuance of Common Stock pursuant to the exercise of any Common Stock Equivalents issued by the Company prior to the Closing Date,
so long as the provision of such Common Stock Equivalents have not been amended after the Closing Date.

(b)
From the date hereof until 90 days after the Closing Date, the Company shall be prohibited from effecting or entering into an agreement
to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (or a combination of units
thereof) involving a Variable Rate Transaction. Variable Rate Transaction means a transaction in which the Company
(i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the right to
receive additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate or other price that is based
upon and/or varies with the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of Common Stock at any time after the initial issuance of
such debt or equity securities, or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date
after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly
related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock or (ii) enters into, or effects a transaction under, any agreement,
including, but not limited to, an equity line of credit, whereby the Company may issue securities at a future determined price. Any Purchaser
shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be in addition to
any right to collect damages.

(c)
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 4.10 shall not apply in respect of (i) an Exempt Issuance, except that no Variable Rate Transaction
shall be an Exempt Issuance, or (ii) the filing of any registration statement on Form S-8 or any successor form thereto.

4.11
Equal Treatment of Purchasers. No consideration (including any modification of any Transaction Document) shall be offered or paid
to any Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of the Transaction Documents unless the same consideration
is also offered to all of the parties to the Transaction Documents. For clarification purposes, this provision constitutes a separate
right granted to each Purchaser by the Company and negotiated separately by each Purchaser, and is intended for the Company to treat
the Purchasers as a class and shall not in any way be construed as the Purchasers acting in concert or as a group with respect to the
purchase, disposition or voting of Securities or otherwise.

4.12
Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that
neither it nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales, including
Short Sales of any of the Companys securities during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at
such time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as
described in Section 4.3. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that until such time as the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the initial press release as described
in Section 4.4, such Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction and the information included
in the Disclosure Schedules. Notwithstanding the foregoing and notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary,
the Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) no Purchaser makes any representation, warranty or covenant hereby that it will
not engage in effecting transactions in any securities of the Company after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.3, (ii) no Purchaser shall be restricted
or prohibited from effecting any transactions in any securities of the Company in accordance with applicable securities laws from and
after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release
as described in Section 4.3 and (iii) no Purchaser shall have any duty of confidentiality or duty not to trade in the securities of the
Company to the Company or its Subsidiaries after the issuance of the initial press release as described in Section 4.3. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate
portions of such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the
portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the covenant set forth above shall only apply with respect
to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this
Agreement.

4.13
Legends. The Shares, the Common Warrants and, if all or any portion of a Common Warrant is exercised at a time when there is an
effective registration statement to cover the issuance or resale of the Warrant Shares or if the Common Warrant is exercised via cashless
exercise, the Warrant Shares issued pursuant to any such exercise, shall be issued free of all legends. If at any time following the
date hereof the Registration Statement (or any subsequent registration statement registering the sale or resale of the Warrant Shares)
is not effective or is not otherwise available for the sale or resale of the Shares, the Common Warrants or the Warrant Shares, the Company
shall promptly notify the holders of the Common Warrants in writing that such registration statement is not then effective and thereafter
shall promptly notify such holders when the registration statement is effective again and available for the sale or resale of the Shares,
the Common Warrants or the Warrant Shares (it being understood and agreed that the foregoing shall not limit the ability of the Company
to issue, or any Purchaser to sell, any of the Warrant Shares in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). The Company
shall use best efforts to keep a registration statement (including the Registration Statement) registering the issuance or resale of
the Warrant Shares effective during the term of the Common Warrants.

4.14
Exercise Procedures. The form of Notice of Exercise included in the Common Warrants set forth the totality of the procedures required
of the Purchasers in order to exercise the Common Warrants. No additional legal opinion, other information or instructions shall be required
of the Purchasers to exercise their Common Warrants. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original Notice of Exercise shall
be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise form be required
in order to exercise the Common Warrants. The Company shall honor exercises of the Common Warrants and shall deliver Warrant Shares in
accordance with the terms, conditions and time periods set forth in the Transaction Documents.

19

ARTICLE
V.

GENERAL
PROVISIONS

5.1
Termination. This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchasers obligations hereunder only and without
any effect whatsoever on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties, if the
Closing has not been consummated on or before the fifth (5th) Trading Day following the date hereof; provided, however,
that no such termination will affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties).

5.2
Fees and Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and
expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the
negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including,
without limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company and any exercise notice
delivered by a Purchaser), stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Purchasers.

5.3
Entire Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, the Prospectus and the Final Prospectus,
contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements
and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents,
exhibits and schedules.

5.4
Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in
writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is
delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached
hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such
notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or email attachment at the email address as set forth on the
signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c)
the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service
or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications
shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto. To the extent that any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document
constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously
furnish the Commission with such notice pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.

5.5
Amendments; Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument
signed, in the case of an amendment, by the Company and Purchasers which purchased at least 50.1% in interest of the Shares and Common
Warrants based on the initial Subscription Amounts hereunder or, in the case of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement of any
such waived provision is sought, provided that if any amendment, modification or waiver disproportionately and adversely impacts a Purchaser
(or group of Purchasers), the consent of such disproportionately impacted Purchaser (or group of Purchasers) shall also be required.
No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing
waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall
any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right. Any proposed
amendment or waiver that disproportionately, materially and adversely affects the rights and obligations of any Purchaser relative to
the comparable rights and obligations of the other Purchasers shall require the prior written consent of such adversely affected Purchaser.
Any amendment effected in accordance with this Section 5.5 shall be binding upon each Purchaser and holder of Securities and the Company.

20

5.6
Headings. The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to
limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

5.7
Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and
permitted assigns. The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent
of each Purchaser (other than by merger). Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom
such Purchaser assigns or transfers any Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the
transferred Securities, by the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchasers.

5.8
No Third-Party Beneficiaries. The Placement Agent shall be a third-party beneficiary of the representations and warranties of
the Company in Section 3.1 and the representations and warranties of the Purchasers in Section 3.2. This Agreement is intended for the
benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision
hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in Section 4.8 and this Section 5.8.

5.9
Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents
shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal law of the State of New York, without regard to the principles
of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective
affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the courts of
the State of New York and of the United States of America, in each case sitting in the City and County of New York. Each party hereby
irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the such courts for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith
or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction
Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any Action or Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally
subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such Action or Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such Proceeding.
Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such Action or Proceeding
by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address
in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process
and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted
by law. If any party shall commence an Action or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition
to the obligations of the Company under Section 4.8, the prevailing party in such Action or Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the non-prevailing
party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution
of such Action or Proceeding.

5.10
Survival. The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Securities.

5.11
Execution. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one
and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party,
it being understood that the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission,
by e-mail delivery of a .pdf format data file, or by electronic signature, such signature shall create a valid and binding
obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile,
.pdf signature page, or electronic signature were an original thereof.

5.12
Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to
be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall
remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially
reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated
by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would
have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared
invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

21

5.13
Rescission and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions
of) any of the other Transaction Documents, whenever any Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction
Document and the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then such Purchaser may
rescind or withdraw, in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election
in whole or in part without prejudice to its future actions and rights; provided, however, that in the case of a rescission of an exercise
of a Common Warrant, the applicable Purchaser shall be required to return any shares of Common Stock subject to any such rescinded exercise
notice concurrently with the return to such Purchaser of the aggregate exercise price paid to the Company for such shares and the restoration
of such Purchasers right to acquire such shares pursuant to such Purchasers Common Warrant (including, issuance of a replacement
warrant certificate evidencing such restored right).

5.14
Replacement of Securities. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed,
the Company shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation),
or in lieu of and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to
the Company of such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also
pay any reasonable third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities.

5.15
Remedies. In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages,
each of the Purchasers and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that
monetary damages may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction
Documents and hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that
a remedy at law would be adequate.

5.16
Payment Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document
or a Purchaser enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise
or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by
or are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including,
without limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such
restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect
as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

5.17
Independent Nature of Purchasers Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document
are several and not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance
or non-performance of the obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other
Transaction Document, and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as
a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way
acting in concert or as a group with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each
Purchaser shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce its rights including, without limitation, the rights arising out of
this Agreement or out of the other Transaction Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional
party in any Proceeding for such purpose. Each Purchaser has been represented by its own separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation
of the Transaction Documents. For reasons of administrative convenience only, each Purchaser and its respective counsel have chosen to
communicate with the Company through SRFC. SRFC does not represent any of the Purchasers and only represents the Placement Agent. The
Company has elected to provide all Purchasers with the same terms and Transaction Documents for the convenience of the Company and not
because it was required or requested to do so by any of the Purchasers. It is expressly understood and agreed that each provision contained
in this Agreement and in each other Transaction Document is between the Company and a Purchaser, solely, and not between the Company
and the Purchasers collectively and not between and among the Purchasers.

5.18
Liquidated Damages. The Companys obligations to pay any partial liquidated damages or other amounts owing under the Transaction
Documents is a continuing obligation of the Company and shall not terminate until all unpaid partial liquidated damages and other amounts
have been paid notwithstanding the fact that the instrument or security pursuant to which such partial liquidated damages or other amounts
are due and payable shall have been canceled.

22

5.19
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business
Day.

5.20
Construction. The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise
the Transaction Documents and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against
the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each
and every reference to share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse
and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the
date of this Agreement.

5.21
WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY,
THE PARTIES EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY,
IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY.

(Signature
Pages Follow)

23

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized
signatories as of the date first indicated above.

DIGITAL
BRANDS GROUP INC. Address
for Notice:

4700
S Boyle Ave.

Los
Angeles, CA 90058

By: 

Name: E-Mail:

Title: Fax:

With
a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

[REMAINDER
OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

SIGNATURE
PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]

24

[PURCHASER
SIGNATURE PAGES TO SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories
as of the date first indicated above.

Name
of Purchaser: _____________________

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: _____________________

Name
of Authorized Signatory: _____________________

Title
of Authorized Signatory: _____________________

Email
Address of Authorized Signatory: _____________________

Facsimile
Number of Authorized Signatory: _____________________

Address
for Notice to Purchaser: _____________________

Delivery
Instructions for Securities to Purchaser:

Subscription
Amount: $_____________________

Shares:
_____________________

Pre-Funded
Warrants: _____________________ Beneficial Ownership Blocker 4.99% or 9.99%

Common
Warrants: ________________ Beneficial Ownership Blocker 4.99% or 9.99%

EIN
Number: _____________________

Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, by checking this box (i) the obligations of the above-signed to
purchase the securities set forth in this Agreement to be purchased from the Company by the above-signed, and the obligations of the
Company to sell such securities to the above-signed, shall be unconditional and all conditions to Closing shall be disregarded, (ii)
the Closing shall occur on the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of this Agreement and (iii) any condition to Closing
contemplated by this Agreement (but prior to being disregarded by clause (i) above) that required delivery by the Company or the above-signed
of any agreement, instrument, certificate or the like or purchase price (as applicable) shall no longer be a condition and shall instead
be an unconditional obligation of the Company or the above-signed (as applicable) to deliver such agreement, instrument, certificate
or the like or purchase price (as applicable) to such other party on the Closing Date.

25
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>dbgi-20250213.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>dbgi-20250213_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>dbgi-20250213_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 13, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 13, 2025

Entity File Number 001-40400

Entity Registrant Name DIGITAL
BRANDS GROUP, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001668010

Entity Tax Identification Number 46-1942864

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 1400
Lavaca Street

Entity Address, City or Town Austin

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 78701

City Area Code (209)

Local Phone Number 651-0172

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
20 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://digitalbrandsgroup.co/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

dbgi-20250213.xsd 
dbgi-20250213_lab.xml 
dbgi-20250213_pre.xml 
form8-k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-007169-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001668010 

2025-02-13 
2025-02-13 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001668010 
8-K 
2025-02-13 
DIGITAL BRANDS GROUP, INC. 
DE 
001-40400 
46-1942864 
1400 Lavaca Street 
Austin 
TX 
78701 
(209) 
651-0172 
false 
false 
false 
false 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>