<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001140361-25-005427.txt : 20250221
<SEC-HEADER>0001140361-25-005427.hdr.sgml : 20250221
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250221162040
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-25-005427
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250221
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250221
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250221

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Bionano Genomics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001411690
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	LABORATORY ANALYTICAL INSTRUMENTS [3826]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				261756290
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38613
		FILM NUMBER:		25652216

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9540 TOWNE CENTRE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92121
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(858) 888-7600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9540 TOWNE CENTRE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92121

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Bionano Genomics, Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190308

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BioNano Genomics, Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BioNanomatrix Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070906
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ef20043949_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false0001411690NASDAQ00014116902025-02-212025-02-21

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 21, 2025

Bionano Genomics, Inc.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Delaware

001-38613

26-1756290

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) 

(Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer Identification No.)

9540 Towne Centre Drive,
Suite 100

San Diego, California 

92121

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

(Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (858) 888-7600

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share

BNGO

The Nasdaq Capital Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter)
or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or
revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On February 4, 2025, Bionano Genomics, Inc. (the Company) suspended, and ceased offering any shares of its common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, (the
Common Stock) pursuant to the prospectus supplement dated May 10, 2023, relating to the Sales Agreement (the Sales Agreement) by and between the Company and Cowen and Company, LLC (Cowen), dated March 23, 2021, as amended March 9, 2023. The
Company provided written notice to Cowen terminating the Sales Agreement, effective February 14, 2025.

On February 21, 2025, the Company entered into an At The Market Offering Agreement (the ATM Agreement) with H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC (Wainwright),
pursuant to which the Company may offer and sell, from time to time at its sole discretion, shares of its Common Stock, through or to Wainwright, acting as sales agent or principal. The issuance and sale, if any, of shares of Common Stock under the
ATM Agreement will be made pursuant to the Companys shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-270459), which was filed by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on March 10, 2023, amended on May 8, 2023
and became effective on May 10, 2023 and the related prospectus supplement (the Current Prospectus Supplement) filed by the Company with the SEC on February 21, 2025. In accordance with the terms of the ATM Agreement, under the Current Prospectus
Supplement, the Company may offer and sell shares of its Common Stock having an aggregate offering price of up to $75.0 million from time to time through Wainwright.

The Company is not obligated to sell any shares under the ATM Agreement. Each time the Company wishes to issue and sell shares under the ATM Agreement, the
Company will notify Wainwright of the number of shares to be issued, the dates on which such sales may be made, any limitation on the number of shares to be sold in any one day and any minimum price below which sales may not be made. Unless
Wainwright declines to accept the terms of such notice, subject to the terms and conditions of the ATM Agreement, Wainwright has agreed to use its commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales practices to sell such
shares up to the amount specified on such terms. Under the ATM Agreement, Wainwright may sell shares of the Companys Common Stock by any method permitted that is deemed to be an at-the-market offering as defined in Rule 415(a)(4) promulgated under
the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, including, without limitation, sales made directly on or through the Nasdaq Capital Market or any other existing trading market in the United States for the Common Stock, in privately negotiated
transactions at market prices prevailing at the time of sale or at prices related to such prevailing market prices and/or any other method permitted by law. The Company will pay Wainwright in cash a commission equal to 3.0% of the aggregate gross
proceeds from each sale of shares, reimburse certain legal fees and disbursements and provide Wainwright with customary indemnification and contribution rights against certain liabilities. The ATM Agreement may be terminated by the Company at any
time upon five (5) business days prior written notice to Wainwright, or by Wainwright at any time.

The foregoing description of the ATM Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the ATM
Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.

The representations, warranties and covenants contained in the ATM Agreement were made solely for the benefit of the parties to the ATM Agreement, and
may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties. Accordingly, the ATM Agreement is incorporated herein by reference only to provide investors with information regarding the terms of the ATM Agreement and not to provide investors
with any other factual information regarding the Company or its business, and should be read in conjunction with the disclosures in the Companys periodic reports and other filings with the SEC.

A copy of the legal opinion of Cooley LLP relating to the shares of Common Stock issuable under the ATM Agreement and covered by the Current Prospectus
Supplement is filed as Exhibit 5.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

This Current Report on Form 8-K shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any shares, nor shall there be any offer,
solicitation or sale of such shares in any state or other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction.

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit No. 

Description

5.1 

Opinion of Cooley LLP.

10.1 

At the Market Offering Agreement, dated February 21, 2025, by and between the Company and H.C. Wainwright, LLC.

23.1 

Consent of Cooley LLP (contained in Exhibit 5.1).

104 

Inline XBRL for the cover page of this Current Report on Form 8-K

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Bionano Genomics, Inc.

Date: February 21, 2025 

By: 

/s/ R. Erik Holmlin, Ph.D.

R. Erik Holmlin, Ph.D.

President and Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ef20043949_ex5-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 5.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 5.1

Thomas A. Coll

+1 858 550 6013

colta@cooley.com

February 21, 2025

Bionano Genomics, Inc.

9540 Towne Centre Drive, Suite 100

San Diego, California 92121

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We have acted as counsel to Bionano Genomics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company),

in connection with the offering by the Company of shares of its common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock), having an aggregate offering
price of up to $75,000,000 (the Shares) pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-270459) (the Registration Statement) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), the prospectus included in the Registration Statement (the Base Prospectus) and the prospectus supplement dated February 21, 2025 filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Act (together with the Base Prospectus, the Prospectus). The Shares are to be sold by the Company in accordance with that certain At the Market Offering Agreement, dated February 21, 2025, by and between
the Company and H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC (the Agreement), as described in the Prospectus.

In connection with this opinion, we have examined and relied upon (a) the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, (b) the Agreement, (c) the Companys certificate
of incorporation and bylaws, each as currently in effect, and (d) such other records, documents, opinions, certificates, memoranda and instruments as in our judgment are necessary or appropriate to enable us to render the opinion expressed below.
We have assumed the genuineness of all signatures; the authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals; the conformity to originals of all documents submitted to us as copies; the accuracy, completeness and authenticity of certificates
of public officials and the due authorization, execution and delivery, of all documents by all persons other than the Company where authorization, execution and delivery are prerequisites to the effectiveness thereof. As to certain factual matters,
we have relied upon a certificate of an officer of the Company and have not independently verified such matters.

We have assumed (i) that each sale of Shares will be duly authorized by the Board of Directors of the Company, a duly authorized committee thereof or a person or body
pursuant to an authorization granted in accordance with Section 152 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL), (ii) that no more
than 14,044,943 Shares will be sold under the Agreement pursuant to the Prospectus and (iii) that the price at which the Shares are sold will equal or exceed the par value of the Shares. We express no opinion to the extent that future issuances of
securities of the Company, anti-dilution adjustments to outstanding securities of the Company or other matters cause the number of shares of Common Stock available for issuable by the Company to be less than the number of shares then issuable under
the Agreement.

Our opinion is expressed solely with respect to the DGCL. We express no opinion to the extent that any other laws are applicable to the subject matter hereof and
express no opinion and provide no assurance as to compliance with any federal or state securities law, rule or regulation.

Cooley LLP 10265 Science Center Drive, San Diego, CA 92121-1117

t: 858.550.6000 f: 858.550.6420 cooley.com

Bionano Genomics, Inc.

February 21, 2025

Page Two

On the basis of the foregoing, and in reliance thereon, and subject to the qualifications stated herein, we are of the opinion that the Shares, when sold and issued
against payment therefor in accordance with the Agreement, the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.

This opinion is limited to the matters expressly set forth in this letter, and no opinion has been or should be implied, or may be inferred, beyond the matters
expressly stated. This opinion speaks only as to law and facts in effect or existing as of the date hereof, and we have no obligation or responsibility to update or supplement this letter to reflect any facts or circumstances that may hereafter
come to our attention or any changes in law that may hereafter occur.

We consent to the reference to our firm under the heading Legal Matters in the Prospectus and to the filing of this opinion as an exhibit to the Companys Current
Report on Form 8-K to be filed with the Commission for incorporation by reference into the Registration Statement. In giving such consents, we do not thereby admit that we are in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of
the Securities Act, or the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder.

Very truly yours, 

Cooley LLP 

By: 

/s/ Thomas A. Coll 

Thomas A. Coll 

Cooley LLP 10265 Science Center Drive, San Diego, CA 92121-1117

t: 858.550.6000 f: 858.550.6420 cooley.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ef20043949_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

Execution Version

AT THE MARKET OFFERING AGREEMENT

February 21, 2025

H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC

430 Park Avenue, 3rd Floor

New York, New York 10022

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Bionano Genomics, Inc., a corporation organized under the laws of Delaware (the Company), confirms its agreement (this Agreement) with H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC (the Manager)

as follows:

1. Definitions. The terms that follow, when used in this Agreement and any Terms Agreement, shall have the meanings indicated.

Accountants shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4(m).

Act shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder.

Action shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(p).

Affiliate shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(o).

Applicable Time shall mean, with respect to any Shares, the time of sale of such Shares pursuant to this Agreement or any relevant Terms Agreement.

Base Prospectus shall mean the base prospectus contained in the Registration Statement at the Execution Time.

BHCA shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(qq).

Board shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2(b)(iii).

Broker Fee shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2(b)(v).

Business Day shall mean any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or required by law to remain
closed; provided, however, that, for purposes of clarity, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any other
similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New
York generally are open for use by customers on such day.

Commission shall mean the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common Stock shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.

Common Stock Equivalents shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(g).

Company Counsel shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4(l).

DTC shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2(b)(vii).

Distribution shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2(b)(x).

Effective Date shall mean each date and time that the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment or amendments thereto became or becomes effective.

Environmental Laws shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(s).

Evaluation Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(y).

Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder.

Execution Time shall mean the date and time that this Agreement is executed and delivered by the parties hereto.

Federal Reserve shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(qq).

FINRA shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(e).

Free Writing Prospectus shall mean a free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 405.

GAAP shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(m).

2

Hazardous Materials shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(s).

Incorporated Documents shall mean the documents or portions thereof filed with the Commission on or prior to the Effective Date that are incorporated by reference in
the Registration Statement or the Prospectus and any documents or portions thereof filed with the Commission after the Effective Date that are deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus.

Indebtedness shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(ee).

Intellectual Property Rights shall have the meaning
ascribed to such term in Section 3(v).

Issuer Free Writing Prospectus shall mean an issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433.

IT Systems and Data shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(mm).

Liens shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(a).

Losses shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 7(d).

Material Adverse Effect shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(b).

Material Permits shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(t).

Maximum Amount shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.

Money Laundering Laws shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(rr).

Net Proceeds shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2(b)(v).

Permitted Free Writing Prospectus shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4(g).

Person shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(e).

3

Placement shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2(c).

Proceeding shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(b).

Prospectus shall mean the Base Prospectus, as supplemented by the most recently filed Prospectus Supplement (if any).

Prospectus Supplement shall mean each prospectus supplement relating to the Shares prepared and filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) from time to time.

Record Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2(b)(x).

Registration Statement shall mean the shelf registration statement (File Number 333-270459) on Form S-3, including exhibits and financial statements filed with or
incorporated by reference into such registration statement and any prospectus supplement relating to the Shares that is filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) and deemed part of such registration statement pursuant to Rule 430B, as
amended on each Effective Date and, in the event any post-effective amendment thereto becomes effective, shall also mean such registration statement as so amended.

Representation Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4(k).

Required Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(e).

Rule 158, Rule 164, Rule 172, Rule 173, Rule 405, Rule 415, Rule 424, Rule 430B and Rule 433
refer to such rules under the Act.

Sales Notice shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2(b)(i).

SEC Reports shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(m).

Settlement Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2(b)(vii).

Shares shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.

Subsidiary shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(a).

Terms Agreement shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2(a).

4

Time of Delivery shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2(c).

Trading Day means a day on which the Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the NYSE American,
the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the New York Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

All references in this Agreement to financial statements and schedules and other information that is contained, included or stated in the Registration Statement or the
Prospectus (and all other references of like import) shall be deemed to mean and include all such financial statements and schedules and other information which is or is deemed to be incorporated by reference in or otherwise deemed under the Act
to be a part of or included in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, as the case may be, as of any specified date; and all references in this Agreement to amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement or the Prospectus shall be
deemed to mean and include, without limitation, the filing of any Incorporated Document to be a part of or included in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, as the case may be, as of any specified date.

2. Sale and Delivery of Shares. The Company proposes to issue and sell through or to the Manager, as sales agent and/or principal, from time to time during the term of this
Agreement and on the terms set forth herein, up to the lesser of such number of shares (the Shares) of the Companys common stock, $0.0001 par value per share (Common Stock), that does not exceed (a) the number or dollar amount
of shares of Common Stock registered on the Prospectus Supplement, pursuant to which the offering is being made, (b) the number of then authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock (less the number of shares of Common Stock then issuable
pursuant to any outstanding options, warrants, convertible securities or other rights, agreements (other than this Agreement), plans, arrangements or commitments of the Company, including the number of any and all shares of Common Stock then
reserved for issuance (other than pursuant to this Agreement)), or (c) the number or dollar amount of shares of Common Stock that would cause the Company or the offering of the Shares to not satisfy the eligibility and transaction requirements
for use of Form S-3, including, if applicable, General Instruction I.B.6 of Registration Statement on Form S-3 (the lesser of (a), (b) and (c), the Maximum Amount). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the parties
hereto agree that compliance with the limitations set forth in this Section 2 on the number and aggregate sales price of Shares issued and sold under this Agreement shall be the sole responsibility of the Company and that the Manager shall have
no obligation in connection with such compliance.

5

(a) Appointment of Manager as Selling Agent; Terms Agreement. For purposes of selling the Shares through the Manager, the Company hereby appoints the Manager
as exclusive agent of the Company for the purpose of selling the Shares of the Company pursuant to this Agreement and the Manager agrees to use its commercially reasonable efforts to sell the Shares on the terms and subject to the conditions
stated herein. The Company agrees that, whenever it determines to sell the Shares directly to the Manager as principal, it will enter into a separate agreement (each, a Terms Agreement) in substantially the form of Annex I
hereto, relating to such sale in accordance with Section 2 of this Agreement.

(b) Agent Sales. Subject to the terms and conditions and in reliance upon the representations and warranties herein set forth, the Company will issue and
agrees to sell Shares from time to time through the Manager, acting as sales agent, and the Manager agrees to use its commercially reasonable efforts to sell, as sales agent for the Company, on the following terms:

(i) The Shares are to be sold on a daily basis or otherwise as shall be agreed to by the Company and the Manager on any day that (A) is a Trading Day, (B) the Company
has instructed the Manager by telephone (confirmed promptly by electronic mail) to make such sales (Sales Notice) and (C) the Company has satisfied its obligations under Section 6 of this Agreement. The Company will designate the
maximum amount of the Shares to be sold by the Manager daily (subject to the limitations set forth in Section 2(d)) and the minimum price per Share at which such Shares may be sold. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Manager shall
use its commercially reasonable efforts to sell on a particular day all of the Shares designated for the sale by the Company on such day. The gross sales price of the Shares sold under this Section 2(b) shall be the market price for the shares of
Common Stock sold by the Manager under this Section 2(b) on the Trading Market at the time of sale of such Shares.

(ii) The Company acknowledges and agrees that (A) there can be no assurance that the Manager will be successful in selling the Shares, (B) the Manager will incur no
liability or obligation to the Company or any other Person if it does not sell the Shares for any reason other than a failure by the Manager to use its commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales practices and
applicable law and regulations to sell such Shares as required under this Agreement, and (C) the Manager shall be under no obligation to purchase Shares on a principal basis pursuant to this Agreement, except as otherwise specifically agreed by
the Manager and the Company pursuant to a Terms Agreement.

6

(iii) The Company shall not authorize the issuance and sale of, and the Manager shall not be obligated to use its commercially reasonable efforts to sell, any Share at
a price that is lower than the minimum price therefor designated from time to time by the Companys Board of Directors (the Board), or a duly authorized committee thereof, or such duly authorized officers of the Company, and notified to
the Manager in writing. The Company or the Manager may, upon notice to the other party hereto by telephone (confirmed promptly by electronic mail), suspend the offering of the Shares for any reason and at any time; provided, however,
that such suspension or termination shall not affect or impair the parties respective obligations with respect to the Shares sold hereunder prior to the giving of such notice.

(iv) The Manager may sell Shares by any method permitted by law deemed to be an at the market offering as defined in Rule 415 under the Act, including without
limitation sales made directly on the Trading Market, on any other existing trading market for the Common Stock or to or through a market maker. The Manager may also sell Shares in privately negotiated transactions, provided that the Manager
receives the Companys prior written approval and if so provided in the Plan of Distribution section of the Prospectus Supplement or a supplement to the Prospectus Supplement or a new Prospectus Supplement disclosing the terms of such privately
negotiated transaction.

(v) The compensation to the Manager for sales of the Shares under this Section 2(b) shall be a placement fee of 3.0% of the gross sales price of the Shares sold
pursuant to this Section 2(b) (Broker Fee). The foregoing rate of compensation shall not apply when the Manager acts as principal, in which case the Company may sell Shares to the Manager as principal at a price agreed upon at the
relevant Applicable Time pursuant to a Terms Agreement. The remaining proceeds, after deduction of the Broker Fee and deduction of any transaction fees imposed by any clearing firm, execution broker, or governmental or self-regulatory
organization in respect of such sales, shall constitute the net proceeds to the Company for such Shares (the Net Proceeds).

(vi) The Manager shall provide written confirmation (which may be by electronic mail) to the Company following the close of trading on the Trading Market each day in
which the Shares are sold under this Section 2(b) setting forth the number of the Shares sold on such day, the aggregate gross sales proceeds and the Net Proceeds to the Company, and the compensation payable by the Company to the Manager with
respect to such sales.

7

(vii) Unless otherwise agreed between the Company and the Manager, settlement for sales of the Shares will occur at 10:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the first (1st)
Trading Day, (or any other settlement cycle as may be in effect pursuant to Rule 15c6-1 under the Exchange Act from time to time) following the date on which such sales are made (each, a Settlement Date). On or before the Trading Day
prior to each Settlement Date, the Company will, or will cause its transfer agent to, electronically transfer the Shares being sold by crediting the Managers or its designees account (provided that the Manager shall have given the Company
written notice of such designee at least one Trading Day prior to the Settlement Date) at The Depository Trust Company (DTC) through its Deposit and Withdrawal at Custodian System or by such other means of delivery as may be mutually
agreed upon by the parties hereto which Shares in all cases shall be freely tradable, transferable, registered shares in good deliverable form. On each Settlement Date, the Manager will deliver the related Net Proceeds in same day funds to an
account designated by the Company. The Company agrees that, if the Company, or its transfer agent (if applicable), defaults in its obligation to deliver duly authorized Shares on a Settlement Date, in addition to and in no way limiting the rights
and obligations set forth in Section 7 hereto, the Company will (i) hold the Manager harmless against any loss, claim, damage, or reasonable, documented expense (including reasonable and documented legal fees and expenses), as incurred, arising
out of or in connection with such default by the Company, and (ii) pay to the Manager any commission, discount or other compensation to which the Manager would otherwise have been entitled absent such default.

(viii) At each Applicable Time, Settlement Date and Representation Date, the Company shall be deemed to have affirmed each representation and warranty contained in this
Agreement as if such representation and warranty were made as of such date (except to the extent that any such representation or warranty is made as of a specified date, in which case such representation or warranty shall have been true and
correct as of such date), modified as necessary to relate to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus as amended as of such date. Any obligation of the Manager to use its commercially reasonable efforts to sell the Shares on behalf of the
Company shall be subject to the continuing accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Company herein, to the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder and to the continuing satisfaction of the additional conditions
specified in Section 6 of this Agreement.

(ix) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, during any period in which the Company is in possession of material non-public information, the Company and
the Manager agree that (i) no sales of Shares will take place, (ii) the Company shall not request the sale of any Shares, and (iii) the Manager shall not be obligated to sell or offer to sell any Shares.

8

(x) If the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by
way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or
other similar transaction) (a Distribution and the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive the Distribution, the Record Date), the Company hereby covenants that, in connection with any sales of
Shares pursuant to a Sales Notice on the Record Date, the Company shall issue and deliver such Shares to the Manager on the Record Date and the Record Date shall be the Settlement Date and the Company shall cover any additional costs of the
Manager in connection with the delivery of Shares on the Record Date.

(c) Term Sales. If the Company wishes to sell the Shares pursuant to this Agreement in a manner other than as set forth in Section 2(b) of this Agreement
(each, a Placement), the Company will notify the Manager of the proposed terms of such Placement. If the Manager, acting as principal, wishes to accept such proposed terms (which it may decline to do for any reason in its sole
discretion) or, following discussions with the Company wishes to accept amended terms, the Manager and the Company will enter into a Terms Agreement setting forth the terms of such Placement. The terms set forth in a Terms Agreement will not be
binding on the Company or the Manager unless and until the Company and the Manager have each executed such Terms Agreement accepting all of the terms of such Terms Agreement. In the event of a conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the
terms of a Terms Agreement, the terms of such Terms Agreement will control. A Terms Agreement may also specify certain provisions relating to the reoffering of such Shares by the Manager. The commitment of the Manager to purchase the Shares
pursuant to any Terms Agreement shall be deemed to have been made on the basis of the representations and warranties of the Company herein contained and shall be subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth. Each Terms Agreement shall
specify the number of the Shares to be purchased by the Manager pursuant thereto, the price to be paid to the Company for such Shares, any provisions relating to rights of, and default by, underwriters acting together with the Manager in the
reoffering of the Shares, and the time and date (each such time and date being referred to herein as a Time of Delivery) and place of delivery of and payment for such Shares. Such Terms Agreement shall also specify any requirements for
opinions of counsel, accountants letters and officers certificates pursuant to Section 6 of this Agreement and any other information or documents required by the Manager.

(d) Maximum Number of Shares. Under no circumstances shall the Company cause or request the offer or sale of any Shares if, after giving effect to the sale of
such Shares, the aggregate amount of Shares sold pursuant to this Agreement would exceed the lesser of (A) together with all sales of Shares under this Agreement, the Maximum Amount, (B) the amount available for offer and sale under the currently
effective Registration Statement and (C) the amount authorized from time to time to be issued and sold under this Agreement by the Board, a duly authorized committee thereof or a duly authorized executive committee, and notified to the Manager in
writing. Under no circumstances shall the Company cause or request the offer or sale of any Shares pursuant to this Agreement at a price lower than the minimum price authorized from time to time by the Board, a duly authorized committee thereof
or a duly authorized executive officer, and notified to the Manager in writing. Further, under no circumstances shall the Company cause or permit the aggregate offering amount of Shares sold pursuant to this Agreement to exceed the Maximum
Amount.

9

(e) Regulation M Notice. Unless the exceptive provisions set forth in Rule 101(c)(1) of Regulation M under the Exchange Act are satisfied with respect to the
Shares, the Company shall give the Manager at least one (1) Business Days prior notice of its intent to sell any Shares in order to allow the Manager time to comply with Regulation M.

3. Representations and Warranties. The Company represents and warrants to, and agrees with, the Manager at the Execution Time and on each such time that the following
representations and warranties are repeated or deemed to be made pursuant to this Agreement, as set forth below, except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, the Incorporated Documents or the SEC Reports.

(a) Subsidiaries. All of the direct and indirect subsidiaries (individually, a Subsidiary) of the Company are set
forth on Exhibit 21.1 to the Companys most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission. The Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens
(which for purposes of this Agreement shall mean a lien, charge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction), and all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock and other
equity interests of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities.

(b) Organization and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or
otherwise organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as
currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in violation nor in default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents. Each of the
Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such
qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could not have or reasonably be expected to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of this
Agreement, (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, from that set forth in the Registration Statement,
the Base Prospectus, any Prospectus Supplement, the Prospectus or the Incorporated Documents, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under this Agreement
(any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material Adverse Effect) and no Proceeding (which for purposes of this Agreement shall mean any action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including,
without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding, such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened) has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail
such power and authority or qualification.

10

(c) Authorization and Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to
consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby have
been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further action is required by the Company, the Board or the Companys stockholders in connection herewith other than in connection with the Required Approvals. This
Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms,
except (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating
to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

(d) No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement, the issuance and sale of
the Shares and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other
organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of
the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or similar adjustments, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or
other instrument (evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii)
subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is
subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not, individually or
in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

11

(e) Filings, Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of,
give any notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other Person (defined as an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated
association, joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind, including the Trading Market) in connection with the execution, delivery and performance
by the Company of this Agreement, other than (i) the filings required by this Agreement, (ii) the filing with the Commission of the Prospectus Supplement, (iii) the filing of application(s) to and approval by the Trading Market for the listing
of the Shares for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby, and (iv) such filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws and the rules and regulations of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority,
Inc. (FINRA) (collectively, the Required Approvals).

(f) Issuance of Shares. The Shares are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with this Agreement, will
be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company. The Company has reserved from its duly authorized capital stock a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to
this Agreement. The issuance by the Company of the Shares has been registered under the Act and all of the Shares are freely transferable and tradable by the purchasers thereof without restriction (other than any restrictions arising solely
from an act or omission of such a purchaser). The Shares are being issued pursuant to the Registration Statement and the issuance of the Shares has been registered by the Company under the Act. The Plan of Distribution section within
the Registration Statement permits the issuance and sale of the Shares as contemplated by this Agreement. Upon receipt of the Shares, the purchasers of such Shares will have good and marketable title to such Shares and the Shares will be
freely tradable on the Trading Market.

12

(g) Capitalization. The capitalization of the Company is as set forth in the SEC Reports. Except as set forth in the
SEC Reports, the Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise of employee equity awards under the
Companys equity award plans, the issuance of shares of Common Stock or stock options to employees pursuant to the Companys equity award plans and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of securities exercisable, exchangeable or convertible
into Common Stock (Common Stock Equivalents) outstanding as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act. No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any
similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever
relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any shares of Common Stock or the capital stock of any Subsidiary, or contracts,
commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or capital stock of any Subsidiary. The issuance and sale of the
Shares will not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person. There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary with any provision that adjusts the
exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price of such security or instrument upon an issuance of securities by the Company or any Subsidiary. There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary that contain any
redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or such Subsidiary. The Company does not
have any stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been
issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. No further approval or authorization
of any stockholder, the Board or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Shares. There are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is
a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders.

(h) Registration Statement. The Company meets the requirements for use of Form S-3 under the Act and has prepared and filed with the Commission the Registration
Statement, including a related Base Prospectus, for registration under the Act of the offering and sale of the Shares. Such Registration Statement is effective and available for the offer and sale of the Shares as of the date hereof. As filed,
the Base Prospectus contains all information required by the Act and the rules thereunder, and, except to the extent the Manager shall agree in writing to a modification, shall be in all substantive respects in the form furnished to the Manager
prior to the Execution Time or prior to any such time this representation is repeated or deemed to be made. The Registration Statement, at the Execution Time, each such time this representation is repeated or deemed to be made, and at all times
during which a prospectus is required by the Act to be delivered (whether physically or through compliance with Rule 172, 173 or any similar rule) in connection with any offer or sale of the Shares, meets the requirements set forth in Rule
415(a)(1)(x). The initial Effective Date of the Registration Statement was not earlier than the date three (3) years before the Execution Time. The Company meets the transaction requirements as set forth in General Instruction I.B.1 of Form S-3
or, if applicable, as set forth in General Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3 with respect to the aggregate market value of securities being sold pursuant to this offering and during the twelve (12) months prior to this offering.

13

(i) Accuracy of Incorporated Documents. The Incorporated Documents, when they were filed with the Commission, conformed in
all material respects to the requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules thereunder, and none of the Incorporated Documents, when they were filed with the Commission, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made not misleading; and any further documents so filed and incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Base
Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement or the Prospectus, when such documents are filed with the Commission, will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules thereunder, as applicable, and will not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

(j) Ineligible Issuer. (i) At the earliest time after the filing of the Registration Statement that the Company or another offering participant made a bona
fide offer (within the meaning of Rule 164(h)(2)) of the Shares and (ii) as of the Execution Time and on each such time that this representation is repeated or deemed to be made (with such date being used as the determination date for purposes of
this clause (ii)), the Company was not and is not an Ineligible Issuer (as defined in Rule 405), without taking account of any determination by the Commission pursuant to Rule 405 that it is not necessary that the Company be considered an
Ineligible Issuer.

(k) Free Writing Prospectus. The Company is eligible to use Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses. Any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus used in connection with the
issuance and sale of Shares under this Agreement does not include any information the substance of which conflicts with the information contained in the Registration Statement, including any Incorporated Documents and any prospectus supplement
deemed to be a part thereof that has not been superseded or modified; and each such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus used in connection with the issuance and sale of Shares under this Agreement does not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The foregoing sentence does not apply to statements in or omissions from any
Issuer Free Writing Prospectus based upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by the Manager specifically for use therein. Any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that the Company is required to file pursuant to Rule 433(d) in connection with the issuance and sale of Shares under this Agreement has been, or will be, filed with the Commission in accordance with the
requirements of the Act and the rules thereunder. Each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that the Company has filed, or is required to file, pursuant to Rule 433(d) in connection with the issuance and
sale of Shares under this Agreement or that was prepared by or behalf of or used by the Company complies or will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the Act and the rules thereunder. The Company will not, without the prior
consent of the Manager, prepare, use or refer to, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses in connection with the issuance and sale of Shares under this Agreement.

14

(l) Proceedings Related to Registration Statement. The Registration Statement is not the subject of a pending proceeding or examination under Section 8(d) or
8(e) of the Act, and the Company is not the subject of a pending proceeding under Section 8A of the Act in connection with the offering of the Shares. The Company has not received any notice that the Commission
has issued or intends to issue a stop-order with respect to the Registration Statement or that the Commission otherwise has suspended or withdrawn the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, either temporarily or permanently, or intends or
has threatened in writing to do so.

(m) SEC Reports. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be
filed by the Company under the Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two (2) years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such
material) (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, together with the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports) on
a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the
requirements of the Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to
make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports have been prepared in all material respects in compliance with
applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. The interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language included or incorporated by reference in
the Registration Statement fairly presents the information called for in all material respects and has been prepared in accordance with the Commissions rules and guidelines applicable thereto. Such financial statements have been prepared in
accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (GAAP), except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except
that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the
results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments.

15

(n) [Reserved].

(o) Material Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within the SEC
Reports, except as specifically disclosed in a subsequent SEC Report filed prior to the date on which this representation is being made, (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had or that could reasonably be expected to
result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and (B)
liabilities not required to be reflected in the Companys financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting, (iv) the Company has not declared or
made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock, (v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any
officer, director or Affiliate (defined as any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a Person, as such
terms are used in and construed under Rule 144 under the Act), except pursuant to existing Company equity award plans, and (vi) no executive officer of the Company or member of the Board has resigned from any position with the Company. 
The Company does not have pending before the Commission any request for confidential treatment of information. Except for the issuance of the Shares contemplated by this Agreement, no event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or
development has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, prospects, properties, operations, assets or financial condition that would be required
to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made or deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed at least one (1) Trading Day prior to the date that this representation is made.

16

(p) Litigation. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, there is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation,
proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency
or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign) (collectively, an Action) that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Actions set forth in the SEC Reports adversely affects or
challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of this Agreement or the issuance of Shares hereunder. During the last three (3) years prior to the date of this Agreement, except as set forth in the SEC Reports, neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary, nor any director or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. There has not been, and to
the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other
order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Act.

(q) Labor Relations. No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of
the employees of the Company, which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries employees is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or
such Subsidiary, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe that their relationships with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the
Company, no executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary, is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement or non-competition
agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third party, and the continued employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability with
respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all applicable U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of
employment and wages and hours, except where the failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(r) Compliance. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not been waived that,
with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor has the Company or any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture,
loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound (whether or not such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or
order of any court, arbitrator or other governmental authority or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority, including without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local
laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational health and safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

17

(s) Environmental Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws relating to pollution or
protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata), including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants,
contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or
handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or
approved thereunder (Environmental Laws); (ii) have received all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses; and (iii) are in compliance with all terms
and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where in each clause (i), (ii) and (iii), the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

(t) Regulatory Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate federal, state, local
or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports, except where the failure to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material

Permits), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any Material Permit.

(u) Title to Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real
property owned by them and good and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries, in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially
affect the value of such property and do not materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens for the payment of federal, state or other taxes, for which
appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and, the payment of which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries are held by them
under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance.

18

(v) Intellectual Property. The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent
applications, trademarks, trademark applications, service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights and similar rights owned or licensed by the Company or the Subsidiaries and
necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports and which the failure to so have could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights). None
of, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property Rights has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within two
(2) years from the date of this Agreement. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within the SEC Reports, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge
that the Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe upon the rights of any Person, except as could not have or reasonably be expected to not have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Company, all such Intellectual Property
Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement by another Person of any of the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures designed to protect the secrecy, confidentiality
and value of all of their intellectual properties, except where failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(w) Insurance. The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility
against such losses and risks and in such amounts as are reasonable, prudent and customary for companies of similar size as the Company in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including, but not limited to,
directors and officers insurance coverage. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from
similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business without a significant increase in cost.

(x) Affiliate Transactions. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, none of the officers or directors of the Company
or any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and
directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to
or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee,
stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other than for (i) payment of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other employee benefits,
including equity award agreements under any equity award plan of the Company.

19

(y) Sarbanes Oxley Compliance. The Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance with any and all applicable
requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, that are effective as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the Commission thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof. The Company and the Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific
authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements
general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. The Company and the Subsidiaries
have established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries and designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information required to be
disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms. The Companys certifying officers have
evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the end of the period covered by the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act (such date, the Evaluation Date). 

The Company presented in its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation
Date. Since the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in the Exchange Act) of the Company and its Subsidiaries that have materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the internal control over financial reporting of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

(z) Certain Fees. Other than payments to be made to the Manager, no brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will be payable by the Company or any
Subsidiary to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Manager shall have no obligation with respect to any
fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this Section that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(aa) No Other Sales Agency Agreement. The Company has not entered into any other sales agency agreements or other similar arrangements with any agent or any
other representative in respect of at the market offerings of the Shares.

(bb) Investment Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Shares, will not be or be an Affiliate
of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Company shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company subject to registration under the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended.

20

(cc) Listing and Maintenance Requirements. The Common Stock is listed on the Trading Market and the issuance of the Shares as contemplated by this Agreement does
not contravene the rules and regulations of the Trading Market. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, and the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have
the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating such registration. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, the
Company has not, in the twelve (12) months preceding the date hereof, received notice from any Trading Market on which the Common Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing or
maintenance requirements of such Trading Market. The Company is currently in compliance with all such listing and maintenance requirements.1 The Common Stock is
currently eligible for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation and the Company is current in payment of the fees to the Depository Trust Company (or such other established clearing
corporation) in connection with such electronic transfer.

(dd) Application of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable any control share
acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or other similar antitakeover provision under the Companys certificate of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the laws of its state
of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the Shares.

(ee) Solvency. Based on the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the date hereof, (i) the fair saleable value of the Companys assets exceeds
the amount that will be required to be paid on or in respect of the Companys existing debts and other liabilities (including known contingent liabilities) as they mature, (ii) the Companys assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital to
carry on its business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted including its capital needs taking into account the particular capital requirements of the business conducted by the Company, consolidated and projected capital requirements
and capital availability thereof, and (iii) the current cash flow of the Company, together with the proceeds the Company would receive, were it to liquidate all of its assets, after taking into account all anticipated uses of the cash, would be
sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its liabilities when such amounts are required to be paid. The Company does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature (taking into account the timing and
amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt). The SEC Reports set forth as of the date hereof all outstanding secured and unsecured Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary, or for which the Company or any Subsidiary has
commitments. For the purposes of this Agreement, Indebtedness means (x) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess of $50,000 (other than trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (y) all
guaranties, endorsements and other contingent obligations in respect of indebtedness of others, whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Companys consolidated balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties by
endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (z) the present value of any lease payments in excess of $50,000 due under leases required to be capitalized in
accordance with GAAP. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default with respect to any Indebtedness.

1 Note to Draft: Subject to receipt of notice that the Company has regained compliance with the minimum bid price requirement which is anticipated to occur prior
to signing.

21

(ff) Tax Status. Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, the
Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and local income and all foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has
paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment
of all material taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of
the Company or of any Subsidiary know of no basis for any such claim.

(gg) Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any agent or other person acting
on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful
payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by
any person acting on its behalf of which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law, or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

(hh) Accountants. The Companys accounting firm is set forth in the SEC Reports. To the knowledge and belief of the Company, such accounting firm (i) is a
registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act and (ii) shall express its opinion with respect to the financial statements to be included in the Companys Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024.

22

(ii) Regulation M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed
to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Shares, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or, paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of,
any of the Shares, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company, other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), compensation paid to the Manager in
connection with the Shares.

(jj) FDA. As to each product subject to the jurisdiction of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act,
as amended, and the regulations thereunder (FDCA) that is manufactured, packaged, labeled, tested, distributed, sold, and/or marketed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (each such product, a Pharmaceutical Product), such
Pharmaceutical Product is being manufactured, packaged, labeled, tested, distributed, sold and/or marketed by the Company in compliance with all applicable requirements under FDCA and similar laws, rules and regulations relating to registration,
investigational use, premarket clearance, licensure, or application approval, good manufacturing practices, good laboratory practices, good clinical practices, product listing, quotas, labeling, advertising, record keeping and filing of reports,
except where the failure to be in compliance would not have a Material Adverse Effect. There is no pending, completed or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened, action (including any lawsuit, arbitration, or legal or administrative or
regulatory proceeding, charge, complaint, or investigation) against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice, warning letter or other communication from the FDA or any
other governmental entity, which (i) contests the premarket clearance, licensure, registration, or approval of, the uses of, the distribution of, the manufacturing or packaging of, the testing of, the sale of, or the labeling and promotion of any
Pharmaceutical Product, (ii) withdraws its approval of, requests the recall, suspension, or seizure of, or withdraws or orders the withdrawal of advertising or sales promotional materials relating to, any Pharmaceutical Product, (iii) imposes a
clinical hold on any clinical investigation by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (iv) enjoins production at any facility of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (v) enters or proposes to enter into a consent decree of permanent
injunction with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or (vi) otherwise alleges any violation of any laws, rules or regulations by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and which, either individually or in the aggregate, would have a Material
Adverse Effect. The properties, business and operations of the Company have been and are being conducted in all material respects in accordance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations of the FDA. The Company has not been informed by the
FDA that the FDA will prohibit the marketing, sale, license or use in the United States of any product proposed to be developed, produced or marketed by the Company nor has the FDA expressed any concern as to approving or clearing for marketing
any product being developed or proposed to be developed by the Company.

23

(kk) [Reserved].

(ll) Equity Award Plans. Each equity award granted by the Company under the Companys equity award plan was granted (i) in accordance with the terms of the
Companys equity award plan and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date such equity award would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No equity award granted under the
Companys equity award plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no Company policy or practice to knowingly grant, equity awards prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of equity
awards with, the release or other public announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results or prospects.

(mm) Cybersecurity. (i)(x) There has been no material security breach or other material compromise of or relating to any
of the Companys or any Subsidiarys information technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, material confidential data (including any such data maintained by the Company or any Subsidiary belonging to its respective customers,
employees, suppliers, vendors and any third party data), equipment or technology (collectively, IT Systems and Data) and (y) the Company and the Subsidiaries comply in all material respects with all applicable Privacy Laws (as defined
below) relating to the IT Systems and Data and have not been notified of, and has no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in, any such material security breach or other material compromise to its IT
Systems and Data; (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented and maintained commercially reasonable safeguards designed to maintain and protect its material confidential data and the integrity, availability, redundancy and security of
its IT Systems and Data in compliance with all applicable Privacy Laws (as defined below) in all material respects; and (iii) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented commercially reasonable backup and disaster recovery practices.

24

(nn) Compliance with Data Privacy Laws. (i) The Company and the Subsidiaries are, and at all times during the past three (3) years were, in material compliance
with all applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations, including, as applicable, the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU 2016/679) (collectively, Privacy Laws); (ii) the Company and the
Subsidiaries have in place, comply with, and take appropriate steps reasonably designed to ensure compliance with their written policies and procedures relating to the Companys and the Subsidiaries data privacy and security and the collection,
storage, use, disclosure, handling and analysis of Personal Data (as defined below)(the Policies); (iii) the Company provides notice of its applicable Policies to its customers, employees, third party vendors and representatives as and
to the extent required by Privacy Laws, except as would not have a Material Adverse Effect; and (iv) applicable publicly posted Policies do not contain any material omissions of the Companys then-current privacy practices, as and to the extent
required by Privacy Laws. Personal Data means (i) a natural persons name, street address, telephone number, email address, photograph, social security number, bank information, or customer or account number; (ii) any information which would
qualify as personally identifying information under the Federal Trade Commission Act, as amended; (iii) personal data as defined by GDPR; and (iv) any or other analogous term as governed by Privacy Laws. To the knowledge of the Company, the
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement will not result in a material breach of any applicable Privacy Laws or Policies. Neither the Company nor the Subsidiaries, (i) has, to the knowledge of the Company, received written notice of
any actual or potential liability of the Company or the Subsidiaries under, or actual or potential violation by the Company or the Subsidiaries of, any applicable Privacy Laws; (ii) is currently conducting or paying for, in whole or in part, any
investigation, remediation or other corrective action pursuant to any regulatory request or demand pursuant to any applicable Privacy Law; or (iii) is a party to any order, decree, or agreement by or with any court or arbitrator or governmental
or regulatory authority that imposed any obligation or liability on the Company or its Subsidiaries under any applicable Privacy Law.

(oo) Office of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee or
affiliate of the Company or its Subsidiaries is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC).

(pp) U.S. Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within the meaning of Section 897 of
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon the Managers request.

(qq) Bank Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any of its Affiliates is subject to the Bank
Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of the
Company, any of its Affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the total equity of a bank or any entity that
is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any of its Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a
bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

25

(rr)Money Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable financial record-keeping and reporting
requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, applicable money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money

Laundering Laws), and no Action or Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to
the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.

(ss)FINRA Member Shareholders. There are no affiliations with any FINRA member firm among the Companys officers, directors or, to the knowledge of the Company, any five percent
(5%) or greater stockholder of the Company, except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus, any Prospectus Supplement or the Prospectus.

4.Agreements. The Company agrees with the Manager that:

(a)Right to Review Amendments and Supplements to Registration Statement and Prospectus. During any period when the delivery of a prospectus relating to the Shares is required (including in
circumstances where such requirement may be satisfied pursuant to Rule 172, 173 or any similar rule) to be delivered under the Act in connection with the offering or the sale of Shares, the Company will not file any amendment to the Registration
Statement or supplement (including any Prospectus Supplement) to the Base Prospectus unless the Company has furnished to the Manager a copy for its review prior to filing and will not file any such proposed amendment or supplement to which the
Manager reasonably objects (provided, however, that the Company will have no obligation to provide the Manager any advance copy of such filing or to provide the Manager an opportunity to object to such filing if the filing does not name the
Manager and does not relate to the transactions under this Agreement). The Company has properly completed the Prospectus, in a form approved by the Manager, and filed such Prospectus, as amended at the Execution Time, with the Commission pursuant
to the applicable paragraph of Rule 424(b) by the Execution Time and will cause any supplement to the Prospectus filed after the Effective Time to be properly completed, in a form approved by the Manager, and will file such supplement with the
Commission pursuant to the applicable paragraph of Rule 424(b) within the time period prescribed thereby and will provide evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Manager of such timely filing. The Company will promptly advise the Manager (i) when
the Prospectus, and any supplement thereto, shall have been filed (if required) with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b), (ii) when, during any period when the delivery of a prospectus (whether physically or through compliance with Rule 172,
173 or any similar rule) is required under the Act in connection with the offering or sale of the Shares, any amendment to the Registration Statement shall have been filed or become effective (other than any annual report of the Company filed
pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act), (iii) of any request by the Commission or its staff for any amendment of the Registration Statement, or for any supplement to the Prospectus or for any additional information, (iv) of the
issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or of any notice objecting to its use or the institution or threatening of any proceeding for that purpose and (v) of the receipt by the
Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification of the Shares for sale in any jurisdiction or the institution or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose. The Company will use its reasonable best efforts to
prevent the issuance of any such stop order or the occurrence of any such suspension or objection to the use of the Registration Statement and, upon such issuance, occurrence or notice of objection, to obtain as soon as possible the withdrawal of
such stop order or relief from such occurrence or objection, including, if necessary, by filing an amendment to the Registration Statement or a new registration statement and using its reasonable best efforts to have such amendment or new
registration statement declared effective as soon as practicable.

26

(b)Subsequent Events. If, at any time on or after an Applicable Time but prior to the related Settlement Date, any event occurs as a result of which the Registration Statement or Prospectus
would include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein in the light of the circumstances under which they were made or the circumstances then prevailing not misleading,
the Company will (i) notify promptly the Manager so that any use of the Registration Statement or Prospectus may cease until such are amended or supplemented; (ii) amend or supplement the Registration Statement or Prospectus to correct such
statement or omission; and (iii) supply any such amendment or supplement to the Manager in such quantities as the Manager may reasonably request.

(c)Notification of Subsequent Filings. During any period when the delivery of a prospectus relating to the Shares is required (including in circumstances where such requirement may be
satisfied pursuant to Rule 172, 173 or any similar rule) to be delivered under the Act, any event occurs as a result of which the Prospectus as then supplemented would include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material
fact necessary to make the statements therein in the light of the circumstances under which they were made not misleading, or if it shall be necessary to amend the Registration Statement, file a new registration statement or supplement the
Prospectus to comply with the Act or the Exchange Act or the respective rules thereunder, including in connection with use or delivery of the Prospectus, the Company promptly will (i) notify the Manager of any such event, (ii) subject to Section
4(a), prepare and file with the Commission an amendment or supplement or new registration statement which will correct such statement or omission or effect such compliance, (iii) use its reasonable best efforts to have any amendment to the
Registration Statement or new registration statement declared effective as soon as practicable in order to avoid any disruption in use of the Prospectus and (iv) supply any supplemented Prospectus to the Manager in such quantities as the Manager
may reasonably request.

27

(d)Earnings Statements. As soon as practicable, the Company will make generally available to its security holders and to the Manager an earnings statement or statements of the Company and its
Subsidiaries which will satisfy the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Act and Rule 158. For the avoidance of doubt, the Companys compliance with the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act shall be deemed to satisfy the requirements of this
Section 4(d).

(e)Delivery of Registration Statement. Upon the request of the Manager, the Company will furnish to the Manager and counsel for the Manager, without charge, signed copies of the Registration
Statement (including exhibits thereto) and, so long as delivery of a prospectus by the Manager or dealer may be required by the Act (including in circumstances where such requirement may be satisfied pursuant to Rule 172, 173 or any similar
rule), as many copies of the Prospectus and each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus and any supplement thereto as the Manager may reasonably request. The Company will pay the expenses of printing or other production of all documents relating to the
offering.

(f)Qualification of Shares. The Company will arrange, if necessary, for the qualification of the Shares for sale under the laws of such jurisdictions as the Manager may designate and will
maintain such qualifications in effect so long as required for the distribution of the Shares; provided that in no event shall the Company be obligated to qualify to do business in any jurisdiction where it is not now so qualified or to take any
action that would subject it to service of process in suits, other than those arising out of the offering or sale of the Shares, in any jurisdiction where it is not now so subject.

(g)Free Writing Prospectus. The Company agrees that, unless it has or shall have obtained the prior written consent of the Manager, the Company has not made and will not make any offer
relating to the Shares that would constitute an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or that would otherwise constitute a free writing prospectus (as defined in Rule 405) required to be filed by the Company with the Commission or retained by the
Company under Rule 433. Any such free writing prospectus consented to by the Manager or the Company is hereinafter referred to as a Permitted Free Writing Prospectus. The Company
agrees that (i) it has treated and will treat, as the case may be, each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus as an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus and (ii) it has complied and will comply, as the case may be, with the requirements of Rules 164 and
433 applicable to any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, including in respect of timely filing with the Commission, legending and record keeping.

28

(h)Subsequent Equity Issuances. The Company shall not deliver any Sales Notice hereunder (and any Sales Notice previously delivered shall not apply during such three (3) Business Days) for at
least three (3) Business Days prior to any date on which the Company or any Subsidiary offers, sells, issues, contracts to sell, contracts to issue or otherwise disposes of, directly or indirectly, any other shares of Common Stock or any Common
Stock Equivalents (other than the Shares), subject to Managers right to waive this obligation, provided that, without compliance with the foregoing obligation, the Company may issue and sell Common Stock pursuant to any employee equity plan,
stock ownership plan or dividend reinvestment plan of the Company in effect from time to time and the Company may issue Common Stock issuable upon the conversion or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding from time to time.

(i)Market Manipulation. Until the termination of this Agreement, the Company will not take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that would constitute or that might reasonably be
expected to cause or result in, under the Exchange Act or otherwise, stabilization or manipulation in violation of the Act, Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or
resale of the Shares or otherwise violate any provision of Regulation M under the Exchange Act.

(j)Notification of Incorrect Certificate. The Company will, at any time during the term of this Agreement, as supplemented from time to time, advise the Manager immediately after it shall have
received notice or obtained knowledge thereof, of any information or fact that would alter or affect any opinion, certificate, letter and other document provided to the Manager pursuant to Section 6 herein.

(k)Certification of Accuracy of Disclosure. Upon commencement of the offering of the Shares under this Agreement (and upon the recommencement of the offering of the Shares under this Agreement
following the termination of a suspension of sales hereunder lasting more than thirty (30) Trading Days), and each time that (i) the Registration Statement or Prospectus shall be amended or supplemented, other than by means of Incorporated
Documents, (ii) the Company files its Annual Report on Form 10-K under the Exchange Act, (iii) the Company files its quarterly reports on Form 10-Q under the Exchange Act, (iv) the Company files a Current Report on Form 8-K containing amended
financial information (other than information that is furnished and not filed), if the Manager reasonably determines that the information in such Form 8-K is material, or (v) the Shares are delivered to the Manager as principal at the Time of
Delivery pursuant to a Terms Agreement (such commencement or recommencement date and each such date referred to in (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) and (v) above, a Representation Date), unless
waived by the Manager, the Company shall furnish or cause to be furnished to the Manager forthwith a certificate dated and delivered on the Representation Date, in form reasonably satisfactory to the Manager to the effect that the statements
contained in the certificate referred to in Section 6 of this Agreement which were last furnished to the Manager are true and correct at the Representation Date, as though made at and as of such date (except that such statements shall be deemed
to relate to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus as amended and supplemented to such date) or, in lieu of such certificate, a certificate of the same tenor as the certificate referred to in said Section 6, modified as necessary to
relate to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus as amended and supplemented to the date of delivery of such certificate. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the requirement to provide a certificate under this Section 4(k) shall be waived for
any Representation Date occurring at a time at which no Sales Notice is pending or a suspension is in effect, which waiver shall continue until the earlier to occur of the date the Company delivers a Sales Notice hereunder (which for such
calendar quarter shall be considered a Representation Date) and the next occurring Representation Date on which the Company files its Annual Report on Form 10-K. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) upon the delivery of the first Sales Notice
hereunder and (ii) if the Company subsequently decides to sell Shares following a Representation Date when the Company relied on such waiver and did not provide the Manager with a certificate under this Section 4(k), then before the Manager sells
any Shares, the Company shall provide the Manager with such certificate dated the date of the Sales Notice.

29

(l)Bring Down Opinions; Negative Assurance. Within five (5) Trading Days of each Representation Date for which the Company is obligated to deliver a certification pursuant to Section 4(k),
unless waived by the Manager, the Company shall furnish or cause to be furnished forthwith to the Manager and to counsel to the Manager a written opinion of counsel to the Company (Company Counsel)

addressed to the Manager and dated and delivered within five (5) Trading Days of such Representation Date, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Manager, including a negative assurance representation, provided, however, that the requirement for the Company to furnish or cause to be furnished an opinion (but not with respect to a negative assurance
representation) under this Section 4(l) shall be waived for any Representation Date other than a Representation Date on which a material amendment to the Registration Statement or Prospectus is made or the Company files its Annual Report on Form
10-K or a material amendment thereto under the Exchange Act. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the requirement to provide an opinion nor negative assurance representation under this Section 4(l) shall be waived for any Representation Date occurring
at a time at which no Sales Notice is pending or a suspension is in effect, which waiver shall continue until the earlier to occur of the date the Company delivers a Sales Notice hereunder (which for such calendar quarter shall be considered a
Representation Date) and the next occurring Representation Date on which the Company files is Annual Report on Form 10-K. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) upon the delivery of the first Sales Notice hereunder and (ii) if the Company
subsequently decides to sell Shares following a Representation Date when the Company relied on such waiver and did not provide the Manager with an opinion or negative assurance representation under this Section 4(l), then before the Manager sells
any Shares, the Company shall provide the Manager such opinion or negative assurance representation dated the date of the Sales Notice.

30

(m)Auditor Bring Down Comfort Letter. Within five (5) Trading Days of each Representation Date for which the Company is obligated to deliver a certification pursuant to Section 4(k), unless
waived by the Manager, the Company shall cause (1) the Companys auditors (the Accountants), or other independent accountants satisfactory to the Manager forthwith to furnish the
Manager a letter, and (2) if requested by the Manager, the Principal Financial Officer of the Company forthwith to furnish the Manager a certificate, in each case dated within five (5) Trading Days of such Representation Date, in form reasonably
satisfactory to the Manager, of the same tenor as the letters and certificate referred to in Section 6 of this Agreement but modified to relate to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, as amended and supplemented to the date of such
letters and certificate; provided, however, that the requirement for the Company to furnish or cause to be furnished a
comfort letter under this Section 4(m) shall be waived for any Representation Date other than a Representation Date on which a material amendment to the Registration Statement or Prospectus is made or the Company files its Annual Report on Form
10-K or a material amendment thereto under the Exchange Act. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the requirement to deliver or cause to be delivered one or more letters or certificates under this Section 4(m) shall at the request of the Company be
waived for any Representation Date occurring at a time at which no Sales Notice is pending or a suspension is in effect, which waiver shall continue until the earlier to occur of the date the Company delivers a Sales Notice hereunder (which for
such calendar quarter shall be considered a Representation Date) and the next occurring Representation Date on which the Company files its Annual Report on Form 10-K. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) upon the delivery of the first Sales Notice
hereunder and (ii) if the Company subsequently decides to sell Shares following a Representation Date when the Company relied on such waiver and did not provide the Manager with a letter or certificate under this Section 4(m), then before the
Manager sells any Shares, the Company shall provide the Manager with such letter or certificate dated the date of the Sales Notice.

(n)Due Diligence Session. Upon commencement of the offering of the Shares under this Agreement (and upon the recommencement of the offering of the Shares under this Agreement following the
termination of a suspension of sales hereunder lasting more than thirty (30) Trading Days), and at each Representation Date, unless waived by the Manager, the Company will conduct a due diligence session, in form and substance, reasonably
satisfactory to the Manager, which shall include representatives of management and Accountants. The Company shall cooperate timely with any reasonable due diligence request from or review conducted by the Manager or its agents from time to time
in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including, without limitation, providing information and available documents and access to appropriate corporate officers and the Companys agents during regular business hours,
and timely furnishing or causing to be furnished such certificates, letters and opinions from the Company, its officers and its agents, as the Manager may reasonably request. The Company shall reimburse the Manager for Managers counsels fees in
each such due diligence update session, up to a maximum of $5,000 and $3,500 per update for which the Company is obligated to deliver a certification pursuant to clause (ii) of Section 4(k) and clause (iii) of Section 4(k), respectively, for
which no waiver is applicable, plus any incidental expense incurred by the Manager in connection therewith.

31

(o)Acknowledgment of Trading. The Company consents to the Manager trading in the Common Stock for the Managers own account and for the account of its clients at the same time as sales of the
Shares occur pursuant to this Agreement or pursuant to a Terms Agreement.

(p)Disclosure of Shares Sold. The Company will disclose in its Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, as applicable, the number of Shares sold through the Manager
under this Agreement, the Net Proceeds to the Company and the compensation paid by the Company with respect to sales of Shares pursuant to this Agreement during the relevant quarter; and, if required by any subsequent change in Commission policy
or request, more frequently by means of a Current Report on Form 8-K or a further Prospectus Supplement.

(q)Rescission Right. If to the knowledge of the Company, the conditions set forth in Section 6 shall not have been satisfied as of the applicable Settlement Date, the Company will offer to any
Person who has agreed to purchase Shares from the Company as the result of an offer to purchase solicited by the Manager the right to refuse to purchase and pay for such Shares.

(r)Bring Down of Representations and Warranties. Each acceptance by the Company of an offer to purchase the Shares hereunder, and each execution and delivery by the Company of a Terms
Agreement, shall be deemed to be an affirmation to the Manager that the representations and warranties of the Company contained in or made pursuant to this Agreement are true and correct as of the date of such acceptance or of such Terms
Agreement as though made at and as of such date, and an undertaking that such representations and warranties will be true and correct as of the Settlement Date for the Shares relating to such acceptance or as of the Time of Delivery relating to
such sale, as the case may be, as though made at and as of such date (except that such representations and warranties shall be deemed to relate to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus as amended and supplemented relating to such Shares).

(s)Reservation of Shares. The Company shall ensure that there are at all times sufficient shares of Common Stock to provide for the issuance, free of any preemptive rights, out of its
authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock or shares of Common Stock held in treasury, of the maximum aggregate number of Shares authorized for issuance by the Board pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. The Company will use its
commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Shares to be listed for trading on the Trading Market and to maintain such listing.

(t)Obligation Under Exchange Act. During any period when the delivery of a prospectus relating to the Shares is required (including in circumstances where such requirement may be satisfied
pursuant to Rule 172, 173 or any similar rule) to be delivered under the Act, the Company will file all documents required to be filed with the Commission pursuant to the Exchange Act within the time periods required by the Exchange Act and the
regulations thereunder.

32

(u)DTC Facility. The Company shall cooperate with the Manager and use its commercially reasonable efforts to permit the Shares to be eligible for clearance and settlement through the
facilities of DTC.

(v)Use of Proceeds. The Company will apply the Net Proceeds from the sale of the Shares in the manner set forth in the Prospectus.

(w)Filing of Prospectus Supplement. If any sales are made pursuant to this Agreement which are not made in at the market offerings as defined in Rule 415, including, without limitation, any
Placement pursuant to a Terms Agreement, the Company shall file a Prospectus Supplement describing the terms of such transaction, the amount of Shares sold, the price thereof, the Managers compensation, and such other information as may be
required pursuant to Rule 424 and Rule 430B, as applicable, within the time required by Rule 424.

(x)Additional Registration Statement. To the extent that the Registration Statement is not available for the sales of the Shares as contemplated by this Agreement, the Company shall file a new
registration statement with respect to any additional shares of Common Stock necessary to complete such sales of the Shares and shall cause such registration statement to become effective as promptly as practicable. After the effectiveness of any
such registration statement, all references to Registration Statement included in this Agreement shall be deemed to include such new registration statement, including all documents
incorporated by reference therein pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3, and all references to Base Prospectus included in this Agreement shall be deemed to include the final form of
prospectus, including all documents incorporated therein by reference, included in any such registration statement at the time such registration statement became effective.

33

5.Payment of Expenses. The Company agrees to pay the costs and expenses incident to the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated, including
without limitation: (i) the preparation, printing or reproduction and filing with the Commission of the Registration Statement (including financial statements and exhibits thereto), the Prospectus and each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, and each
amendment or supplement to any of them; (ii) the printing (or reproduction) and delivery (including postage, air freight charges and charges for counting and packaging) of such copies of the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, and each Issuer
Free Writing Prospectus, and all amendments or supplements to any of them, as may, in each case, be reasonably requested for use in connection with the offering and sale of the Shares; (iii) the preparation, printing, authentication, issuance and
delivery of certificates for the Shares, including any stamp or transfer taxes in connection with the original issuance and sale of the Shares; (iv) the printing (or reproduction) and delivery of this Agreement, any blue sky memorandum and all
other agreements or documents printed (or reproduced) and delivered in connection with the offering of the Shares; (v) the registration of the Shares under the Exchange Act, if applicable, and the listing of the Shares on the Trading Market; (vi)
any registration or qualification of the Shares for offer and sale under the securities or blue sky laws of the several states (including filing fees and the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel for the Manager relating to such registration
and qualification); (vii) the transportation and other expenses incurred by or on behalf of Company representatives in connection with presentations to prospective purchasers of the Shares, if applicable; (viii) the fees and expenses of the
Companys accountants and the fees and expenses of counsel (including local and special counsel) for the Company; (ix) the filing fee under FINRA Rule 5110; (x) the reasonable fees and expenses of the Managers counsel, not to exceed $75,000 in
the aggregate (excluding any periodic due diligence fees provided for under Section 4(n)), $50,000 of which shall be paid upon the Execution Time and the remaining $25,000 shall be paid upon the first Settlement Date, which shall be paid upon the
Execution Time; and (xi) all other costs and expenses incident to the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder.

6.Conditions to the Obligations of the Manager. The obligations of the Manager under this Agreement and any Terms Agreement shall be subject to (i) the accuracy of the representations and warranties on the part of the
Company contained herein as of the Execution Time, each Representation Date, and as of each Applicable Time, Settlement Date and Time of Delivery, (ii) the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder and (iii) the following additional
conditions, except as set forth in Section 4(l) and Section 4(m) herein:

(a)Filing of Prospectus Supplement. The Prospectus, and any supplement thereto, required by Rule 424 to be filed with the Commission have been filed in the manner and within the time period
required by Rule 424(b) with respect to any sale of Shares; each Prospectus Supplement shall have been filed in the manner required by Rule 424(b) within the time period required hereunder and under the Act; any other material required to be
filed by the Company pursuant to Rule 433(d) under the Act, shall have been filed with the Commission within the applicable time periods prescribed for such filings by Rule 433; and no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration
Statement or any notice objecting to its use shall have been issued and, to the Companys knowledge, no proceedings for that purpose shall have been instituted or threatened.

(b)Delivery of Opinion. The Company shall have caused the Company Counsel to furnish to the Manager its opinion and negative assurance statement, dated as of such date and addressed to the
Manager in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Manager, which opinions and negative assurance shall be substantially similar to those required under Section 4(l) of this Agreement.

(c)Delivery of Officers Certificate. The Company shall have furnished or caused to be furnished to the Manager a certificate of the Company signed by the Chief Executive Officer or the
President and the principal financial or accounting officer of the Company, dated as of such date, to the effect that the signers of such certificate have carefully examined the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, any Prospectus Supplement
and any documents incorporated by reference therein and any supplements or amendments thereto and this Agreement and that:

34

(i)the representations
and warranties of the Company in this Agreement are true and correct on and as of such date with the same effect as if made on such date and the Company has complied with all the agreements and satisfied all the conditions on its part to be
performed or satisfied at or prior to such date;

(ii)no stop order
suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any notice objecting to its use has been issued and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened; and

(iii)since the date of
the most recent financial statements included in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus and the Incorporated Documents, there has been no Material Adverse Effect on the condition (financial or otherwise), earnings, business or properties of
the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, whether or not arising from transactions in the ordinary course of business, except as set forth in or contemplated in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus.

(d)Delivery of Accountants Comfort Letter. The Company shall have requested and caused the Accountants to have furnished to the Manager letters (which may refer to letters previously
delivered to the Manager), dated as of such date, in form and substance satisfactory to the Manager, confirming that they are independent accountants within the meaning of the Act and the Exchange Act and the respective applicable rules and
regulations adopted by the Commission thereunder and that they have performed a review of any unaudited interim financial information of the Company included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus and
provide customary comfort as to such review in form and substance satisfactory to the Manager.

(e)No Material Adverse Event. Since the respective dates as of which information is disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus and the Incorporated Documents, except as otherwise
stated therein, there shall not have been (i) any change or decrease in previously reported results specified in the letter or letters referred to in paragraph (d) of this Section 6 or (ii) any change, or any development involving a prospective
change, in or affecting the condition (financial or otherwise), earnings, business or properties of the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, whether or not arising from transactions in the ordinary course of business, except as set
forth in or contemplated in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus and the Incorporated Documents (exclusive of any amendment or supplement thereto) the effect of which, in any case referred to in clause (i) or (ii) above, is, in the sole
judgment of the Manager, so material and adverse as to make it impractical or inadvisable to proceed with the offering or delivery of the Shares as contemplated by the Registration Statement (exclusive of any amendment thereof), the Incorporated
Documents and the Prospectus (exclusive of any amendment or supplement thereto).

35

(f)Payment of All Fees. The Company shall have paid the required Commission filing fees relating to the Shares within the time period required by Rule 456(b)(1)(i) of the Act without regard to
the proviso therein and otherwise in accordance with Rules 456(b) and 457(r) of the Act and, if applicable, shall have updated the Calculation of Registration Fee table in accordance with Rule 456(b)(1)(ii) either in a post-effective amendment
to the Registration Statement or on the cover page of a prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b).

(g)No FINRA Objections. FINRA shall not have raised any objection with respect to the fairness and reasonableness of the terms and arrangements under this Agreement.

(h)Shares Listed on Trading Market. The Shares shall have been listed and admitted and authorized for trading on the Trading Market, and satisfactory evidence of such actions shall have been
provided to the Manager.

(i)Other Assurances. Prior to each Settlement Date and Time of Delivery, as applicable, the Company shall have furnished to the Manager such further information, certificates and documents as
the Manager may reasonably request.

If any of the conditions specified in this Section 6 shall not have been fulfilled when and as provided in this Agreement, or if any of the opinions
and certificates mentioned above or elsewhere in this Agreement shall not be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Manager and counsel for the Manager, this Agreement and all obligations of the Manager hereunder may be canceled at, or
at any time prior to, any Settlement Date or Time of Delivery, as applicable, by the Manager. Notice of such cancellation shall be given to the Company in writing or by telephone and confirmed in writing by email.

The documents required to be delivered by this Section 6 shall be delivered to the office of Haynes and Boone, LLP, counsel for the Manager, at 30
Rockefeller Plaza, 26th Floor, New York, New York 10112, email: rick.werner@haynesboone.com, on each such date as provided in this Agreement.

36

7.Indemnification and Contribution.

(a)Indemnification by Company. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Manager, the directors, officers, employees and agents of the Manager and each person who controls the
Manager within the meaning of either the Act or the Exchange Act against any and all losses, claims, damages or liabilities, joint or several, to which they or any of them may become subject under the Act, the Exchange Act or other Federal or
state statutory law or regulation, at common law or otherwise, insofar as such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material
fact contained in the Registration Statement for the registration of the Shares as originally filed or in any amendment thereof, or in the Base Prospectus, any Prospectus Supplement, the Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, or in any
amendment thereof or supplement thereto, or arise out of or are based upon the omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading or arise out of
or are based upon any Proceeding, commenced or threatened (whether or not the Manager is a target of or party to such Proceeding) or result from or relate to any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by
the Company in this Agreement, and agrees to reimburse each such indemnified party for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending any such loss, claim, damage, liability or action; provided, however, that the Company will not be liable in any such case to the extent that any such loss, claim, damage or
liability arises out of or is based upon any such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made therein in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by the Manager
specifically for inclusion therein. This indemnity agreement will be in addition to any liability that the Company may otherwise have.

(b)Indemnification by Manager. The Manager agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, each of its directors, each of its officers who signs the Registration Statement, and each person
who controls the Company within the meaning of either the Act or the Exchange Act, to the same extent as the foregoing indemnity from the Company to the Manager, but only with reference to written information relating to the Manager furnished to
the Company by the Manager specifically for inclusion in the documents referred to in the foregoing indemnity; provided, however,
that in no case shall the Manager be responsible for any amount in excess of the Broker Fee applicable to the Shares and paid hereunder. This indemnity agreement will be in addition to any liability which the Manager may otherwise have.

37

(c)Indemnification Procedures. Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party under this Section 7 of notice of the commencement of any action, such indemnified party will, if a claim in
respect thereof is to be made against the indemnifying party under this Section 7, notify the indemnifying party in writing of the commencement thereof; but the failure so to notify the indemnifying party (i) will not relieve it from liability
under paragraph (a) or (b) above unless and to the extent it did not otherwise learn of such action and such failure results in the forfeiture by the indemnifying party of substantial rights and defenses and (ii) will not, in any event, relieve
the indemnifying party from any obligations to any indemnified party other than the indemnification obligation provided in paragraph (a) or (b) above. The indemnifying party shall be entitled to appoint counsel of the indemnifying partys choice
at the indemnifying partys expense to represent the indemnified party in any action for which indemnification is sought (in which case the indemnifying party shall not thereafter be responsible for the fees and expenses of any separate counsel
retained by the indemnified party or parties except as set forth below); provided, however, that such counsel shall be
reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party. Notwithstanding the indemnifying partys election to appoint counsel to represent the indemnified party in an action, the indemnified party shall have the right to employ separate counsel
(including local counsel), and the indemnifying party shall bear the reasonable fees, costs and expenses of such separate counsel if (i) the use of counsel chosen by the indemnifying party to represent the indemnified party would present such
counsel with a conflict of interest, (ii) the actual or potential defendants in, or targets of, any such action include both the indemnified party and the indemnifying party and the indemnified party shall have reasonably concluded that there may
be legal defenses available to it and/or other indemnified parties which are different from or additional to those available to the indemnifying party, (iii) the indemnifying party shall not have employed counsel reasonably satisfactory to the
indemnified party to represent the indemnified party within a reasonable time after notice of the institution of such action or (iv) the indemnifying party shall authorize the indemnified party to employ separate counsel at the expense of the
indemnifying party. An indemnifying party will not, without the prior written consent of the indemnified parties, settle or compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment with respect to any pending or threatened claim, action, suit or
proceeding in respect of which indemnification or contribution may be sought hereunder (whether or not the indemnified parties are actual or potential parties to such claim or action) unless such settlement, compromise or consent includes an
unconditional release of each indemnified party from all liability arising out of such claim, action, suit or proceeding.

38

(d)Contribution. In the event that the indemnity provided in paragraph (a), (b) or (c) of this Section 7 is unavailable to or insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified party for any reason,
the Company and the Manager agree to contribute to the aggregate losses, claims, damages and liabilities (including legal or other expenses reasonably incurred in connection with investigating or defending the same) (collectively Losses) to which the Company and the Manager may be subject in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and by the Manager
on the other from the offering of the Shares; provided, however, that in no case shall the Manager be responsible for any
amount in excess of the Broker Fee applicable to the Shares and paid hereunder. If the allocation provided by the immediately preceding sentence is unavailable for any reason, the Company and the Manager severally shall contribute in such
proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only such relative benefits but also the relative fault of the Company on the one hand and of the Manager on the other in connection with the statements or omissions which resulted in such Losses as
well as any other relevant equitable considerations. Benefits received by the Company shall be deemed to be equal to the total net proceeds from the offering (before deducting expenses) received by it, and benefits received by the Manager shall
be deemed to be equal to the Broker Fee applicable to the Shares and paid hereunder as determined by this Agreement. Relative fault shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any untrue or any alleged untrue statement of a
material fact or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information provided by the Company on the one hand or the Manager on the other, the intent of the parties and their relative knowledge, access to information
and opportunity to correct or prevent such untrue statement or omission. The Company and the Manager agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution were determined by pro rata allocation or any other method of allocation which does
not take account of the equitable considerations referred to above. Notwithstanding the provisions of this paragraph (d), no person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Act) shall be entitled to
contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. For purposes of this Section 7, each person who controls the Manager within the meaning of either the Act or the Exchange Act and each director, officer,
employee and agent of the Manager shall have the same rights to contribution as the Manager, and each person who controls the Company within the meaning of either the Act or the Exchange Act, each officer of the Company who shall have signed the
Registration Statement and each director of the Company shall have the same rights to contribution as the Company, subject in each case to the applicable terms and conditions of this paragraph (d).

8.Termination.

(a)The Company shall
have the right, by giving written notice as hereinafter specified, to terminate the provisions of this Agreement relating to the solicitation of offers to purchase the Shares in its sole discretion at any time upon five (5) Business Days prior
written notice. Any such termination shall be without liability of any party to any other party except that (i) with respect to any pending sale, through the Manager for the Company, the obligations of the Company, including in respect of
compensation of the Manager, shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding the termination and (ii) the provisions of Sections 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 12, the second sentence of 13, 14 and 15 of this Agreement shall remain in full force and
effect notwithstanding such termination.

(b)The Manager shall
have the right, by giving written notice as hereinafter specified, to terminate the provisions of this Agreement relating to the solicitation of offers to purchase the Shares in its sole discretion at any time. Any such termination shall be
without liability of any party to any other party except that the provisions of Sections 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 12, the second sentence of 13, 14 and 15 of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding such termination.

39

(c)This Agreement shall
remain in full force and effect until such date that this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Sections 8(a) or (b) above or otherwise by mutual agreement of the parties, provided that any such termination by mutual agreement shall in all cases be
deemed to provide that Sections 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 12, the second sentence of 13, 14 and 15 of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.

(d)Any termination of
this Agreement shall be effective on the date specified in such notice of termination, provided that such termination shall not be effective until the close of business on the date of receipt of such notice by the Manager or the Company, as the
case may be. If such termination shall occur prior to the Settlement Date or Time of Delivery for any sale of the Shares, such sale of the Shares shall settle in accordance with the provisions of Section 2(b) of this Agreement.

(e)In the case of any
purchase of Shares by the Manager pursuant to a Terms Agreement, the obligations of the Manager pursuant to such Terms Agreement shall be subject to termination, in the absolute discretion of the Manager, by prompt oral notice given to the
Company prior to the Time of Delivery relating to such Shares, if any, and confirmed promptly by electronic mail, if since the time of execution of the Terms Agreement and prior to such delivery and payment, (i) trading in the Common Stock shall
have been suspended by the Commission or the Trading Market or trading in securities generally on the Trading Market shall have been suspended or limited or minimum prices shall have been established on such exchange, (ii) a banking moratorium
shall have been declared either by Federal or New York State authorities or (iii) there shall have occurred any outbreak or escalation of hostilities, declaration by the United States of a national emergency or war, or other calamity or crisis
the effect of which on financial markets is such as to make it, in the sole judgment of the Manager, impractical or inadvisable to proceed with the offering or delivery of the Shares as contemplated by the Prospectus (exclusive of any amendment
or supplement thereto).

9.Representations and Indemnities to Survive. The respective agreements, representations, warranties, indemnities and other statements of the Company or its officers and of the Manager set forth in or made pursuant to this
Agreement will remain in full force and effect, regardless of any investigation made by the Manager or the Company or any of the officers, directors, employees, agents or controlling persons referred to in Section 7, and will survive delivery of
and payment for the Shares.

10.Notices. All communications hereunder will be in writing and effective only on receipt, and will be mailed, delivered, or e-mailed to the addresses of the Company and the Manager, respectively, set forth on the signature
page hereto.

11.Successors. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective successors and the officers, directors, employees, agents and controlling persons referred to in
Section 7, and no other person will have any right or obligation hereunder.

40

12.No Fiduciary Duty. The Company hereby acknowledges that (a) the purchase and sale of the Shares pursuant to this Agreement is an arms-length commercial transaction between the Company, on the one hand, and the Manager
and any affiliate through which it may be acting, on the other, (b) the Manager is acting solely as sales agent and/or principal in connection with the purchase and sale of the Companys securities and not as a fiduciary of the Company and (c)
the Companys engagement of the Manager in connection with the offering and the process leading up to the offering is as independent contractors and not in any other capacity. Furthermore, the Company agrees that it is solely responsible for
making its own judgments in connection with the offering (irrespective of whether the Manager has advised or is currently advising the Company on related or other matters). The Company agrees that it will not claim that the Manager has rendered
advisory services of any nature or respect, or owe an agency, fiduciary or similar duty to the Company, in connection with such transaction or the process leading thereto.

13.Integration. This Agreement and any Terms Agreement supersede all prior agreements and understandings (whether written or oral) between the Company and the Manager with respect to the subject matter hereof.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the letter agreement, dated February 12, 2025, by and between the Company and the Manager shall continue to be effective and the terms therein shall continue to survive and be enforceable by the
Manager in accordance with its terms, provided that, in the event of a conflict between the terms of the letter agreement and this Agreement, the terms of the letter agreement shall prevail.

14.Amendments; Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in the case of an amendment, by the Company and the Manager. No waiver of any
default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof,
nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right.

41

15.Applicable Law. This Agreement and any Terms Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York applicable to contracts made and to be performed within the State of New York. 
Each of the Company and the Manager: (i) agrees that any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be instituted exclusively in New York Supreme Court, County of New York, or in the United States District
Court for the Southern District of New York, (ii) waives any objection which it may have or hereafter to the venue of any such suit, action or proceeding, and (iii) irrevocably consents to the exclusive jurisdiction of the New York Supreme Court,
County of New York, and the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York in any such suit, action or proceeding. Each of the Company and the Manager further agrees to accept and acknowledge service of any and all process
which may be served in any such suit, action or proceeding in the New York Supreme Court, County of New York, or in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York and agrees that service of process upon the Company mailed
by certified mail to the Companys address shall be deemed in every respect effective service of process upon the Company, in any such suit, action or proceeding, and service of process upon the Manager mailed by certified mail to the Managers
address shall be deemed in every respect effective service process upon the Manager, in any such suit, action or proceeding. If either party shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provision of this Agreement, then the prevailing
party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

16.WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. THE COMPANY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR
RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY TERMS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY.

17.Counterparts. This Agreement and any Terms Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each one of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon one and the
same agreement. Counterparts may be delivered via electronic mail (including any electronic signature covered by the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, the Electronic Signatures and Records Act or other
applicable law, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes.

18.Headings. The section headings used in this Agreement and any Terms Agreement are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof.

***************************

42

If the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding of our agreement, please sign and return to us the enclosed duplicate hereof, whereupon this
letter and your acceptance shall represent a binding agreement among the Company and the Manager.

Very truly yours,

BIONANO GENOMICS, INC. 

By: R. Erik Holmlin, Ph.D. 

Name:

R. Erik Holmlin, Ph.D. 

Title:

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Address for Notice: 

9540 Towne Centre Drive 

Suite 100 

San Diego, CA 92121 

The foregoing Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted as of the date first written above.

H.C. WAINWRIGHT & CO., LLC 

By: /s/ Mark W. Viklund 

Name: Mark W. Viklund 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

Address for Notice: 

430 Park Avenue, 3rd Floor 

New York, New York 10022 

Attention: Chief Executive Officer 

Email: notices@hcwco.com 

43

Form of Terms Agreement

ANNEX I

BIONANO GENOMICS, INC.

TERMS AGREEMENT

Dear Sirs:

Bionano Genomics, Inc. (the Company) proposes, subject to the terms and conditions
stated herein and in the At The Market Offering Agreement, dated February 21, 2025 (the At The Market Offering Agreement), between the Company and H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC (Manager), to issue and sell to Manager the securities specified in the Schedule I hereto (the Purchased Shares).

Each of the provisions of the At The Market Offering Agreement not specifically related to the solicitation by the
Manager, as agent of the Company, of offers to purchase securities is incorporated herein by reference in its entirety, and shall be deemed to be part of this Terms Agreement to the same extent as if such provisions had been set forth in full
herein. Each of the representations and warranties set forth therein shall be deemed to have been made at and as of the date of this Terms Agreement and the Time of Delivery, except that each representation and warranty in Section 3 of the At The
Market Offering Agreement which makes reference to the Prospectus (as therein defined) shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty as of the date of the At The Market Offering Agreement in relation to the Prospectus, and also a
representation and warranty as of the date of this Terms Agreement and the Time of Delivery in relation to the Prospectus as amended and supplemented to relate to the Purchased Shares.

An amendment to the Registration Statement (as defined in the At The Market Offering Agreement), or a supplement to
the Prospectus, as the case may be, relating to the Purchased Shares, in the form heretofore delivered to the Manager is now proposed to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the At The Market Offering Agreement which are
incorporated herein by reference, the Company agrees to issue and sell to the Manager and the latter agrees to purchase from the Company the number of shares of the Purchased Shares at the time and place and at the purchase price set forth in the Schedule I hereto.

44

If the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding, please sign and return to us a counterpart hereof, whereupon
this Terms Agreement, including those provisions of the At The Market Offering Agreement incorporated herein by reference, shall constitute a binding agreement between the Manager and the Company.

BIONANO GENOMICS, INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

ACCEPTED as of the date first written above.

H.C. WAINWRIGHT & CO., LLC 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

45
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>bngo-20250221.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>bngo-20250221_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Amendment Flag 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>bngo-20250221_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>image0.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Feb. 21, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 21, 2025

Entity File Number 001-38613

Entity Registrant Name Bionano Genomics, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001411690

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Tax Identification Number 26-1756290

Entity Address, Address Line One 9540 Towne Centre Drive

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 100

Entity Address, City or Town San Diego

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 92121

City Area Code 858

Local Phone Number 888-7600

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share

Trading Symbol BNGO

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://bionanogenomics.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

bngo-20250221.xsd 
bngo-20250221_lab.xml 
bngo-20250221_pre.xml 
ef20043949_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001140361-25-005427-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>ef20043949_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001411690 

2025-02-21 
2025-02-21 

false 
0001411690 
NASDAQ 
8-K 
2025-02-21 
Bionano Genomics, Inc. 
DE 
001-38613 
26-1756290 
9540 Towne Centre Drive 
Suite 100 
San Diego 
CA 
92121 
858 
888-7600 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share 
BNGO 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>