<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001515971-25-000015.txt : 20250310
<SEC-HEADER>0001515971-25-000015.hdr.sgml : 20250310
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250310170931
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001515971-25-000015
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240122
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250310
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250310

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			KonaTel, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000845819
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMMUNICATION SERVICES, NEC [4899]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				800973608
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10171
		FILM NUMBER:		25724736

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 N. CENTRAL EXPRESSWAY, SUITE 202
		CITY:			PLANO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75074
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(214) 323-8410

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 N. CENTRAL EXPRESSWAY, SUITE 202
		CITY:			PLANO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75074

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DALA PETROLEUM CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140902

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WESTCOTT PRODUCTS CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19890124
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K/A
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ktel8ka030425.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K/A
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?KonaTel, Inc.

trueAmendment #1000084581900008458192024-01-222024-01-22iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K/A-1

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF

THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of earliest event reported: January 22, 2024

KonaTel, Inc.

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

N/A

(Former name or address, if changed since last report)

Delaware 001-10171 80-0973608

(State or Other Jurisdiction

Of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification Number)

500 N. Central Expressway, Suite 202

Plano, Texas75074

(Address of Principal
Executive Offices, Including Zip Code)

(214)323-8410

(Registrants
Telephone Number, Including Area Code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously
satisfy the filing obligation of the Registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) 

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) 

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None.

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is an
emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
and Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark
if the Registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS

This Current Report contains forward-looking statements
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements
by the following words: anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate,
expect, intend, may, ongoing, plan, potential, predict,
project, should, will, would or the negative of these terms or other comparable
terminology, although not all forward-looking statements contain these words. Forward-looking statements are not a guarantee of future
performance or results and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the times at, or by, which such performance or results will
be achieved. Forward-looking statements are based on information available at the time the statements are made and involve known and unknown
risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different
from the information expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements in this Current Report. We cannot assure you that the forward-looking
statements in this Current Report will prove to be accurate, and therefore, prospective investors are encouraged not to place undue reliance
on forward-looking statements. You should carefully read this Current Report completely, and it should be read and considered with all
other reports filed by us with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC). Other than as required by
law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements, even though our situation may change in the future.

EXPLANATORY NOTES

Except as otherwise indicated by context, references
to the Company, we, our, us and words of similar import refer to KonaTel,
Inc., a Delaware corporation, formerly named Dala Petroleum Corp., which is the Registrant (KonaTel), and our wholly-owned
subsidiaries, KonaTel, Inc., a Nevada corporation (KonaTel Nevada); and Apeiron Systems, Inc., a Nevada corporation (Apeiron
Systems). Our 51% owned subsidiary, IM Telecom, LLC, an Oklahoma limited liability company doing business as Infiniti Mobile,
is referenced herein as IM Telecom or Infiniti Mobile.

Section 1 - Registrants Business and Operations

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Membership Interest Purchase Agreement

On January 22, 2024 (the Effective
Date), KonaTel and IM Telecom entered into a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement) with
Excess Telecom, Inc., a Nevada corporation (Excess Telecom). Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, KonaTel agreed to sell
a membership interest in IM Telecom (the Membership Interest) to Excess Telecom; initially 49% (the Initial Closing),
with the remaining 51% (the Final Closing) subject to final change of control approval by the United States Federal Communications
Commission (the FCC). The Purchase Agreement required that $1,000,000 of the sale proceeds paid to KonaTel at the Initial
Closing Date be held by Excess Telecom and retained pending resolution of certain liabilities of IM Telecom and the performance
of certain obligations of KonaTel following the Initial Closing Date (the Holdback Provisions). These liabilities and obligations
generally included the resolution of non-material potential infractions of which IM Telecom had been notified of by the FCC, the assignment
of real estate leases from IM Telecom to KonaTel and any present or future employment or tax matters that arose prior to or after the
Initial Closing Date. The Holdback Provisions included a process for the parties to agree upon a closing settlement statement to address
any charges, fees, taxes or penalties that may arise within 180 days of the Initial Closing Date and upon final settlement by the parties,
any remaining funds held under the Holdback Provision would be paid to KonaTel. As IM Telecom has not had any material issues related
to these matters, a partial release of $150,000 of the $1,000,000 holdback is being released to IM Telecom. As part of an ongoing cadence,
the parties have agreed to a review each quarter for additional holdback releases.

The ACP Connectivity Program of
the FCC terminated on June 1, 2024, and was not renewed by the United States Congress prior to December 31, 2024.

Additional agreements were
also executed by the parties at the Initial Closing Date of the Purchase Agreement, including a Management Service Agreement, a
Master Distribution Agreement and an Amended and Restated Operating Agreement (collectively, the Transaction
Documents). Certain of these Transaction Documents have been amended or

2

restated by signature
dated March 4, 2025, but effective and of the date or dates set forth at the beginning of each of the referenced Transaction Documents
and copies of which accompany this Current Report in Section 9 Financial Statements and Exhibits, Item 9.01 Financial Statements
and Exhibits, and are incorporated herein.

For additional information on
the initial Transaction Documents, see our 8-K Current Report of dated January 22, 2024, and filed with the SEC on January 30, 2024, which
is attached hereto in Hyperlink in Section 9 Financial Statements and Exhibits, Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits, and
which is incorporated herein.

IM Telecom and Excess Telecom
have been working together to establish best practices in compliance and building an expanded Eligible Telecommunications Carrier (ETC)
footprint in the United States. In addition to our approved Federal Compliance Plan, IM Telecom has increased its state-authorized ETC
approvals and is now approved in 40 states. Although these state approvals are complete, IM Telecom is currently awaiting FCC delivery
of several Original Equipment Codes (SACs) to begin operating in the additional states.

Amended or Restated Transaction Documents

Amended and Restated Management
Services Agreement

The primary purpose for amending the original Management
Services Agreement (the MSA) is to further specify items that concur with the intent to operate IM Telecom in compliance
with FCC regulations and to ensure continuity of our working relationship with Excess Telecom during the process of FCC approval.

IM Telecom and Excess Telecom have been working collaboratively
while awaiting FCC change of control approval. We remain committed to compliance in all areas of our business. The Amended and Restated
Management Services Agreement has been updated to include several items. These items include specific termination language, cure period
language and the establishment of a sunset term in the event of an MSA termination. Schedule A was added to specify compensation
for services rendered under the original MSA.

As written in Section 2(vii), the Company shall have
final authority and responsibility on all regulatory, legality and compliance issues, including initial enrollment standards, customer
transfers and submission of claims for federal or state reimbursements from USAC or any other governmental body or the administrator for
such governmental bodies; provided, that all such activities shall be undertaken in a commercially prudent manner and the Manager shall
not take any actions that would cause the Compliance Plan, ETC Designations or ACP approval to be terminated, suspended or otherwise lapse.
USAC stands for the Universal Service Administration Company, which is a not-for profit corporation that manages the FCCs
Universal Service Fund (respectively, USAC and USF).

Excess Telecom Master Distribution
Agreement

Dated as of February 8, 2024, the parties formalized
their working relationship by adding a Master Distribution Agreement, wherein Excess Telecom has been and continues to be a master distributor
of IM Telecom until final change of control approval from the FCC and the final closing of the Transaction Documents is completed. The
original Purchase Agreement predetermines a Master Distribution Agreement (MDA) whereby KonaTel, DBA Infiniti Mobile, becomes
the non-exclusive master distributor under IM Telecom upon FCC final change of control approval and the final closing of the Purchase
Agreement. Each MDA identifies the duties for each party under the MDA to act in a legal, professional and ethical manner and in compliance
with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and orders.

Second Amended and Restated
Operating Agreement of IM Telecom

Only minor and non-material modifications were made
to the existing IM Telecom Amended and Restated Operating Agreement to align with our ongoing business practices used since the inception
of the execution of the Transaction Documents.

3

Section 9 Financial Statements and
Exhibits

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits:

Exhibit No. Description of Exhibit

10.2 Amended and Restated Management Services Agreement

10.3 Master Distribution Agreement

10.4 Second Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of IM Telecom

8-K Current Report of the Company dated January 22, 2024, and filed with the SEC on January 30, 2024, regarding the Transaction Documents between the Company and Excess.

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, the Company has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

KonaTel, Inc.

Date: March 10, 2025 By: /s/ D. Sean McEwen

D. Sean McEwen

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>exhibit102.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

Exhibit 10.2

AMENDED AND RESTATED MANAGEMENT SERVICES AGREEMENT

THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED
MANAGEMENT SERVICES AGREEMENT (this Management Agreement), dated as of February 8, 2025 (the Agreement Date),
and effective as of January 22, 2024, is made pursuant to Section 22 of the Original MSA (defined below) (such date of January 22, 2024
being the Effective Date as such term is used herein), is hereby entered into by and among IM Telecom, LLC, an Oklahoma
limited liability company (hereafter the Company); KonaTel, Inc., a Delaware corporation (KonaTel); and Excess
Telecom, Inc., a Nevada corporation (hereinafter the Manager). The Company, KonaTel and the Manager may be referred to
herein collectively as the Parties or individually as a Party

WHEREAS, the Company is
engaged in the business of providing wireless phone and broadband services to low-income customers which qualify for the Federal Communications
Commission (FCC) Lifeline Program which is administered by the Universal Service Administrative Company (USAC)
pursuant to authorizations, certificates, designations, and registrations from the FCC and currently thirty-seven (37) states (collectively,
the Lifeline Business);

WHEREAS, pursuant to approvals
from the FCC and USAC, the Company has been engaged in the business of providing wireless phone and broadband services to low-income customers
which qualify for the Affordable Connectivity Program (the ACP Business);

WHEREAS, pursuant to the
terms and conditions of a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement by and among KonaTel (as the sole member of the Company), the Company
and the Manager effective as of the Effective Date (the Purchase Agreement), the Manager is purchasing all the issued and
outstanding ownership/membership interests of the Company (the Transaction);

WHEREAS, the Final Closing
of the Transaction is contingent upon approval by: (1) the FCC, including a revised Compliance Plan and (2) state public utility commissions
for transfer of control of the ETC designations and the Wireless Approvals (collectively the Government Approvals);

WHEREAS, the Parties desire
to enter into this Management Agreement pursuant to which Manager will provide certain management services to the Company as such services
are detailed herein until the Final Closing as set forth in the Purchase Agreement consistent with the Applicable Telecommunications
Laws and Regulations, as defined herein;

WHEREAS, the Parties previously
entered into that Management Services Agreement dated as of the Initial Closing under the Purchase Agreement (the Original MSA);
and

WHEREAS, the Parties now
wish to amend and restate the Original MSA in order to clarify certain matters for the purposes of compliance with law in accordance with
the reformation provisions of Section 22 of the Original MSA.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the above recitals and mutual promises and covenants contained herein, the Parties, intending to be legally bound, hereby amend and
restate the Original MSA in its entirety, and agree as follows:

1.Definitions.

(a)Regulated Assets shall mean (a) the Companys Lifeline and ACP subscribers (the Subscribers);
(b) all enrollment applications, billing, usage, verifications, transfer consents, customer support and other books and records evidencing
or relating to the Subscribers; (c) FCC Compliance Plan approval (the Compliance Plan); (d) current and future state Eligible
Telecommunications Carrier designations (ETC Designations); (e) state wireless registrations (Wireless Approvals);
(f) and authorizations to transact business (SOS approvals); and (g) FCC domestic authorizations, including ACP approvals.

(b)Applicable Telecommunications Laws and Regulations shall mean the Federal Communications Act of 1934, as amended,
regulations or case law of the FCC, applicable state telecommunications laws, and applicable regulations and case law of state public
utility commissions.

(c)Distribution-Channel End User means any subscriber enrolled with IM Telecom in the Lifeline or ACP programs by Manager
in its role as a distributor under any Distribution Agreement between the Manager (as the distributor thereunder) and the Company. For
avoidance of doubt, no Infiniti Mobile Channel End User is a Distribution-Channel End User and all end users remain customers of the Company
regardless of enrollment channel.

(d)Infiniti Mobile Channel End Users means the customers of the Company as of the Effective Date hereof and any other
end user in the Lifeline Business or ACP Business of the Company procured by the Company or KonaTel under the Infiniti Mobile DBA/brand
of the Company.

2.Appointment and Provision of Services. In exchange for the Compensation defined in Section 5 herein, the Company hereby
appoints the Manager to perform the following services at the Companys sole cost and expense, in consideration of the covenants
and agreements of the Company set forth in this Agreement (collectively, the Services):

(a)Manager will sell wireless mobile and broadband connectivity service to Company to resell to Distribution-Channel End Users in
support of Companys provision of the Lifeline services.

(b)Without limiting the generality of any provision of the Purchase Agreement, during the Management Period (as defined below), and
subject to Section 2, below, the Manager shall:

(i) manage, at the direction
and supervision of the Company, the Lifeline Business and the ACP Business (hereinafter collectively the Business).

(ii) cooperate with and
aid the Company with whatever actions the Company

2

is required to take in order to obtain or maintain
regulatory compliance under applicable laws, including without limitation, the Federal Communications Act of 1934, as amended; regulations
or case law of the FCC and Applicable Telecommunications Laws and Regulations.

(iii) support the Company
and KonaTel in the application for applicable licenses, registrations and eligible telecommunications carrier (ETC) designations
in the states for which purposes the Manager and the Company appoint the Law Office of Lance J.M. Steinhart, P.C. to prepare all necessary
applications, submissions and responses subject to review, supervision, and express consent of the Company and the Manager.

(iv) with respect to Distribution-Chain
End Users, provide and manage, on the Companys behalf and at the direction and supervision of the Company, the services and products
of an Operations Support System (OSS) provider, a compliance and billing provider, a tax service provider, legal and regulatory
affairs provider(s), call center to provide customer care and support, and providers of other administrative duties, and ensure that these
providers comply with all requirements, including the Applicable Telecommunications Laws and Regulations, and including without limitation
the sending of non-usage alerts to Distribution-Chain End Users on IM Telecoms behalf and ensuring that customers required to be
de-enrolled for non-usage or other reasons are de-enrolled as required.

(v) provide all required
data and commentary in support of the preparation of all applications, submissions, correspondence, reports, and other documents that
are required to be filed with any governmental authority or any other Person with respect to the Companys Business, other than
tax returns (collectively Required Filings) and for the payment of any and all liabilities arising in connection therewith.
In connection with the preparation of Required Filings, including, without limitation, any extension of time within which to file any
Required Filings associated with the Companys Business, the Manager shall coordinate the preparation and review of the same with
the Company for filing by the Company (and such accountants, auditors and other Persons (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) designated
by the Company).

(vi) support the reconciliation
of revenues collected related to the Companys Business and prepare the monthly certification of claims for reimbursement for Lifeline
subscribers for submission by Company with USAC and the relevant state administrators.

(vii) Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary in this Management Agreement, the Purchase Agreement or the Master Distribution Agreement, the Company shall have final
authority and responsibility on all regulatory, legality and compliance issues, including initial enrollment standards, customer transfers
and submission of claims for federal or state reimbursements from USAC or any other governmental body or the administrator for such governmental
bodies; provided, that all such activities shall be undertaken in a commercially prudent manner and Manager shall not take any actions
that would cause the Compliance Plan, ETC Designations or ACP approval to be terminated, suspended or otherwise lapse.

3.Responsibilities of the Company. Without limiting the generality of Section 1, above, or any provision of the Purchase Agreement,
during the Management Period, the Company shall:

3

(a) provide Manager with access to all financial, subscriber and other information and materials regarding the operation of the Company
during the Management Period in its possession or under its control that Manager may request in connection with the provision of the Services;

(b)provide Manager with full and unencumbered access to all policies, procedures, data and programs of the Company for program compliance
review and shall consider in an expedited timeline manner any new or updated policies, procedures or programs reasonably recommended by
Manager for compliance with Applicable Telecommunications Laws and Regulations;

(c)procure from Manager network capacity adequate to enable Companys delivery of the Lifeline services to Distribution-Channel
End Users;

(d)be solely responsible for the performance of the Companys obligations under any current vendor contracts regarding the Business
and the maintenance of the Companys relationships with its customers, agents, carriers, providers and suppliers;

(e)with respect to Infiniti Mobile Channel End Users, provide and manage:

i. network capacity for the provision of wireless voice and data services pursuant to the applicable customer
agreements and the Applicable Telecommunications Laws and Regulations;

ii. the services and products of an Operations Support System (OSS) provider, a compliance and
billing provider, a tax service provider, legal and regulatory affairs provider(s), call center to provide customer care and support,
and providers of other administrative duties and ensure that these providers comply with all requirements, including the Applicable Telecommunications
Laws, and including without limitation the sending of non-usage alerts to Infiniti Mobile Channel End Users on IM Telecoms behalf
and ensuring that such customers required to be de-enrolled for non-usage or other reasons are de-enrolled as required.

(f)cooperate and consult with the Manager on actions the Company is required to take in order to obtain or maintain regulatory compliance
under applicable laws, including without limitation, the Federal Communications Act of 1934, as amended; regulations or case law of the
FCC and Applicable Telecommunications Laws and Regulations and implementation of standard operating procedures, including compliance procedures;

(g)cooperate and consult with the Manager on the application for applicable licenses, registrations and eligible telecommunications
carrier (ETC) designations (provided, that the cost of processing such applications shall be the responsibility of Manager);

(h)except for the expenses to be paid by Manager hereunder and under the Purchase Agreement, pay all expenses related to the Company's
Business to the extent or proportion incurred by the Company for servicing and maintaining the Infiniti Mobile Channel End Users;

4

(i) provide Manager with access to view financial statements and accounts of the Company;

(j)provide Manager with copies of all material correspondence and communications relating to the Company (excluding any attorney-client
materials or materials that predate the Effective Date and which KonaTel reasonably deems to be confidential), including, without limitation,
communications with governmental authorities (which in no event may be deemed confidential);

(k)communicate with third parties as reasonably requested by Manager, including responding to their inquiries, requests and correspondence
(excluding any attorney-client materials or materials that predate the Effective Date and which KonaTel reasonably deems to be confidential);
and

(l)remain responsible for the preparation and filing of any and all tax returns that are required to be filed with any governmental
authority with respect to the Companys Business (collectively Tax Returns) and for the payment of any and all liabilities
arising in connection therewith. In connection with the preparation of Tax Returns, including, without limitation, any extension of time
within which to file any Tax Return associated with the Companys Business, the Company shall coordinate the preparation, review
and filing of the same with Manager (and such accountants, auditors and other persons designated by Manager).

4.Limitation of Liability. [THIS SECTION IS SOLELY IN APPLICATION TO THE MANAGER UNDER THIS AGREEMENT. THE REVISIONS ARE NON
SEQUITUR, AND COVERED IN THE OPERATING AGREEMENT.]

(a) No Liability For Lost Profits. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in no event, other than as a
result of the Managers sole gross negligence or willful misconduct (and for avoidance of doubt, excluding any contributory liability),
shall Manager, its principals and affiliates, and their respective members, managers, shareholders, directors, officers, spouses, heirs,
beneficiaries, trustees, employees, contractors, agents, or representatives, or any of the respective successors or assigns of the foregoing
parties (each a Manager Indemnitee, and collectively, the Manager Indemnitees), be liable for lost profit,
lost revenue or any other form of indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages of the Company or KonaTel, even if
Manager or a Manager Indemnitee has been informed of the possibility of such indirect damages.

(b) No Fiduciary Duty. This Agreement is not intended to, and does not, create or impose any fiduciary duty
on any Manager Indemnitee. Furthermore, to the fullest extent enforceable under applicable law, each of KonaTel and the Company hereby
waives any and all fiduciary duties that, absent such waiver, may be implied by applicable law, and in doing so, acknowledges and agrees
that the duties and obligation of each Manager Indemnitee to the Company are only as expressly set forth in this Agreement. To the extent
that the provision of this Agreement restrict the duties and liabilities of a

5

Manager Indemnitee otherwise existing
at law or in equity, such provisions of this Agreement are agreed by the KonaTel and the Company to replace such other duties and liabilities
of such Indemnitee. Whenever in this Agreement a Manager Indemnitee is permitted or required to make a decision (including a decision
that is in such Manager Indemnitees discretion or under a grant of similar authority or latitude), the Manager Indemnitee
shall be entitled to consider only such interests and factors as such Manager Indemnitee desires, including its own interests, and shall
have no duty or obligation to give any consideration to any interest of or factors affecting the Company or any other Person. Whenever
in this Agreement a Manager Indemnitee is permitted or required to make a decision in such Manager Indemnitees good faith,
the Manager Indemnitee shall act under such express standard and shall not be subject to any other or different standard imposed by this
Agreement or any other applicable law.

5.Compensation. During the Management Period, the Company shall remit to the Manager those amounts distributable pursuant
to Schedule A hereto.

6.Independent Contractor Status. Manager is an independent contractor in the performance of the Services under this Management
Agreement and shall determine the method, details and means of performing the Services in accordance with this Agreement. Without limiting
the generality of the foregoing, Manager shall be permitted, in its sole discretion and sole expense, to (i) enter into and perform contracts
and agreements on behalf of itself in its own name for the furnishing of Services, equipment, parts and supplies in connection with the
Services, and (ii) recruit and hire its own employees (and to terminate the services of such employees) and independent contractors to
provide the Services. Manager shall establish the terms and conditions of employment for its employees and shall pay all salaries and
other compensation due to such employees. It is expressly understood and agreed that the Parties are not partners or joint venturers,
and nothing contained herein is intended to create an agency relationship or a partnership or joint venture. Neither KonaTel nor any of
its Affiliates (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) is an agent of Manager or any of its Affiliates and has any authority to represent
Manager or any of its Affiliates as to any matters, except as authorized in this Agreement or in writing by Manager from time to time.
Neither Manager nor any of its Affiliates (a) is an agent of KonaTel or any of its Affiliates or (b) has any authority to represent KonaTel
or any of its Affiliates as to any matters, except as authorized in this Agreement or in writing by KonaTel from time to time.

7.Management Period. As used in this Management Agreement, the term Management Period shall mean the period
commencing on the Effective Date and ending on the earlier to occur of: (a) Final Closing under the Purchase Agreement (i.e. to occur
upon receipt of all Closing Approvals (as defined in the Purchase Agreement)) of (i) the FCC, including the revised Compliance Plan; and
(ii) the ETC Designations); and (b) the ninety ninth (99th) anniversary of the Effective Date of this Management Agreement,
unless extended or terminated by mutual agreement of the Parties.

6

8.Termination,

(a) Termination Procedure. The Company may terminate this Agreement upon written notice (a Termination
Notice) following the Cure Period (defined below), if following the date of this Agreement, the Manager willfully or knowingly
(i) materially breaches any obligation the Manager contained in this Agreement, which conduct imposes a Material Liability on Company
and which is not promptly paid by the Manager, or (ii) engages in conduct in any material violation of the Applicable Telecommunications
Laws and Regulations in connection with the Federal Lifeline Program (as the case may be, Grounds for Termination); provided,
however, that except pursuant to the order of governmental authority, no Transaction Consummation Claim shall be deemed or construed to
be Grounds for Termination. For purposes of this Section 8.(a), a Material Liability means a liability, damages, fine or
penalty in excess of $25,000.

(b) Cure Period. Prior to delivering a Termination Notice, the Company shall deliver a notice (the
Default Notice) of the Grounds for Termination, (i) specifying in reasonable detail the nature of the circumstances constituting
Grounds for Termination and (ii) specifying a detailed request for cure specifying the actions reasonably necessary to cure such Grounds
for Termination or mitigate such Grounds for Termination so as to, at the sole discretion of the Manager, cure or satisfy (for financial
defaults, by payment) the specific Material Liability in connection therewith (the Specific Cure). The Manager shall for
a period of ninety (90) calendar days following receipt by Manager of the Default Notice (the Cure Period), have the right
to cause the Specific Cure in relation to the relevant Default Notice; provided, however, in the case of the claim of a third party, including
any governmental authority, if the Manager so elects to perform the Specific Cure by defense of such claim, and such claim is not settled
or finally determined within such ninety (90) day period, then the Cure Period will be tolled so long as (a) the Manager is diligently
defending such claim, and (b) the Manager commits in writing to make payment to the Company of all amounts necessary to settle such claim
or make payment of any determination of such claim.

(c) Payment Upon Termination.

i. Immediately upon the delivery of any Termination Notice, the Company and KonaTel will pay to the Manager
(i) all amounts paid by the Manager to KonaTel or the Company under the PSA or any other Transaction Agreement, other than the Purchase
Price under the PSA (collectively such amounts being the Unwinding Fee), and (ii) all accrued Distributable Proceeds that
are Distributable to the Manager

7

under the Operating Agreement of the Company.

ii. In addition to the Unwinding Fee, in consideration of the continuing sales and relations with Distribution-Channel
End Users, so long as each Distribution-Channel End User is a Company end user (as the case may be, the Sunset Term), the
Company will, and KonaTel covenants and agrees to cause the Company to, pay to the Manager or its designee for the sole benefit of the
Manager or its designee $3.50 per Distribution-Channel End User per month in connection with any relations or transactions with each Distribution-Channel
End User, minus deduction solely for the actual and direct cost of goods and services sold, consistent with the Managers practices
during the Management Period (such amounts being the Sunset Payments).

iii. Further, as assurances of the payment and performance KonaTels obligations under the Transaction
Agreements, the Purchase Price, KonaTel must post bond or surety in a form reasonably acceptable to the Manager, for the benefit of Manager
in the amount of the Purchase Price. The foregoing bond or surety will (1) be secured by all assets of the Company, which security interest
is hereby granted by the Company contingent upon such event, and (2) will be payable and released to the Manager if KonaTel or the Company
deliver a Default Notice to the Manager and (a) the Manager thereafter prevails in contesting the Grounds for Termination, or (b) the
Manager is determined to have not engaged in conduct in any material violation of Applicable Telecommunications Laws and Regulations in
connection with the Federal Lifeline Program or any such violation shall have not resulted in the imposition of a Material Liability on
Company. For the purposes of this Agreement, all assets means: collectively, all the following that the Company may now
or in the future own, lease, control or otherwise hold, or that relate to the Company or any of its assets, properties or business, or
that the Company uses in its business, whether now owned or existing or in the future owned or existing (utilizing such terms as are defined
in the Uniform Commercial Code): (i) books and records, (ii) equipment, (iii) money, accounts, general intangibles, securities, equipment,
goods, inventory, money deposit accounts, documents, instruments, chattel paper, insurance proceeds, fixtures, and real property, and
interests therein, and any other tangible or intangible property received or receivable.

8

(iv) general intangibles, including, without
limitation, licenses and permits, (v) inventory, (vi) such other assets of the Company that do not fall in the preceding categories, and
(vi) the proceeds of the foregoing.

iv. The Parties shall cooperate in good faith during the Sunset Term if applicable (for each respective Distribution-Channel
End User) to maximize, and pay as soon as practicable, the amounts payable to the Manager during the Sunset Term.

v. Reports and Statements. All amounts payable to the Manager during the Sunset Term shall be made
within ten (10) business days of receipt by the Company or KonaTel of the amounts pursuant to which such payment has accrued, and will
be made in U.S. dollars and sent (or confirmation of wire transfer sent) to the Manager at its principal place of business or to such
other address as it may specify by notice to the Company or KonaTel from time to time. Concurrently with the remittance of the payments
required pursuant to this Agreement, the Company and KonaTel shall submit to the Manager a written detailed statement relating to and
including a calculation of the Sunset Payments made during the applicable period.

Audit. In connection with the matters
set forth in this Section 8(c), the Company and KonaTel shall maintain in electronic format accurate books and records relating
to the Sunset Payments and all matters relating thereto. The Manager or its representative or designee may audit or examine such books
and records of the Company and KonaTel, and upon request by the Manager, the Company and KonaTel shall provide such books and records,
in order to verify the information set forth on any such statement. If the results of any such audit reflect any discrepancy in the amount
of the sums actually paid in relation to the amount of the sums that should have been paid, then the party who or which benefited by such
discrepancy shall promptly pay over to the other party the amount of such discrepancy. If the results of any such audit with respect to
the Company or KonaTel reflect an underpayment to the Manager of at least three percent (3%) of the amount that should have been paid,
then, in addition to paying the Manager the amount of such underpayment, the Company and KonaTel shall reimburse the Manager for all costs
and expenses incurred in conducting such audit.

vi. Notification to Acquirers. The Company and KonaTel

9

hereby covenant and agree to deliver notice
of the terms of this Section 8(c) to any person or entity who or which acquires the Company or a majority of the voting stock of KonaTel
prior to the consummation of any transaction that results in such change of control of the Company.

9.Compliance with Laws. The Parties desire and intend that this Management Agreement and the performance of the Services hereunder
comply fully with all applicable laws, including without limitation, the Applicable Telecommunications Laws and Regulations, and this
Management Agreement shall be interpreted and applied in such manner as is consistent with all such laws. If the FCC or any state body
of competent jurisdiction determines that any provision of this Management Agreement violates any communications licenses or the Applicable
Telecommunications Laws and Regulations, the Parties shall use their reasonable best efforts to immediately bring this Management Agreement
into compliance therewith, consistent with the non-violative terms and provisions of this Management Agreement. It is expressly understood
and agreed by the Parties that nothing in this Management Agreement is intended to give the Manager any right which would be deemed to
constitute a transfer by the Company of control (as defined in the Applicable Telecommunications Laws and Regulations) of
its Business, any or all of its Regulated Assets, or of one or more of its communications licenses to the Manager.

10.No Assignment or Transfer of Control Prior to Closing. Notwithstanding any of the provisions set forth in this Management
Agreement, no provision herein shall be construed to effect or permit an assignment or transfer of control related to the Companys
Lifeline Business or the Regulated Assets prior to the consummation of the Transaction in accordance with the terms and conditions set
forth in the Purchase Agreement, and all provisions of this Management Agreement shall be interpreted consistent with all applicable laws
including without limitation the Applicable Telecommunications Laws and Regulations.

11.Indemnification and Insurance

(a) Indemnification. Each of the Manager and KonaTel (as the case may be, an Indemnitor) shall
indemnify, defend, protect and hold harmless the other (as the case may be an Indemnitee) and the Indemnitees respective
shareholders, directors, officers, partners, employees, contractors, insurers, attorneys, advisors, agents, representatives, successors
and assigns, as applicable (the Indemnitee Parties), from and against any and all claims, liabilities, demands, lawsuits,
litigation, losses, damages (including consequential damages and penalties), fees, costs and expenses (including attorneys fees),
obligations, liens, executions, fines, awards, defenses and causes of action of every and whatever type, kind or nature (collectively,
Claims) to the extent asserted against an Indemnitee Party or the Company by a third party (who or which is not an affiliate
or representative of an Indemnitee Party or the Company), that relate to or arise out of or in connection with: (a) a material breach
by an Indemnitor of its representations, warranties, covenants or agreements set forth in this Agreement; (b) an Indemnitors gross
negligence or willful misconduct in connection with the acts or undertakings contemplated by or in furtherance of this Agreement, to the
extent such Claims do

10

not arise out of the gross negligence or willful
misconduct of an Indemnitee; or (c) an Indemnitors failure to comply with Applicable Telecommunications Laws and Regulations with
the acts or undertakings contemplated by or in furtherance of this Agreement, as ordered or determined by applicable governmental authority,
to the extent such Claims do not arise out of the gross negligence, willful misconduct, or instructions, specifications, or directives
of an Indemnitee, provided, further, that to the extent Manager is the Indemnitor, Manager will not be obligated to indemnify the Company
with respect to any Claim, and Manager will not be obligated to indemnify KonaTel, or their other Indemnitee Parties from or against any
Claim that has accrued on or prior to January 22, 2024, including, without limitation, any Claim arising from any acts or omissions, or
facts or occurrences prior to the Effective Date. This Section 11 shall survive any termination of this Agreement. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary, each of the Company and KonaTel acknowledge and agree that no Manager Indemnitee will be liable for, and each
of KonaTel and Company covenant not to threaten, claim, or assert against any Manager Indemnitee, any Claim resulting or arising from,
or in connection with, the entry into the Transaction Agreements or the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby (each being
a Transaction Consummation Claim), it being acknowledged and agreed that KonaTel and the Company have each specifically
assumed the risk of each such Claim by entering into the Transaction Agreements. Without limiting the foregoing sentence, KonaTel further
covenants and agrees not to threaten, claim, or assert any Transaction Consummation Claim against the Company.

(b) In the event of conflict between this Section 11 and the Purchase Agreement, the Purchase Agreement
will control and supersede the terms of this Section 11.

12.Notices. All notices, requests and other communications hereunder shall be given as set forth in Section 5.3 of the Purchase
Agreement.

13.Entire Agreement; No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Management Agreement constitutes the entire agreement among the Parties
with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all other prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among the
Parties or any of them with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, and amends, restates, and supersedes the Original MSA in
the entirety. This Management Agreement is not intended to confer upon any person other than the Parties hereto any rights or remedies
hereunder. Except as expressly set forth in Section 11, nothing in this Management Agreement is intended to limit in any way the
rights or obligations of any Party under the Purchase Agreement. If there is any conflict or inconsistency between the terms and conditions
of this Agreement and the Purchase Agreement, the provisions of this Agreement shall control with respect to the rights and obligations
of the parties regarding the Services provided, further, except with respect to the Services, the Purchase Agreement will supersede this
Agreement in the event of any conflict or ambiguity. Further, if there is any conflict or inconsistency between the terms and conditions
of this Agreement and the Distribution Agreement, the provisions of the Distribution Agreement shall control.

11

14.Headings; Interpretation. The title of and the section and paragraph headings contained in this Agreement are inserted
for convenience only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement.
The term this Agreement or this agreement means this Agreement together with all Schedules, Exhibits, Addenda,
Annexes, and other attachments hereto, as the same may from time to time be amended, modified, supplemented or restated in accordance
with the terms hereof. The word or shall be interpreted as inclusive (i.e. inclusive of and), unless otherwise
stated. The word including or any variation thereof means including, without limitation and shall not be construed
to limit any general statement that it follows to the specific or similar items or matters immediately following it. The word will
shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall. References in this Agreement to any law shall
be deemed also to refer to such law, as amended, and all rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. The words herein,
hereof, hereunder and other words of similar import refer to this Agreement as a whole, including the Schedules,
Exhibits, Addenda, Annexes, and other attachments hereto, and not to any particular section, subsection, paragraph, subparagraph or clause
contained in this Agreement. The use herein of the masculine, feminine or neuter forms shall also denote the other forms, as in each case
the context may require or permit. Where specific language is used to clarify by example a general statement contained herein, such specific
language shall not be deemed to modify, limit or restrict in any manner the construction of the general statement to which it relates.
All references herein to $ or dollars shall refer to United States dollars. Tax or Taxes (whether
or not capitalized) will mean, without duplication, charges, fees, contributions, social contributions, contributions on economic intervention
imposts, levies or any other assessments imposed by any tax authority, of any country, state, province or municipality, including all
income, profits, revenues, franchise, services, receipts, gross receipts, margin, capital, financial, net worth, sales, use, excise, recording,
real estate, real estate transfer, escheat, unclaimed property, withholding, alternative minimum or add on, ad valorem, inventory, payroll,
estimated, goods and services, employment, welfare, social security, disability, occupation, unemployment, general business, premium,
real property, personal property, capital stock, stock transfer, stamp, transfer, documentary, conveyance, production, windfall profits,
pension, duties, customs duties, contributions on import transactions, value added and other similar , withholdings, duties, charges,
fees, levies, imposts, license and registration fees, governmental charges and assessments, including related interest, penalties, fines,
additions to and expenses levied by any national, federal, state and local tax authority. Whenever this Agreement refers to a number of
days, such number shall refer to calendar days unless business days are specified, and if so specified, business days shall mean days
for which banks are open in the State under which law this Agreement is governed and construed, unless otherwise specified. Unless otherwise
specified, time periods within or following which any payment is to be made or act is to be done shall be calculated by excluding the
day on which the period commences and including the day on which the period ends. Where the last day of any such time period is not a
business day, such time period shall be extended to the next business day following the day on which it would otherwise end. References
in this Agreement and all Schedules, Exhibits, Addenda, Annexes, and other attachments hereto to any contract (including this Agreement)
mean such contract as amended, restated, supplemented or modified from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof.

15.Counterparts; Facsimile Signatures. This Management Agreement may be executed manually, by facsimile or by scan and email
by the Parties hereto, in any number of

12

counterparts, each of which shall be considered one
and the same agreement and shall become effective when a counterpart hereof shall have been signed by each of the Parties and delivered
to the other Party.

16.Severability. If any term or other provision of this Management Agreement is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced
by rule of law or public policy, all other conditions and provisions of this Management Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force
and effect. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the Parties hereto
shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Management Agreement so as to affect the original intent of the Parties as closely as possible.

17.Governing Law; Jurisdiction. This Management Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws
of the State of Nevada, without giving effect to conflicts of laws principles that would result in the application of the law of any other
state. Each Party hereto irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the State of Nevada for purposes of any claim, action or
proceeding arising out of this Management Agreement or any transaction contemplated hereby. The Parties agree that all disputes between
them arising out of or relating to this Management Agreement shall be adjudicated only in the state courts situated in Clark County, Nevada.
Each Party hereto further agrees that service of any process, summons, notice or document by United States registered mail to such Partys
address set forth under such Partys signature on the signature page hereto shall be effective service of process for any claim,
action or proceeding with respect to any matters to which it has submitted to jurisdiction.

18.Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT THAT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY
JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT. EACH PARTY CERTIFIES
AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT (A) NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER
PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE EITHER OF SUCH WAIVERS, (B) IT UNDERSTANDS AND HAS CONSIDERED THE IMPLICATIONS
OF SUCH WAIVERS, (C) IT MAKES SUCH WAIVERS VOLUNTARILY, AND (D) IT HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT BY, AMONG
OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION.

19.Assignment. This Management Agreement shall not be assigned by any Party (whether by operation of law or otherwise) without
the prior written consent of the other Parties which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. This Management
Agreement will be binding upon, inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Parties and their respective successors and assigns.

20.Amendment and Modification; Waiver. This Management Agreement may not be amended except by an instrument in writing signed
on behalf of each of the Parties hereto. Any Party may extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts of
the other Party hereto, as applicable, or waive compliance with any of the agreements or conditions for the

13

benefit of such Party contained herein. Any agreement
on the part of a Party hereto to any such extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in an instrument in writing signed on behalf
of such Party. Any delay in exercising any right under this Management Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right. The Manager
shall not be liable or responsible to any other party, nor be deemed to have defaulted under or breached this Agreement, for any failure
or delay in fulfilling or performing any term of this Agreement (including, without limitation, with respect to the performance of cure
pursuant to any Breach Notice), when and to the extent such failure or delay is caused by or results from acts beyond the Managers
reasonable or actual control, including, without limitation: (i) acts of God; (ii) flood, fire or explosion; (iii) war, invasion, riot
or other civil unrest; (iv) actions, embargoes or blockades in effect on or after the date of this Agreement; (v) national or regional
emergency; (vi) strikes, labor stoppages or slowdowns or other industrial disturbances; (vii) compliance with any law or governmental
order, rule, regulation or direction, or any action taken by a governmental or public authority, including but not limited to imposing
an embargo, export or import restriction, quota or other restriction or prohibition, or failing to grant a necessary license or consent;
(viii) shortage of adequate power or telecommunications or transportation facilities; or (ix) any other event which is beyond the reasonable
and actual control of such Party (each of the foregoing, a Force Majeure). The term of any failure or delay in fulfilling
or performing any term of this Agreement shall be automatically extended by a period equal to the period of suspension of performance
arising from or in connection with Force Majeure.

21.Attorneys' Fees. In the event that a Party institutes any legal suit, action, or proceeding against another Party in respect
of a matter arising out of or relating to this Management Agreement, the prevailing Party in the suit, action, or proceeding shall be
entitled to receive, in addition to all other damages to which it may be entitled, the costs incurred by such Party in conducting the
suit, action, or proceeding, including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses and court costs.

22.Reformation. If the FCC should (i) change its rules in a manner that would adversely affect the enforceability of this Agreement,
(ii) directly or indirectly reject or take action to challenge the enforceability of this Agreement, or (iii) take any other steps whatsoever,
on its own initiative or by petition from a third party, to directly or indirectly challenge this Agreement or any provision hereof, then
the parties hereto shall promptly negotiate in good faith to attempt to reform and amend this Agreement so as to eliminate or amend to
make unobjectionable any portion that is the subject of any FCC action, provided, that neither party shall be obligated to reform or amend
this Agreement under the foregoing circumstances if any such amendment or modification, in the reasonable judgment of such party, would
not provide to or afford such party substantially the same rights, duties and obligations such party has under this Agreement as of the
date hereof.

23.No Set-Off. The obligations under this Agreement shall not be subject to set-off for non-performance or any monetary or
non-monetary claim by any party or any of their respective Affiliates under any other agreement between the parties or any of their respective
Affiliates.

24.Expenses. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the parties shall bear their own expenses (including all
time and expenses of counsel, financial advisors, consultants,

14

actuaries and independent accountants) incurred in
connection with this Agreement.

25.Confidentiality.

(i) The
Company and KonaTel and its Affiliates and their respective officers, directors, partners, managers, shareholders, employees, agents and
representatives will not disclose any confidential information about Purchaser or any of its Affiliates obtained as a result of the exercise
of its rights or performance of its obligations under this Agreement. The obligations of Seller under this Section will survive the termination
or expiration of this Agreement.

(ii) Manager
and its Affiliates and their respective officers, directors, partners, managers, shareholders, employees, agents and representatives will
not disclose any confidential information about Seller or any of its Affiliates obtained as a result of the exercise of its rights or
performance of its obligations under this Agreement. The obligations of Manager under this Section will survive the termination or expiration
of this Agreement.

(iii) Information
shall not be deemed confidential and the receiving party shall have no obligation with respect to any such information which is or becomes
publicly known through no wrongful act, fault or negligence of the receiving party; or was known by the receiving party prior to disclosure
and the receiving party was not under a duty of non-disclosure, or is at any time developed by the receiving party independently of any
such disclosure; or was disclosed to the receiving party by a third party who was free of obligations of confidentiality to the party
providing the information; or is approved for release by written authorization of the disclosing party.

(iv) The
parties hereby agree that confidential information includes, but is not limited to, all information described in the Federal Communications
Commission definition of Customer Proprietary Network Information (CPNI) set forth more particularly in 47 USC 222(h)(1)
and corresponding Code of Federal Regulations, if any, (as amended from time to time). All personally identifiable information of End
Users, including Customer Proprietary Network Information, will be treated in accordance with each Partys respective privacy policies
and, if applicable, data processing policies and procedures.

(v) Notwithstanding
the foregoing to the contrary, KonaTel may disclose the terms of this Agreement in connection with any disclosures required under federal
or state securities laws or stock exchange rules.

[Remainder
of Page Intentionally Left Blank. Signature Page Follows.]

15

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have
caused this Management Agreement to be duly executed as of March 4, 2025, effective as of the date and dates
first above written.

IM TELECOM, LLC, an Oklahoma limited liability company 

By: /s/ Charles D. Griffin 

Charles D. Griffin 

Authorized Representative and President of KonaTel, Inc. in its capacity as a Member of the Company 

EXCESS TELECOM, INC, a Nevada corporation 

By: /s/ Cobby Pourtavosi 

Cobby Pourtavosi, CEO 

KONATEL, INC., a Delaware corporation 

By: /s/ Charles D. Griffin 

Charles D. Griffin, President 

[Signature
Page to Management Services Agreement]

16

MANAGEMENT
SERVICES AGREEMENT

SCHEDULE
A

SCHEDULE OF EXPECTED REVENUE, FEES, AND EXPENSES

Managers compensation shall be $6.50
per month per Distribution-Channel End User for each month in which any federal or state Lifeline and ACP reimbursement funds are claimed
for Distribution-Channel End User.

17
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>exhibit103.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

Exhibit
10.3

MASTER DISTRIBUTION
AGREEMENT

THIS MASTER DISTRIBUTION
AGREEMENT (this Agreement), effective as of February 8, 2024, is made with reference to that certain Membership Interest
Purchase and Sale Agreement dated January 22, 2024, by and between Excess Telecom, Inc., and KonaTel, Inc. (the PSA or the
Purchase Agreement and such date being the Effective Date), and is entered into by and among (i) Excess Telecom,
Inc., Nevada corporation, having its principal place of business located at 3773 Howard Hughes Parkway, Suite 590S, Las Vegas, Nevada
(hereinafter referred to as Distributor); (ii) KonaTel, Inc., a Delaware corporation , having its principal place of business
located at 500 N. Central Expressway, Suite 202, Plano, Texas 75074 (hereinafter referred to as KonaTel) and (iii) IM Telecom,
LLC, an Oklahoma limited liability company (hereafter IM Telecom). Distributor, KonaTel and IM Telecom may be referred to
herein each individually as a Party or collectively as the Parties.

WHEREAS, Distributor
is, among other things, in the business of providing marketing assistance for wireless telecommunications services, acquiring and distributing
wireless handsets and tablets, shipping such handsets and tablets to customers, and activating wireless services pursuant to agreements
with third party providers of wireless telecommunications carriers (the Distribution Services);

WHEREAS, IM Telecom
is in the business of offering and providing wireless telecommunications services subsidized by the federal Lifeline program and state
Lifeline programs (LifeLine), and the Affordable Connectivity Program (ACP) to qualified customers, and offering
and providing handsets and tablets compatible with Wireless Services to such qualified customers; and

WHEREAS, IM Telecom
desires to engage and allow Distributor to perform the Distribution Services as set forth herein, and Distributor desires to be so engaged
by IM Telecom;

NOW, THEREFORE,
in consideration of the mutual promises and obligations contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows:

1. Nature of Business Relationship

The Parties to this Agreement are independent
businesses entering into an arms-length contract in keeping with their pre-existing businesses. This Agreement will not be construed to
create a partnership, joint venture, employment or franchise relationship among Distributor, on the one hand, and either or both of KonaTel
and IM Telecom on the other, and neither Party will represent that such a relationship exists. Distributor is solely responsible for all
salaries and other compensation of its employees, suppliers, subcontractors, and agents, and for making all deductions and withholdings
from employees salaries and other compensation and paying all contributions, taxes and assessments. Neither Distributor nor its
employees, agents, independent contractors and/or subcontractors are entitled to participate in any workers compensation, retirement,

insurance, stock options or any other
benefits afforded to employees of IM Telecom. Except as set forth in Section 6.1 and as provided in the Management Agreement, Distributor
has no authority to bind IM Telecom to a contract, and except as provided in Section 6.1 or in the Management Agreement, Distributor
is not authorized to act as an agent for IM Telecom, and Distributor will not represent that such a relationship exists. Except as provided
herein, IM Telecom has no authority to bind Distributor to a contract, and IM Telecom is not authorized to act as an agent for the Distributor,
and will not represent that such a relationships exists.

2. Definitions

2.1. Affiliate of any Person means any other Person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled
by or under direct or indirect common control with such Person. For the purposes of this definition, control, when used
with respect to any Person, means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through
the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms controlling and controlled have
meanings correlative to the foregoing. The term Affiliate does not include the officers, directors, or employees
of a Person, if the Person is a corporation, and does not include the employees of a Person, if the Person is a limited liability company
or limited partnership.

2.2. Affordable Connectivity Fund or ACP shall refer to the United States government-sponsored
program that provides eligible households with a discount on broadband service and connected devices and any similar governmental programs
that may be established providing similar service that may replace, expand or modify the current ACP.

2.3. Applicable Telecommunications Laws and Regulations means Federal Communications Act of 1934,
as amended, regulations or case law of the FCC, applicable state telecommunications laws, and applicable regulations and case law of state
public utility commissions.

2.4. Distribution-Channel End User means any subscriber enrolled by Distributor in the Lifeline
or ACP programs with IM Telecom. For avoidance of doubt, no Infiniti Mobile Channel End Users, as defined in the Management Agreement
between the parties, is a Distribution-Channel End User.

2.5. Distribution-Channel Products shall mean the equipment or hardware, including handsets and
tablets, distributed by Distributor to Distribution-Channel End Users pursuant to this Agreement.

2.6. Distributor Program shall refer to the process by which Distributor, pursuant to this Agreement,
may market Distribution-Channel Products and Distribution-Channel Wireless Services to customers eligible for Lifeline or ACP services.

2.7. Distribution-Channel Services means the Distribution-Channel Wireless Services, Distribution-Channel
Products, Lifeline services, ACP services and

Distributor Agreement Page 2

such other ancillary services relating
to Lifeline and ACP services offered to Distribution-Channel End Users.

2.8. Distribution-Channel Wireless Services means wireless telecommunications services provided
to Distribution-Channel End Users.

2.9. Effective Date means the date set forth above.

2.10. Excess Telecom DBA means and includes, without limitation, any fictitious business name
doing business under an Excess Telecom Mark, together with any alterations, operational combinations or mergers of the Excess Telecom
DBA with other DBAs that may occur over time, which other DBAs used by Distributor.

2.11. Excess Telecom Marks means, collectively, the tradename Excess Telecom and
all related trademarks, service marks, trade names, service names, insignia, symbols, logos, decorative designs and other identifying
marks now or hereafter relating thereto, together with anything similar or that makes reference to the foregoing.

2.12. Independent Sales Representatives (ISR) shall mean any individual person that
Distributor approves to market the Distributor Program to Distribution-Channel End Users under Distributors DBAs.

2.13. Licenses means the licenses, designations, compliance plans, or other authorizations now
or hereafter issued under Applicable Telecommunication Laws and Regulations for participation in Lifeline, ACP, or both.

2.14. Lifeline shall refer to the federal Lifeline program and other state Lifeline programs,
collectively, unless a single Lifeline program is specified.

2.15. Person means any natural person, any unincorporated association, any corporation, any partnership,
any joint venture, any limited liability company, any trust, any other legal entity, or any Governmental Authority

2.16. Territory shall mean all areas where the ACP and/or Lifeline services are approved under
Applicable Telecommunications Laws and Regulations to be offered, and including, without limitation, such other areas that IM Telecom
now or hereafter obtains a License to provided Lifeline or ACP services and such areas that IM Telecom now or hereafter markets and distributes
its Distribution-Channel Products and Wireless Services, to members of the general public who qualify for Lifeline and ACP benefits, subject
to compliance with IM Telecoms compliance policies and procedures.

2.17. Top-Ups shall mean a purchase of minutes, text messages, and/or data by End User that in
addition to what is included each month in the End Users Lifeline or ACP plan.

Distributor Agreement Page 3

3. Distributors Authority & Obligations.

3.1. IM Telecom makes a limited grant of non-exclusive authority to Distributor as follows:

3.1.1. IM Telecom grants to Distributor a non-exclusive, non-transferrable, non-sublicensable right to market
and distribute Distribution-Channel Products and Distribution-Channel Wireless Services solely within the Territory to members of the
general public who qualify for Lifeline and/or ACP benefits, and to enroll properly qualified Lifeline and ACP customers with IM Telecom
in accordance with the Applicable Telecommunications Laws and with IM Telecoms approved enrollment process. Any purchasers of Distribution-Channel
Products and Distribution-Channel Wireless Services shall be the customers of IM Telecom and not customers of Distributor for purposes
of the Licenses and Applicable Telecommunication Laws. Distributor may delegate or perform the Services under this Agreement through current
Affiliates of Distributor. All Affiliates and agents of Distributor, current or future, must be approved by IM Telecom prior to beginning
marketing activities or activation of customers.

3.1.2. IM Telecom authorizes Distributor, in Distributors discretion, to utilize Distributors employees
or ISRs within the authorized Territory for the purpose of performing under this Agreement in marketing and distribution of Distribution-Channel
Products and Distribution-Channel Services to Distribution-Channel End Users, provided that:

3.1.2.1.Except for
Distributors authority to market IM Telecoms Lifeline and/or ACP services and enroll properly qualified Lifeline and ACP
customers on behalf of IM Telecom in accordance with law and with IM Telecoms enrollment process, neither Distributor nor its
employees or ISRs shall have any authority under this Agreement to bind IM Telecom in any manner whatsoever.

3.1.2.2.Distributor
is solely responsible for selection of its employees and/or ISRs, for negotiating the terms of any contracts or agreements with such employees
or ISRs, and for all payment or compensation to such employees and ISRs.

3.1.2.3.Distributor,
its employees, and any ISRs that Distributor engages for the purpose of performing under this Agreement must adhere to all applicable
laws, including without limitation the Applicable Telecommunications Laws and Regulations.

3.1.2.4.Distributor
shall adhere to the Applicable Telecommunications Laws and Regulations, including FCC rules that prohibit payment of commissions for enrollment
representatives and

Distributor Agreement Page 4

their direct supervisors and adhere
to IM Telecom audit requests for verification of compensation method. Distributor will not offer or provide to any enrollment representative
(as defined in Section 54.400(p) of the FCCs rules for Lifeline and 54.1800(k) for ACP) or their direct supervisors any compensation
in violation of Section 54.406(b) of the FCCs Lifeline rules or Section 54.1807(b) of the FCCs ACP rules. Distributor will
also not allow any agents or distributors hired by Distributor to pay their enrollment representatives or direct supervisors any compensation
in violation of the FCCs rules.

3.2. KonaTel and IM Telecom each acknowledge and agree that Distributor owns all rights in and to the Excess
Telecom Marks and may use the Excess Telecom Marks in connection with marketing the Distribution-Channel Services and advertising to potential
Distribution-Channel End Users, provided however that all Distribution-Channel End Users shall be IM Telecom customers. IM Telecom and
KonaTel shall not, in any manner, represent that either has any ownership in the Excess Telecom Marks, and IM Telecom and KonaTel acknowledge
that the use of the Excess Telecom Marks shall not create in IM Telecoms or KonaTels favor any right, title or interest
in and to the Excess Telecom Marks but all uses of the Excess Telecom Marks pursuant to this Agreement, if any, shall inure to the benefit
of Distributor. Neither IM Telecom nor KonaTel shall have any right to use any of the Excess Telecom Marks under this Agreement, except
solely in furtherance of the express terms hereof.

3.3. During the Term of this Agreement, Distributor shall have the right to, (i) facilitate the enrollment
of Distribution-Channel End Users through the Distributor Program for the provision of Distribution-Channel Services, (ii) provide areas
to display point of sale materials for implementing the Distributor Program and procuring Distribution-Channel End Users
thereunder, (iii) implement and maintain reasonable physical, technical, administrative, and organizational safeguards to protect against
unauthorized access to, or unauthorized destruction, use, modification, or disclosure of, Confidential Information, (iii) procure compatible
devices and tablets in accordance with FCC and USAC rules and regulations, and to activate service for Distribution-Channel End Users
as IM Telecom customers..

4. Additional Distributor Obligations, Duties, and Warranties

4.1. Distributor shall perform its duties under this Agreement in a legal, professional and ethical manner
and in compliance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations, and orders of the United States (including, without limitation, the Applicable
Telecommunications Laws and Regulations) with jurisdiction over either Party or its activities in the performance of its obligations under
this Agreement. The parties specifically agree that state and federal rules governing the federal Lifeline program as established by 47
U.S.C. 254 and 47 C.F.R. 54.400-417, apply to the activities of Distributor, IM Telecom, and KonaTel.

Distributor Agreement Page 5

4.2. Distributor agrees (i) to materially comply with any and all policies and procedures prescribed by the
regulatory authorities governing Lifeline and ACP for the solicitation and enrollment of Distribution-Channel End Users on the Distributor
Program, and (ii) to materially comply with any and all standards regarding the Distribution-Chain Products and Distribution-Chain Wireless
Services including without limitation the Applicable Telecommunications Laws and Regulations.

4.3. Distributor agrees to meet with IM Telecom or KonaTel representatives periodically when reasonably requested
by IM Telecom or KonaTel to discuss marketing and distribution activities, provisioning issues, problem resolution, and/or other topics
related to the Parties performance under this Agreement.

4.4. Distributor shall assure that all ISRs signed up by the Distributor are familiar with all federal and
state regulations, including without limitation the Applicable Telecommunications Laws, and the policies and procedures of IM Telecom,
and will distribute Distribution-Chain Products and Distribution-Chain Wireless Services in compliance therewith, prior to such ISRs marketing
or distributing any Mobile Products to Distribution-Channel End Users.

4.5. Distributor, at its sole expense, will furnish Distribution-Chain Products to Distribution-Channel End
Users on IM Telecoms behalf. Such Distribution-Chain Products will be activated only upon Distribution-Channel End Users
qualification for Lifeline or ACP. Such Distribution-Chain Products will be enabled to provide Distribution-Channel End Users access to
emergency (E-911) services and will meet all applicable governmental standards and regulations (including standards pertaining to customers
with disabilities). All tablets proposed to be used in the ACP must be approved by USAC or the FCC before being distributed. Distributor
will be responsible for all costs related to maintaining the Distribution-Chain Products.

4.6. Distributor shall be solely responsible for all expenses incurred in Distributors performance under
this Agreement, including without limitation the costs of materials used for marketing and distribution, and travel expenses. Distributor
shall be responsible for marketing and marketing costs, and for developing and utilizing effective marketing techniques and materials.

4.7. Each of Distributor, on the one hand, and IM Telecom and KonaTel, on the other hand, agree that, during
the Term and for a period of three (3) years following the Term (the Restricted Period), such Party or Parties, and any
person or entity acting on behalf of, under the control of or otherwise in affiliation with such Party or Parties, may not directly or
indirectly do any of the following: (i) intentionally solicit, call on, divert, take away, influence or induce any of the other Partys
or Parties (as the case may be, the Other Party) (a) client, customers, or distributors or prospective customers
or distributors (wherever located) with respect to goods, products or services that are competitive with the Other Partys business,
or (b) suppliers or vendors or prospective suppliers or

Distributor Agreement Page 6

vendors (wherever located) to supply
materials, resources or services to be used in connection with goods or services that are competitive with those of the Other Partys
business, or in a manner that would materially and adversely affect the Other Partys relationship with such persons; (ii) hire,
solicit, or take away any person or entity who or which was an employee of or service provider or consultant to the Other Party within
the twelve (12) month period prior to the date of such hiring, solicitation, or taking away, or is or becomes at any time during the Restricted
Period an employee or service provider or consultant of the Other Party or any of its affiliates; or (iii) directly or indirectly assist
any person or entity to take or attempt or offer to take any of the foregoing actions described in this Section; provided, however, the
foregoing provisions of this Section will not be deemed or construed to restrict general solicitations that may, without specific intent,
violate the foregoing terms of this Section.

4.8. Distributor acknowledges and agrees that this three (3) year non-solicitation provision is reasonable
both in time and scope, and that Distributor has received adequate consideration under this Agreement for this provision.

5. Operational Obligations and Duties of the Parties

5.1. IM Telecom will submit all necessary forms to USAC for reimbursements for the provision of Lifeline and
ACP services and will collect all amounts provided by USAC for all Distribution-Channel End Users. IM Telecom will further manage all
audit requests from any governmental or quasi-governmental entity (such as USAC) pertaining to Lifeline/ACP or service provisioning, usage,
and payments and Distributor will participate fully and in a transparent and adequately timely manner as requested by IM Telecom.

5.2. IM Telecom shall, at its expense (but without prejudice to Distributors obligations under this
Agreement), maintain, or cause to be maintained, all Licenses for the Distributor Program and provision of the Lifeline and ACP services
in good standing during the Term of this Agreement.

5.3. Distributor will be solely responsible for wages and salaries of Distributor employees.

5.4. Distributor shall be solely responsible for the procurement of all Distribution-Chain Products for enrollment
of Distribution-Channel End Users.

6. Payment

6.1. Distributor shall be compensated as specified in Schedule A attached hereto, the terms of which
are incorporated herein by reference, and subject to the other Transaction Agreements (as defined in the PSA).

6.2. Distributor will cooperate fully with IM Telecom in any audit or investigation or request for information
by any governmental authority including any quasi-governmental authority such as USAC pertaining to Distributor Products or

Distributor Agreement Page 7

Distribution-Channel End Users and who
subscribed to Distributor Products and Distributor Wireless Services. This duty to cooperate will survive any event of termination for
a period of three (3) years.

7. Indemnification

7.1. Disclaimer of Warranties. Distributor shall indemnify, defend, and hold IM Telecom, together with its
employees, agents, and their respective successors and assigns (IM Telecom Indemnitees) harmless from any and all losses,
damages, liabilities, deficiencies, claims, actions, judgments, settlements, interest, awards, penalties, fines, costs or expenses of
whatever kind, including reasonable attorneys fees, fees and the costs of enforcing any right to indemnification under this Agreement
and the cost of pursuing any insurance providers (collectively, Losses), incurred by IM Telecom Indemnitees relating to
any claim or demand alleged or asserted by a third party that results from (1) Distributors or ISRs exercise of rights or
privileges under this Agreement or performance of its obligations pursuant to this Agreement, including but not limited to offering for
sale or sale of Distribution-Chain Products and Distribution-Chain Wireless Services, (2) an uncured material breach of any representation,
warranty, covenant, or agreement in this Agreement by Distributor or ISRs, (3) any grossly negligent or willful acts or omissions
of Distributor, its employees, agents, or subcontractors resulting in any bodily injury or death to any person or loss, disappearance
or damage to tangible or intangible property; (4) any infringement, misuse or misappropriation of any third-party intellectual property
rights by Distributor, its employees, agents, or subcontractors; (5) any action initiated by Distributors employees, agents, or
subcontractors against IM Telecom for wages, fringe benefits, other compensation, or similar claims under applicable law; or (6) any employment
related claims or demands made by the employees or contractors of Distributor, including, without limitation, any claim of co-employment
by virtue of Distributors exercise of rights and privileges hereunder.

7.2. The indemnification obligations imposed by this section includes, but is not limited to court costs, punitive
or exemplary damages, and reasonable attorneys fees.

7.3. IM Telecom shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Distributor, its officers, directors, employees,
agents, affiliates, successors and permitted assigns (each, an Distributor Indemnitees) against any and all Losses relating
to any claim of a third party to the extent primarily resulting from IM Telecoms gross negligence, willful misconduct or breach
of any representation, warranty, covenant, or agreement in this Agreement, or to the extent relating to any employment related claims
or demands made by the employees or contractors of IM Telecom (excluding any person that is an employee or contractor of IM Telecom, LLC
as of the Effective Date, or who or which is engaged at the direction of Distributor); provided, however, to the extent IM Telecom may
receive a recovery of Distributors Losses from a third party that is not an IM

Distributor Agreement Page 8

Telecom Indemnitee or an insurer of
any of them, IM Telecom will exercise commercially reasonable efforts to provide Distributor with the benefit of such recovery.

8. Insurance

8.1. Distributor shall at all times during the Term of this Agreement, and for three (3) years thereafter,
maintain in full force and effect at its sole expense, a comprehensive general liability insurance policy in protection of Distributor
and IM Telecom, its officers, elected officials, boards, agents and employees for any and all damages and penalties which may arise as
a result of Distributors Services under this Agreement. The policy shall name Distributor as insured and IM Telecom as an additional
insured and must have a single occurrence limit of not less than two million dollars ($2,000,000), an aggregate limit of not less than
three million dollars ($2,000,000). The deductible on the policy shall be no higher than $100,000. The insurance required under this paragraph
shall be issued by insurers rated in Bests Insurance Guide with a General Policyholders Rating of at
least A- for Financial Strength and a Financial Size Category rating of at least X.

8.2. Distributor shall procure and maintain workers compensation and employers liability insurance
in accordance with the laws of the state during the Term of this Agreement.

8.3. Distributor shall submit to IM Telecom upon periodic request evidence that Distributor has the insurance
required under this Section.

8.4. Distributor shall ensure that IM Telecom receives at least thirty (30) days prior written notice
before any policy is cancelled or materially modified to the extent such notice is provided by the applicable insurance in accordance
with applicable law. If Distributor fails to obtain the necessary coverages after not less than 30 days prior notice to Distributor,
IM Telecom may obtain such coverages to the extent reasonable and applicable at Distributors expense.

8.5. Failure to comply with this Section shall constitute a material breach of this Agreement; provided, that
Distributor shall have the right to cure such default in accordance with the Term of this Agreement, provided, however, during any period
for which Distributor is in breach of the terms of this Section 8, the limitations of liability will not apply to any claim for which
Distributor is liable or owes indemnification to IM Telecom or any other party.

9. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES

9.1. Each Party acknowledges that no Party hereto manufactures or assembles any mobile devices or mobile hardware
(the Mobile Products), and that no IM Indemnitee has any responsibility, obligation, or liability for any Mobile Products
distributed under this Agreement, and provides no warranties for such Mobile Products.

Distributor Agreement Page 9

9.2. THE PARTIES ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE PRODUCTS AND MOBILE PRODUCTS PROVIDED BY A DISTRIBUTOR INDEMNITEE UNDER
THIS AGREEMENT ARE PROVIDED AS IS, WITH ALL FAULTS AND WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED
BY LAW, IM TELECOM, KONATEL, AND EXCESS TELECOM EACH DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION
THE IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY AND THE IMPLIED WARRANTY OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WHETHER ARISING BY A COURSE OF DEALING,
USAGE OR TRADE PRACTICE OR COURSE OF PERFORMANCE.

10. [Reserved]

11. Entire Agreement

This Agreement, together with the other
Transaction Agreements (as defined in the PSA), including the exhibits and schedules attached hereto and thereto, and the documents and
instruments referred to herein and therein, embodies the entire agreement and understanding of the Parties hereto in respect of the subject
matter contained herein. There are no restrictions, promises, representations, warranties, covenants or undertakings, other than those
expressly set forth or referred to herein. This Agreement, and any documents and instruments contemplated hereby, supersedes all prior
agreements and undertakings between the Parties with respect to such subject matter. If any term or provision of this Agreement shall
be found to be illegal or unenforceable, then notwithstanding such illegality or unenforceability, this Agreement shall remain in full
force and effect, and such term or provision shall be deemed to be deleted. The Parties specifically agree that the attached Schedule
A and any exhibits are incorporated by reference herein as a part of this Agreement, the same as if set forth in the body hereof.

12. Amendments

This Agreement may be amended, modified
or supplemented only by an instrument in writing executed by the Party against which enforcement of the amendment, modification or supplement
may be sought.

13. Assignment and Assumption

Except as expressly provided below, this
Agreement may not be assigned by any Party at any time without the written consent of the other Parties, and any attempt to do so shall
be void and of no effect. Notwithstanding the foregoing limitations on the assignment of this Agreement to the contrary, any Party to
this Agreement may assign its rights under this Agreement without the consent of the other Parties, if the assignment is made to an Affiliate,
an entity acquiring all or substantially all of its assets or business of such transferring Party, or, solely, in the case of Distributor,
to an entity acquiring all or substantially all of its rights under PSA and relating Transaction Agreements; provided, that the transferring
Party will, prior to the effectiveness of such assignment, cause such

Distributor Agreement Page 10

Affiliate or the party acquiring the
assets of such transferring Party to assume the obligations of such Party under this Agreement.

14. Governing Law, Jurisdiction and Venue

This Agreement will be effective and
binding only when executed by an authorized representative of each Party. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of
Nevada, and both parties further consent to jurisdiction by the state and federal courts sitting in Clark County in the State of Nevada.

All notices provided under this Agreement
must be in writing and will be deemed to be duly given after it has been sent by both electronic mail and First Class U.S. mail to the
addresses below, or at such other address as any Party hereto may have furnished to the other Party in writing by pursuant to written
notice under this Agreement:

To: Excess Telecom, Inc.

Attn: Cobby Pourtavosi

3773 Howard Hughes Parkway

Las Vegas, Nevada

Email: pourtavosi@sbcglobal.net

with a copy to:

Lance J.M. Steinhart

Lance J.M. Steinhart, PC

1725 Windward Concourse, Suite 150

Alpharetta, GA 30005

Email: lsteinhart@telecomcounsel.com

and

Matthew E. Wolf, Esq.

Wolf, Rifkin, Shapiro, Schulman & Rabkin, LLP

11400 W. Olympic Blvd., 9th Floor

Los Angeles, California 90064

Email: mewolf@wrslawyers.com

KonaTel, Inc. or IM Telecom, LLC

Attn: Chuck Griffin

500 N. Central Expressway, Suite 202

Plano, TX 75074

cgriffin@konatel.inc

and

Kutak Rock, LLC

2001 16th Street, Suite 1800

Distributor Agreement Page 11

Denver, CO 80202

Attn: Stephen J. Ismert

Email: stephen.ismert@kutakrock.com

15. Confidentiality

15.1. Distributor agrees that it will take all necessary steps in accordance with industry standards to prevent
the divulgence to any person or entity: (a) Customer Proprietary Information (CPI), Personally Identifying Information (PII), or Customer
Proprietary Network Information (CPNI), or protected health information of any person learned as a result of performing under this Agreement
in violation of applicable law; (b) the names, addresses, telephone numbers, or other personal data of IM Telecoms customers or
prospective customers; or (c) the contents of any communications by IM Telecoms customers.

15.2. Both Parties agree to keep confidential and not disclose or use, except in performance of its obligations
under this Agreement, confidential or proprietary information related to each partys business that is learned in connection with
this Agreement, including without limitation: information relating to both Parties products or technology, price lists, customer
lists (including without limitation the names, addresses, telephone numbers, email addresses or other identifying or contact information
pertaining to persons or concerns that are, were, or are likely to become IM Telecom customers), business plans, processes, trade secrets,
know-how, ideas, inventions (whether patentable or not), computer programs, names and expertise of employees and consultants, all information
relating to customers and customer transactions and other technical, business, financial, customer and product development plans, forecasts,
strategies and information, any information about the financial or business affairs of IM Telecom, and any information that by its very
nature may be reasonably assumed to be confidential in accordance with industry standards (Confidential Information).

15.3. Each Party shall use reasonable precautions to protect Confidential Information and employ at least those
precautions that it employs to protect its own confidential or proprietary information. Confidential Information shall not
include information either party can document (a) is in or (through no improper action or inaction by Distributor) enters the public domain
(and is readily available without substantial effort), or (b) was rightfully in its possession or known by its prior to the receipt from
the other Party, or (c) was rightfully disclosed to it by another person without restriction, or (d) is expressly permitted pursuant to
this Agreement, (e) was independently developed by Distributor by persons without access to such information and without use of any
Confidential Information (f) was required by law or court order. Furthermore, Distributor may disclose the terms and conditions of this
Agreement as is necessary in order for Distributor to make any public disclosures required under federal or state securities laws or regulations.
Distributor acknowledges and agrees that due to the unique nature of IM Telecoms Confidential Information, there can be no

Distributor Agreement Page 12

adequate remedy at law for any breach
of its obligations hereunder, that any such breach may allow the Distributor or third parties to unfairly compete with IM Telecom resulting
in irreparable harm to IM Telecom, and therefore, that upon any such breach or any threat thereof, IM Telecom shall be entitled to appropriate
equitable relief in addition to whatever remedies it might have at law. Distributor will notify IM Telecom in writing immediately upon
the occurrence of any unauthorized release of Confidential Information.

15.4. Except as provided above, neither Party shall disclose the terms of this Agreement to any third party
without the prior written consent of the other Party.

15.5. Any material breach of this Section will constitute a material breach of this Agreement; provided, that
if the release of the information described in Section 15.1 above is covered by Distributors cyber and technology services insurance
policies such release of information shall not constitute a breach under this this Section 15.

16. Compliance with Laws. The Parties desire and intend that this Agreement and the performance of
the Distribution Services hereunder comply fully with all Applicable Telecommunications Laws and Regulations, and this Agreement shall
be interpreted and applied in such manner as is consistent with all such laws. If the FCC or any state body of competent jurisdiction
determines that any provision of this Agreement violates any communications licenses or the Applicable Telecommunications Laws and Regulations
or the Licenses, the Parties shall use their best efforts to immediately bring this Agreement into compliance therewith, consistent with
the non-violative terms and provisions of this Agreement. It is expressly understood and agreed by the Parties that nothing in this Agreement
is intended to give the Distributor any right which would be deemed to constitute a transfer of control (as defined in the Applicable
Telecommunications Laws and Regulations) of IM Telecom of its Business, any or all of its Licenses, or of one or more of its communications
licenses to Distributor.

17. Miscellaneous

17.1. Force Majeure. No Party shall be held responsible for any delay or failure to perform hereunder
for which delay or failure is due to acts of God, fire, flood, earthquake, ice storms, or other natural disasters, solar flares, explosions,
severe weather conditions, national or regional emergencies, insurrections, embargoes, a governmental authoritys failure to timely
act, riots or other civil unrest, wars, invasions or hostilities (whether war is declared or not), terrorism threats or acts, strikes,
lockouts, labor disputes, labor stoppages or slowdowns. The impacted Party will promptly notify the other in writing of the occurrence
and details of any force majeure that has caused, or is likely to cause, the notifying Party to fail to perform its obligations under
this agreement and will use diligent efforts to end the failure or delay and ensure the effects of such force majeure event are minimized.
Failure of a Party to perform under this agreement due to the occurrence of a force majeure event lasting more than thirty (30) days will,
upon twenty-four (24) hours written notice to the other Parties hereto, represent a

Distributor Agreement Page 13

ground for termination by a Party of
the service affected by such force majeure, without termination fees or other liability or obligation.

17.2. No Waiver. The waiver by any Party of any right hereunder, or waiver relative to a failure to perform
or breach by the other Parties hereto, will not be deemed as a waiver of any other right hereunder, or a waiver relative to any other
or subsequent breach of failure of the other Parties hereto of the same or similar or dissimilar nature.

17.3. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, all of which taken together,
shall constitute a single Agreement between the Parties. Each Party acknowledges that it has read and understood this Agreement and that
it has had the opportunity to consult with legal counsel.

17.4. Headings. The section headings used herein are for reference and convenience only and shall not
enter into the interpretation of this Agreement.

17.5. Survival. The term of this Agreement (the Term) will commence on the date hereof
and continue for a period of eight (8) years, unless extended or terminated by mutual agreement of the Parties; provided, however, the
Term will renew for successive terms of five (5) years unless either Party provides notice of non-renewal at least one hundred eighty
(180) days in advance of the natural expiration of the then-existing Term. 6 (Payment), 7 (Indemnification), 8 (Insurance), 10 (Limitation
of Liability), 13 (Governing Law, Jurisdiction and Venue) and 15 (Confidentiality), of this Agreement will be deemed to survive the termination
or expiration of this Agreement. The Parties further agree that any provisions of this Agreement that by their nature would survive termination
shall so survive.

17.6. No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement benefits solely the Parties to this Agreement and
their respective permitted successors and assigns and nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, confers to any other Person any legal
or equitable right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement.

17.7. Disputes Generally.

17.7.1. Upon mutual agreement of the Parties, any dispute arising under this Agreement may be submitted to mediation
upon terms and conditions agreed to by the Parties. If, within five (5) business days after a dispute arises, the Parties have not agreed
to mediation or if the Parties agree to mediation but mediation is unsuccessful and such dispute is not resolved within fifteen (15) days
after submission to mediation, except as otherwise set forth in this Section 17.7, any and all disputes, claims and controversies
based on, arising out of, under or in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby (including actions arising
in contract or tort and any claims by a party against another party related in any way to

Distributor Agreement Page 14

this Agreement), or any course of conduct,
course of dealing, statement (written or verbal) or action of any party, or any exercise by any party of their respective rights under
this Agreement or in any way relating to this Agreement that are brought before a forum in which pre-dispute waivers of the right to trial
by jury are invalid under applicable law (each, a Dispute) shall be settled and resolved by binding arbitration in
Las Vegas, Nevada, before a single arbitrator with the JAMS (JAMS) pursuant to the then prevailing JAMS Streamlined
Arbitration Rules and Procedures except as modified by this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, any disagreement among the parties
as to whether a dispute, claim or controversy is subject to arbitration under the terms of this Agreement shall constitute a Dispute.

17.7.2. In reaching a decision on any Dispute, the arbitrator shall be bound by the provisions of this Agreement
and by the law that the parties have selected to govern the enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement. The arbitrators decision
on the Dispute shall be a final and binding determination, and such decision may be confirmed and shall be fully enforceable as an arbitration
award in any court having jurisdiction and venue over the parties. The arbitrator shall have exclusive jurisdiction to determine any questions
of arbitrability and any such question shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act. Each party agrees to accept service of process
for all arbitration proceedings in accordance with the notice provisions of this Agreement.

17.7.3. Nothing in this Section17.7 is intended to restrict or prevent a party from (i) joining any party
as a defendant in any action brought by or against a third party; (ii) bringing an action in court to effect any attachment or garnishment;
(iii) bringing an action in court to compel arbitration as required by this Section17.7, or solely, in the case of Distributor,
(iv) seeking equitable or injunctive relief.

17.7.4. If a Dispute includes multiple claims, some of which are found not subject to this Agreement, the parties
shall stay the proceedings of the Disputes or part or parts thereof not subject to this Agreement until all other Disputes or parts thereof
are resolved in accordance with this Agreement. If there are Disputes by or against multiple parties, some of which are not subject to
this Agreement, the parties shall sever the Disputes subject to this Agreement and resolve them in accordance with this Agreement.

17.7.5. During the pendency of any Dispute which is submitted to arbitration in accordance with this Agreement,
each of the parties to such Dispute shall bear equal shares of the fees charged and costs incurred by the arbitrator in performing the
services described in this Agreement.

17.7.6. The prevailing party shall be entitled to reasonable costs of arbitration and legal fees, including reasonable
attorney fees, expert witness fees, paralegal fees, the fees of the arbitrator and other reasonable costs and disbursements

Distributor Agreement Page 15

charged to the party by its counsel,
in such amount as is determined by the arbitrator.

17.7.7. THE PARTIES UNDERSTAND THAT EACH PARTY IS CONSENTING TO, AND AGREEING TO PARTICIPATE IN REMOTE PROCEEDINGS
WITH RESPECT TO THE ARBITRATION OF ANY DISPUTE, AND FURTHER AUTHORIZES AND DIRECTS THE ARBITRATOR TO COMPEL THE REMOTE PROCEEDINGS OF
SUCH ARBITRATION.

17.7.8. Because each party is giving up the right to litigate any Dispute, each party herein further confirms
that it has read and understands the provisions in this Section17.7, and that it has further benefited from the advice of counsel.
Additionally, by becoming a party to this Agreement, each party is voluntarily giving up important constitutional rights to trial by judge
or jury, as well as rights to appeal. Each party understands that it has the right to have an independent attorney of its choice review
this Section17.7, as well as this entire Agreement prior to becoming a party to this Agreement.

Distributor Agreement Page 16

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have
executed this Agreement by their respective authorized representatives below:

For Excess
Telecom, Inc.:

Excess Telecom,
Inc. a Nevada corporation

By: /s/ Cobby Pourtavosi

(signature)

Name: Cobby Pourtavosi

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Date: March 4, 2025

For KonaTel,
Inc.:

KonaTel,
Inc., a Delaware corporation

By: /s/ Charles D. Griffin

(signature)

Name: Charles D. Griffin

Title: President

Date: March 4, 2025

Agreed
to and acknowledged by IM Telecom, LLC, an Oklahoma limited liability company.

IM TELECOM, LLC, an Oklahoma limited liability company

By: /s/ Charles D. Griffin

Charles D. Griffin

Authorized Representative and President
of KonaTel, Inc. in its capacity as a Member of the Company

Distributor Agreement Page 17
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>exhibit104.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.4
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.4

Exhibit 10.4

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED OPERATING AGREEMENT

OF

IM TELECOM, LLC

AN OKLAHOMA LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY

THIS SECOND AMENDED AND
RESTATED OPERATING AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is dated as of February 8, 2025, and made effective as of January
22, 2024 (the Effective Date), and is entered into by and among those Persons identified on the signature page to
this Agreement, with reference to IM TELECOM, LLC, AN OKLAHOMA LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY (the Company).

RECITALS

A. Articles
of Organization (as may be amended from time to time, the Articles) for the Company have previously been filed with
the Office of the Oklahoma Secretary of State. Pursuant to the PSA (defined below) the Members entered into that certain Amended and Restated
Operating Agreement of the Company dated as of the Initial Closing of the PSA (the Original AROA).

B. Pursuant
to the Oklahoma Limited Liability Company Act, 2022 Oklahoma Statutes Title 18. Corporations 18-200 et seq. (as may be amended
from time to time, the Act), the Members desire to adopt and approve this Agreement as the Companys amended
and restated Operating Agreement, restating any and all operating agreements of the Company in effect prior to the Effective Date, including,
without limitation, the Original AROA.

C. To
the extent that any provision of this Agreement conflicts with any provision of the Act, the provision of this Agreement shall be deemed
to supersede such conflicting provision of the Act, so long as the Act does not prohibit such provision from being superseded.

Accordingly, by this Agreement
the Members set forth the Operating Agreement for the Company by agreeing as follows:

1.CERTAIN DEFINITIONS. As used in this Agreement, the following defined terms shall have
the following meanings:

1.1Affiliate means any Person that, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is
controlled by, or is under common control with, another Person, and includes the power to direct or cause the direction of the management
and policies of such other Person, whether through the ownership of securities, by contract or otherwise.

1.2Capital Account means the account maintained for each Member in accordance with Section 5.1 to this Agreement.

1.3Capital Contribution means, with respect to each Member, the total amount of cash and fair market value of
property contributed to the Company by the particular Member, and accepted by the Members on behalf of the Company, and which, by the
terms of this

Agreement, constitutes a contribution to the
capital of the Company.

1.4Capital Event means the sale or other disposition of the Company or any of its material assets; provided,
that, to the extent any Capital Event involves the transfer of any Companys license or permit issued or approved by the Federal
Communications Commission (FCC) or any state or local license or permit equivalent or ancillary thereto, for the purpose
of this Agreement, the Final Closing under the PSA will be deemed and construed to have occurred.

1.5Claims means collectively, demands, judgments, settlements, penalties, claims, lawsuits, liabilities, damages,
costs, losses, expenses, obligations and fines, including reasonable attorneys, accountants and other professional fees,
costs and expenses.

1.6Class A Member means Excess Telecom, Inc., a Nevada corporation.

1.7Class B Member means KonaTel, Inc., a Delaware corporation.

1.8Code means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time.

1.9Covered Person means (i) the Class A Member, and (ii) each Related Party or Affiliate of the Class A Member.

1.10Disability means any physical or mental incapacity rendering an individual incapable of substantially handling
such individuals business and affairs as determined by an independent physician selected by the Company, and the actual
inability of such Person to handle such Persons business and affairs for a period of no less than one hundred twenty days during
any twelve (12) month period.

1.11Distribution Percentage means, (1) in the case of the Class B Member, during a reference period (the Distribution
Reference Period), the percentage equal to (i) the Distributable Proceeds of the Company (after accruing or reserving therefrom
all relevant Operating Expenses as apportioned and adjusted pursuant to Section 1.12) received during such Distribution Reference Period
directly from the sales of goods and services to Infiniti Mobile Channel End Users, divided by (ii) the aggregate Distributable Proceeds
of the Company during the applicable Distribution Reference Period, multiplied by (iii) One Hundred Percent (100%), and (2) in the case
of the Class A Member, One Hundred Percent (100%) minus the Class B Members Distribution Percentage during a relevant Distribution
Reference Period.

1.12Distributable Proceeds means all proceeds that the Company receives for its own account resulting from (1)
the operation of the business of the Company, including, without limitation, any funds received for claims for reimbursements from the
Universal Service Administrative Company (USAC) under the Lifeline Program administered by USAC (LifeLine)
and state Lifeline administrators (and any funds received under the Affordable Connectivity Program) and any other amounts owed or paid
by the Companys customers (collectively, the Distributable Proceeds in this clause (1) being, Operating Proceeds),
or (2) any sale, exchange, or other dispositions of property, including condemnation or casualty (collectively, the Distributable Proceeds
in this clause (2) being, Capital Event Proceeds), less the payment of all expenses of the Company incurred in connection
with such item of Operating

- 2
- 

Proceeds or Capital Event Proceeds, as the
case may be (including, without limitation, general overhead and expenses incurred by the Company at the direction of the relevant Member,
collectively Operating Expenses), and less the establishment of any reserves that the Members reasonably elect to
maintain subject to the terms of Section 5.3 below. To the extent the parties fail to, or cannot readily calculate Operating Expenses
with respect to specific revenue promptly following the receipt of such revenue, the relevant Member that caused the Company to incur
such Operating Expenses will remain liable and responsible for, and will pay, perform and discharge fully and timely when due, all costs
and expenses incurred by, or undertaken in connection with, such Members own activities, sales of goods and services, and other
commercial undertakings by, under, or through the Company. To the extent that any allocation of Operating Expenses (including administrative
expense), Profits, Losses, or other matter is not naturally attributable or allocated to a specific Member, the Members will reasonably
and equitably allocate such matters.

1.13Distribution means the transfer of money or property (including as Distributable Proceeds) by the Company
to one or more Members with respect to their Membership Interests, without separate consideration.

1.14Economic Interest means a Members right to receive distributions of the Companys assets and
allocations of income, gain, loss, deduction, credit and similar items from the Company pursuant to this Agreement and the Act, but shall
not include any other rights of a Member, such as, without limitation, the right to vote on matters on which the Members vote is
required or any right to information concerning the Companys business and affairs.

1.15Enterprise shall mean the Company and any other Person, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan, entity
or other enterprise that a Person is or was serving at the express written request of the Company as a manager, officer, employee, agent
or fiduciary.

1.16Expenses means and includes all reasonable attorneys fees, retainers, court costs, transcript costs,
fees of experts, witness fees, travel expenses, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service
fees and all other disbursements or expenses of the types customarily incurred in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to
prosecute or defend, investigating, participating, or being or preparing to be a witness in a Claim, or responding to, or objecting to,
a request to provide discovery in any Claim. Expenses also shall include Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from
any Claim and any federal, state, local or foreign taxes imposed on the Indemnitee as a result of the actual or deemed receipt of any
payments under this Agreement, including the premium, security for, and other costs relating to any cost bond, supersede as bond, or other
appeal bond or its equivalent. Expenses, will expressly include amounts paid in settlement by an Indemnified Party or the amount of judgments
or fines against an Indemnified Party.

1.17Fair Market Value means the amount that would be paid for specific property in cash at the closing by a hypothetical
willing buyer to a hypothetical willing seller, each having knowledge of all relevant facts and neither being under a compulsion to buy
or sell, as reasonably determined by the Members in good faith.

1.18Fiscal Year means (i) any twelve-month period commencing on January 1 and ending on December 31; and (ii)
the period commencing on the immediately preceding

- 3
- 

January 1 and ending on the date on which all
property is distributed to the Members pursuant to the dissolution provisions of Section 8.4 of this Agreement.

1.19Insolvency Proceeding means, and shall supersede and replace any definition of bankruptcy set
forth in the Act, with respect to a Person, that such Person (specifically, with respect to an individual, such individual, and with respect
to an entity, such entity), whereby an involuntary transfer of any Units held by such Person occurs where such Person: (i) applies for,
or consents to, the appointment of a receiver, trustee or liquidator of such Person or of all, or substantially all, of such Persons
assets; (ii) files a voluntary petition in bankruptcy or admits in writing such Persons inability to pay such Persons debts
as they become due; (iii) makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; (iv) files a petition or an answer seeking reorganization
or arrangement with creditors or takes advantage of any insolvency law; (v) is subject to an order, judgment or decree that is entered
by a court of competent jurisdiction or an application of a creditor, adjudicating to be bankrupt or insolvent, or approving a petition
seeking reorganization or appointing a receiver, trustee or liquidator of all, or substantially all, of such Persons assets, and
such order, judgment or decree shall not have been dismissed within one hundred (120) days following the commencement thereof, or if within
90 days after the appointment without such Persons consent or acquiescence of a trustee, receiver or liquidator of such Person
or of all or any substantial part of its properties, the appointment is not vacated or stayed, or within 90 days after the expiration
of any such stay, the appointment is not vacated; or (vi) any material portion of such Persons properties or assets is attached,
seized, subjected to a writ or distress warrant, or is levied upon, or comes into the possession of any other Person.

1.20Liabilities means liabilities, obligations or commitments of any nature whatsoever, asserted or unasserted,
known or unknown, absolute or contingent, accrued or unaccrued, matured or unmatured or otherwise.

1.21Member means each Person who holds a Membership Interest in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, so
long as such Person holds a Membership Interest; and Members means such Persons collectively. The Members and their
respective Units, Capital Contributions, Capital Accounts, and Percentage Interests are set forth on Exhibit A (as amended by the
Members from time to time in accordance with this Agreement) and in the books and records of the Company.

1.22Members Approval means the vote, written consent or written approval of Members whose aggregate Percentage
Interests exceeds Fifty-One Percent (51%) of all Member Percentage Interests, provided, that the Members Approval will be subject
to, or be deemed and construed granted or withheld, as the case may be, pursuant to the terms of the other Transaction Documents.

1.23Membership Interest means a Members entire interest in the Company, including such Members membership
or limited liability company interest (as defined in the Act), Economic Interest, transferable interest, right to vote or participate
in management, and right to information concerning the business and affairs of the Company as provided in the Act, together with such
Members obligations to comply with this Agreement.

1.24Percentage Interest for each Member is determined by (i) dividing the

- 4
- 

number of Units of each class of Membership
Interests owned by such Member by the total number of Units issued by the Company, then (ii) multiplying such quotient by One Hundred
Percent (100%), but in each case subject to any adjustment that may be required pursuant to this Agreement.

1.25Person means an individual or entity in any capacity, including any trust, estate, custodian, nominee, association,
partnership, limited partnership, corporation, limited liability company, or other entity of any kind, whether domestic or foreign corporation.

1.26Prime Rate means the prime rate (or base rate) reported in the Money Rates
column or section of the United States version of The Wall Street Journal in the last published edition.

1.27Principal means any individual who, with respect to an entity, (i) is the principal owner, manager or operator
of such entity; (ii) has the right to exercise, directly or indirectly, control over the voting rights of such entity; or (iii) has the
power to direct or cause the direction of such entitys management and policies (whether such power is direct or indirect and whether
such power is exercised through the ownership of voting interests, by contract or otherwise).

1.28Profits and Losses mean, for each Fiscal Year, an amount equal to the Companys
Taxable income or loss for such Fiscal Year, determined in accordance with Code 703(a) (for this purpose, all items of income,
gain, loss, or deduction required to be stated separately pursuant to Code 703(a)(1) shall be included in Taxable income or loss),
with the following adjustments (without duplication):

1.28.1Any income of the Company that is exempt from federal income Tax and not otherwise taken into account in computing Profits or Losses
pursuant to this definition of Profits and Losses shall be added to such Taxable income or loss;

1.28.2Any expenditures of the Company described in Code 705(a)(2)(B) or treated as Code 705(a)(2)(B) expenditures pursuant
to Regulations 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(i), and not otherwise taken into account in computing Profits or Losses pursuant to this definition
of Profits and Losses shall be subtracted from such Taxable income or loss;

1.28.3In the event the Gross Asset Value of any property is adjusted pursuant to the definition of Gross Asset Value, the amount of such
adjustment shall be treated as an item of gain (if the adjustment increases the Gross Asset Value of the property) or an item of loss
(if the adjustment decreases the Gross Asset Value of the item of property) from the disposition of such property and shall be taken into
account for purposes of computing Profits or Losses;

1.28.4Gain or loss resulting from any disposition of property with respect to which gain or loss is recognized for federal income Tax
purposes shall be computed by reference to the Gross Asset Value of the property disposed of, notwithstanding that the adjusted Tax basis
of such property differs from its Gross Asset Value;

1.28.5In lieu of the depreciation, amortization, and other cost recovery

- 5
- 

deductions taken into account in computing
such Taxable income or loss, there shall be taken into account Depreciation for such Fiscal Year, computed in accordance with the definition
of Depreciation;

1.28.6To the extent an adjustment to the adjusted Tax basis of any item of property pursuant to Code 734(b) is required, pursuant
to Regulations 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(m)(4) , to be taken into account in determining Capital Accounts as a result of a distribution
other than in liquidation of a Members Membership Interest, the amount of such adjustment shall be treated as an item of gain (if
the adjustment increases the basis of the item of property) or loss (if the adjustment decreases such basis) from the disposition of such
item of property and shall be taken into account for purposes of computing Profits or Losses; and

1.28.7Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 1.28, any items that are specially allocated pursuant to Section 5.1 shall
not be taken into account in computing Profits or Losses.

1.29PSA means the Membership Interest Purchase Agreement , dated and effective as of January 22, 2024, by and
among KonaTel, Inc., a Delaware corporation (as Seller); and Excess Telecom, Inc., a Nevada corporation (as Buyer)
with respect to the Units in the Company.

1.30Regulations means the income Tax regulations, including temporary regulations, promulgated under the Code,
as such regulations are amended from time to time.

1.31Related Party means (i) with respect to any individual, (A) a child, heir, ascendant, descendant or more remote
issue of such individual, or the estate of any of the foregoing individuals, (B) any trust or family partnership whose beneficiaries shall
solely be such individual or any individual included in subsection (A) above, and (C) the estate of such individual;(ii) with respect
to any Person which is not an individual, any other Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries controls, is
controlled by, or is under common control with or for the sole benefit of, such Person or one or more Persons included in subsection (i)
above; and (iii) with respect to any trust, any individual who is currently the beneficiary of such trust or an ascendant or descendant
of such beneficiary. For the purposes of this definition, the term control (including, with correlative meanings, the terms
controlled by and under common control with), as used with respect to any Person, means, with respect to a
corporation or limited liability company, the right to exercise, directly or indirectly, more than Fifty Percent (50%) of the voting rights
in such controlled corporation or limited liability company and, with respect to any partnership, trust, other entity or association,
the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of the controlled
entity. In the case of a partnership, the term Related Party shall also include any general partner of such partnership.

1.32Representative means, with respect to any Person, any and all directors, officers, managers employees, consultants,
financial advisors, counsel, accountants and other agents of such Person, and the predecessors, successors, and assigns of each of the
foregoing.

1.33Security or security means any stock, shares, membership or limited liability company
interests, partnership interests, voting trust certificates, certificates of interest or

- 6
- 

participation in any profit-sharing agreement
or arrangement, options, warrants, bonds, debentures, notes, or other evidences of indebtedness, secured or unsecured, convertible, subordinated
or otherwise, or in general any instruments commonly known as securities or any certificates of interest, shares or participations
in temporary or interim certificates for purchase or acquisition of, or any right to subscribe to, purchase or acquire, any of the foregoing.

1.34Tax or Taxes (and, with correlative meaning, Taxable) means, without
duplication, charges, fees, contributions, social contributions, contributions on economic intervention imposts, levies or any other assessments
imposed by any Tax Authority, of any country, state, province or municipality, including all income, profits, revenues, franchise, services,
receipts, gross receipts, margin, capital, financial, net worth, sales, use, excise, recording, real estate, real estate transfer, escheat,
unclaimed property, withholding, alternative minimum or add on, ad valorem, inventory, payroll, estimated, goods and services, employment,
welfare, social security, disability, occupation, unemployment, general business, premium, real property, personal property, capital stock,
stock transfer, stamp, transfer, documentary, conveyance, production, windfall profits, pension, duties, customs duties, contributions
on import transactions, value added and other similar , withholdings, duties, charges, fees, levies, imposts, license and registration
fees, governmental charges and assessments, including related interest, penalties, fines, additions to and expenses levied by any national,
federal, state and local Tax Authority.

1.35Tax Authority means any national, federal, state, local, or municipal governmental authority exercising authority
to charge, audit, regulate or administer the imposition of Taxes.

1.36Transaction Documents means the Transaction Documents defined in the PSA, including without limitation, the
Management Agreement by and among the Company and the Members dated on or around the date hereof.

1.37Transfer or transfer means, with respect to any Units, the assignment, sale, transfer,
tender, pledge, hypothecation, or the grant, creation or suffrage of a lien or encumbrance in or upon, or the gift, placement in trust,
or the Constructive Sale (as such term is defined below) or other disposition of such Units (including transfer by testamentary or intestate
succession, merger or otherwise by operation of law) or any right, title or interest therein (including any right or power to vote to
which the holder thereof may be entitled, whether such right or power is granted by irrevocable proxy or otherwise), or the record or
beneficial ownership thereof, the offer to make such a sale, transfer, Constructive Sale or other disposition, and each agreement, arrangement
or understanding, whether or not in writing, to effect any of the foregoing. Constructive Sale means, with respect
to any Units, entering into a put equivalent position or any call equivalent position, a short sale with respect
to such Units, entering into or acquiring an offsetting derivative contract with respect to such Units, entering into or acquiring a futures
or forward contract to deliver such security, or entering into any other hedging or other derivative transaction that has the effect of
materially changing the economic benefits and risks of ownership.

1.38Units means denominated units of Membership Interests held by a Member representing such Members Membership
Interest in the Company.

- 7
- 

2.COMPANY GENERALLY.

2.1Effective Date. The Members have formed a limited liability company pursuant to the Act effective as of the filing
of the Articles with the Office of the Oklahoma Secretary of State. The effective date of this Agreement is the Effective Date, provided
further, that each Member will become a party hereto effective as of the date such Member acquires Units and executes a signature page
or joinder to this Agreement. This Agreement expressly restates and supersedes the Original AROA.

2.2Name and Principal Place of Business. The name of the Company is set forth in the Articles. The Company may conduct
business under that name or any other name authorized by the Members Approval. The Companys principal place of business
shall be at such place as may be authorized by the Members Approval from time to time.

2.3Term. The term of the Company shall commence as of the time the Company is formed and shall continue until the termination
of the Company as set forth in this Agreement. Dissolution of the Company will be effective on the day on which the event occurs giving
rise to the dissolution, but the Company will not terminate until the assets of the Company have been liquidated and distributed as provided
in this Agreement. Notwithstanding the dissolution of the Company, prior to the termination of the Company, the business of the Company
and the rights and obligations of the Members will continue to be governed by this Agreement.

2.4Registered Agent. The Company shall continuously maintain an office and registered agent in the State of Oklahoma
as required by the Act. The registered agent shall be as stated in the Articles or as otherwise authorized by the Members Approval.

2.5Companys Business. The business of the Company shall be the business of providing prepaid wireless phone services
throughout the United States through online marketing and through distributors to low-income customers that qualify for the Affordable
Connectivity Program (collectively, the Business Purpose).

2.6Companys Powers. Subject to any limitations contained in the Articles or in the Act or any other applicable
laws, and except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, the Company shall have all the powers of a natural person in carrying
out its business activities.

2.7Title to Company Assets. Title to, and all right and interest in and to, the Companys assets shall be acquired
by, and held in the name of, the Company.

2.8Restrictions on Member Activities.

2.8.1Confidential Information. Each Member agrees that, while such Person is a Member and for a period of three (3) years thereafter
(the Restricted Period), such Member shall not divulge, furnish or make accessible to anyone or use in any way (other
than in the ordinary course of the business of the Company or its subsidiaries, affiliates and divisions and the Members business activities
under the Management Agreement) any of Companys Confidential Information. As used in this Agreement, Companys
Confidential Information means any confidential or secret information regarding the Company, Company trade secrets (including
trade secrets as defined in the Uniform Trade Secrets Act and the 2016 Federal Defend Trade Secrets Act), and any other
confidential or secret aspect of the business of the

- 8
- 

Company. Without limiting the generality of
the foregoing, the parties agree the Companys Confidential Information includes (a) any knowledge or information concerning the
Companys business, whether developed by a Member, or by others, and whether developed or acquired by the Company or from others,
(b) the Companys planned business operations and business plan for future operations, (c) the Companys confidential or secret
development or research work (including information concerning any future or proposed services or products), (d) all of the Companys
accounting, cost, revenue and other financial records and documents, as well as the contents of such information, and (e) the Companys
documents, contracts, agreements, correspondence and other similar business records. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
Agreement, Confidential Information excludes any information (1) that was already known to a recipient at the time such recipient received
the same from the disclosing party or the Company, (2) that is or becomes available to the public other than by reason of breach of this
Section; (3) that a recipient is required to disclose pursuant to judicial action or decree having jurisdiction over such recipient, but
only so long as such recipient gives the Company and the disclosing Person written notice of the requirement that the recipient disclose
such Confidential Information and such recipient does not make such disclosure unless and until the parties have had a reasonable period
of time to challenge such judicial action or decree or (4) that is required to be filed or disclosed under federal and state securities
laws. The Members agree that monetary damages would be an inadequate remedy for any breach of the provisions of this Section and that
the Company and each Member, as applicable, may, therefore, seek injunctive relief in the case of any such breach or threatened breach
of the provisions of this Section with respect to such Persons Confidential Information, without the necessity to post bond or
prove actual damages.

2.8.2Competing Activities. The Members and their respective Affiliates may engage or invest in any activity even if it directly
or indirectly competes with the Company, including (i) serving as the manager or controlling Person of any entity which directly competes
with the Company, or (ii) rendering services or furnishing advice to any such entity. Neither the Company nor any Member shall have any
right in or to such other activities or to the income or proceeds derived therefrom; (B) no Member shall be obligated to present any investment
or business opportunity to the Company, even if the opportunity is one that could be taken by the Company; and (C) each Member shall have
the right to hold any investment or business opportunity for such Members own account or to recommend such opportunity to persons
other than the Company.

2.8.3Non-Solicit. Each Member agrees that, during the Restricted Period, such Member, and any person or entity acting on behalf
of, under the control of or otherwise in affiliation with such Member, may not directly or indirectly do any of the following: (i) intentionally
solicit, call on, divert, take away, influence or induce any of the other Members (the Other Member) (a) client,
customers, or distributors or prospective customers or distributors (wherever located) with respect to goods, products or services that
are competitive with the Other Members business, or (b) suppliers or vendors or prospective suppliers or vendors (wherever located)
to supply materials, resources or services to be used in connection with goods or services that are competitive with those of the Other
Members business, or in a manner that would materially and adversely affect the Other Members relationship with such persons;
(ii) hire, solicit, or take away any person or entity who or which was an employee of or service provider or consultant to the Other Member
within the twelve (12) month period prior to the date of such hiring, solicitation, or taking away, or is or becomes at any time during
the Restricted Period an

- 9
- 

employee or service provider or consultant
of the Other Member or any of its Affiliates or Related Parties; or (iii) directly or indirectly assist any Person or entity to take or
attempt or offer to take any of the foregoing actions described in this Section; provided, however, the foregoing provisions of this Section
will not be deemed or construed to restrict general solicitations that may, without specific intent, violate the foregoing terms of this
Section.

2.9Related Party Transactions. Notwithstanding the provisions of the Act, by executing this Agreement, each Member acknowledges
and understands that the Company may, in the normal course of business, enter into various transactions and business relationships with
Affiliates of the Members.

3.MEMBERS.

3.1Purchase Agreement. Reference is made to PSA by and between Excess Telecom, Inc. (Buyer or the
Class A Member) and KonaTel, Inc. ( Seller or the Class B Member) with
reference to the purchase and sale of the Companys Membership Interests , that certain Management Services Agreement by any among
the Company, the Class A Member, and the Class B Member (the Management Services Agreement), the Distribution Agreement
by and among the Company, the Class A Member, and the Class B Member as the distributor thereunder (the Distribution Agreement),
the Master Distribution Agreement by and among the Company, the Class A Member as the distributor thereunder, and the Class B Member (the
Master Distribution Agreement and together with the PSA, the Management Services Agreement and the Master Distribution
Agreement, the Other Transaction Documents). Each Other Transaction Document is hereby incorporated by reference.

3.2Authorization of Units. The Company shall have authority to issue 490,000 Units designated Class A Membership Interests
(the Class A Units), and 510,000 Units designated as Class B Membership Interests (the Class B Units).
The Class A Member is hereby authorized to modify and amend this Agreement to reflect the number of authorized and issued Units under
each Subscription Agreements accepted by the Company, and subsequently, pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. The number of authorized
Units of each Class shall not be reduced below the number of issued and outstanding Units of each Class.

3.3No Voluntary Withdrawal, Retirement, Resignation and Dissociation. Notwithstanding any provision of the Act, a Member
may not voluntarily withdraw, retire, resign or dissociate (in each instance Withdraw) without the Members
Approval (excluding the vote of the Member seeking to Withdraw). A Members Withdrawal shall not release the Member from any obligation
or liability to the Company or the other Members arising prior to such Withdrawal, including any guaranty or indemnification obligations
of such Member. Any attempted or threatened Withdrawal by a Member without the required consent provided above shall be null and void.

3.4Member Meetings. No annual or regular meetings of the Members are required to be held. Any meeting may be held if
authorized by one or more Members who or which hold voting Membership Interests of at least a Thirty Percent (30%) Percentage Interest
in the aggregate. Any consent, approval or vote of the Members may be obtained by written consent or by noticed meeting. Unless expressly
otherwise provided in this Agreement, all other matters

- 10
- 

relating to meetings of the Members, including
notice, voting and other procedural requirements, shall be governed by and shall comply with the applicable provisions of the Act. Members
may participate in any meeting of Members by means of telephonic or electronic communication, provided all Persons participating in the
meeting can hear each other, and such participation in a meeting shall constitute presence in person at the meeting.

3.5Vote Required. Notwithstanding anything else to the contrary in the Act, any matter requiring the Members
vote, consent or approval under this Agreement shall require the Members Approval, except where (a) a different voting requirement
is expressly set forth this Agreement, or (b) the Act sets forth a different voting requirement and expressly prohibits this Agreement
from modifying such voting requirement. Any action required to be taken by the Members may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice
and without a tallied vote, if a consent in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the Members required to approve
such action in accordance with the terms herein. Unless the consent of all Members entitled to vote has been solicited in writing, prompt
notice of any action by written consent of the Members constituting Members Approval pursuant to this Section 3.5 shall be given
to the Members.

3.6Certification of Membership Interest as a Security.

3.6.1The Company hereby irrevocably elects that all limited liability company interests and Units in the Company shall constitute a
security within the meaning of, and governed by, (i) Article 8 of the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time
to time in the State of Oklahoma (the UCC). Notwithstanding any provision of the Operating Agreement to the contrary,
to the extent that any provision of this Agreement is inconsistent with any non-waivable provision of Article 8 of the UCC, such provision
of Article 8 of the UCC shall control.

3.6.2Contemporaneous with the execution of this Agreement, the Company shall issue one (1) Membership Interest Certificate (as defined
below) in the name of each Member. Such Membership Interest Certificate shall represent and evidence 100% of the Units issued to such
Member and shall be signed by all Members. Membership Interest Certificate means a certificate issued and endorsed
by the Company which evidences the ownership of Units.

3.6.3In addition to the foregoing, the Class B Member hereby specifically agrees and acknowledges that until the Final Closing under
the PSA, the Class B Member shall give the Class A Member possession and control (within the meaning of the UCC) of the Membership Interest
Certificate representing the Class B Units.

4.MANAGEMENT AND CONTROL OF THE COMPANY.

4.1Restriction on Authority. No Member, acting solely in the capacity of a Member, is an agent of the Company, nor can
any Member execute any instrument on behalf of the Company, or act for, or bind the Company in connection with any matter whatsoever.
Without limiting the foregoing provisions of this Section 4.1, and notwithstanding anything else to the contrary in this Agreement or
the Act, the Members Approval, per Section 3.5 hereof, is required for any of the actions set forth below in this Section 4.1.

- 11
- 

4.1.1 Amend this Agreement, the Articles or any of the Companys other organizational or governing documents;

4.1.2Amend any Transaction Document, or assert any claim or defense on behalf of the Company under any Transaction Document;

4.1.3Engage in activity or enterprise that is outside of the Business Purpose;

4.1.4Admit new Members to the Company, or cause the Company to issue additional membership interests to any third party or to an existing
Member;

4.1.5Approve any transfer of all or any portion of a Members Membership Interest;

4.1.6Guarantee, assume, acquire or otherwise become liable for any liability, indebtedness or obligation of any other Person;

4.1.7Establish any budget or reserves for the Company or other allocation of funds for, or authorize the payment to any Person with
respect to, the employment of any Person or engagement of any third party for the rendering of services for or on behalf of the Company;

4.1.8Authorize any transaction that is not in the ordinary course and conduct of the Companys business;

4.1.9Enter into any binding commitment that cannot be cancelled on thirty (30) days notice without fee or penalty, other than
agreements with End Users;

4.1.10Make any amendment or modification to, or assert or make any concession, claim, or defense, under any agreement or commitment under
any commercial agreement, other than agreements with End Users or undertaken pursuant to the other Transaction Documents;

4.1.11Enter into any binding commitment that obligates or is reasonably likely to obligated the Company to incur expenditures that are
not direct costs of sales of goods and services;

4.1.12Mortgage, pledge or otherwise encumber any assets of the Company;

4.1.13Sell, lease, exchange, or otherwise dispose of any the Companys capital assets or properties;

4.1.14Engage in any act, transaction or reorganization that would cause the Company to be classified as other than a partnership for
federal income tax purposes;

4.1.15Engage in any act that would make it impossible for the Company to carry on its business in the ordinary course;

- 12
- 

4.1.16 Alter in any material manner the accounting methods and conventions to be used in maintaining the Companys accounting records
and the preparation of the Companys financial statements;

4.1.17Cause, permit or approve the merger or consolidation of the Company with another entity;

4.1.18Cause, permit or approve the conversion of the Company into another form of business entity;

4.1.19Confess a judgment against with respect to, or initiate or settle, any arbitration, litigation or other legal proceeding the Company;

4.1.20Cause, permit or approve the dissolution or liquidation of the Company; or

4.1.21Undertake any other act that by this Agreement requires the Members Approval or any other vote, consent or approval of the
Members.

4.2Standard of Care.

4.2.1In carrying out a Members duties in connection therewith, a Member will act in good faith. A Covered Person shall not be
personally liable to the Company or to any Member for any loss, liability, claim or damage sustained by the Company or by any Member by
reason of a Members acts or omissions or such Persons status as a Related Party or Affiliate of such Member, unless the
loss, liability, claim or damage shall have been the result of such Members actual and intentional fraud, gross negligence, or
willful misconduct, or in the case of a criminal proceeding, a knowing violation of law (the Standard of Conduct).

4.2.2This Agreement is not intended to, and does not, create or impose any fiduciary duty on any Covered Person. Furthermore, to the
fullest extent enforceable under applicable law, each of the Members and the Company hereby waives any and all fiduciary duties that,
absent such waiver, may be implied by applicable law, and in doing so, acknowledges and agrees that the duties and obligation of each
Covered Person to each other and to the Company are only as expressly set forth in this Agreement. To the extent that the provision of
this Agreement restrict the duties and liabilities of a Covered Person otherwise existing at law or in equity, such provisions of this
Agreement are agreed by the Members to replace such other duties and liabilities of such Covered Person.

4.2.3Whenever in this Agreement a Covered Person is permitted or required to make a decision (including a decision that is in such Covered
Persons discretion or under a grant of similar authority or latitude), the Covered Person shall be entitled to consider
only such interests and factors as such Covered Person desires, including its own interests, and shall have no duty or obligation to give
any consideration to any interest of or factors affecting the Company or any other Person. Whenever in this Agreement a Covered Person
is permitted or required to make a decision in such Covered Persons good faith, the Covered Person shall act under
such express standard and shall not be subject to any other or different standard imposed by this Agreement or any other applicable law.

- 13
- 

4.3Devotion of Time. No Member will be obligated to devote all of its time or business efforts to the Companys
affairs, but shall devote whatever time, effort and skill to the Company as is reasonable and appropriate to carry out the such Members
obligations hereunder.

5.ALLOCATIONS AND DISTRIBUTIONS.

5.1Allocations. Allocations and tax provisions are as set forth in Exhibit A attached to this Agreement.

5.2Distributable Proceeds. Distributable Proceeds resulting from ordinary operations of the Company will be specifically
allocated and Distributed to the Members so that the income and expenses and corresponding Distributable Proceeds of the Company, will
be Distributed to the Members in accordance with their Distribution Percentages during the relevant Distribution Reference Period for
each Distribution Reference Period (the Distribution Method). The Members will meet and confer monthly regarding
the computation of Distributions pursuant to the foregoing sentence. The Members will use all commercially reasonable efforts to cause
the Distribution of Distributable Proceeds not less frequently than monthly, in accordance with the Distribution Method following the
calculation and reserve or accrual of Operating Expenses for the relevant Distribution Reference Period. Unless otherwise determined by
the Members Approval, all Distributable Proceeds other than Operating Proceeds shall be Distributed to the Members, first, in accordance
with their respective book Capital Accounts, second to the Members in accordance with the Distribution Method.

5.3Reserves. The Members shall have the right to establish such reserves and to set aside Company funds as the Members
shall determine to be reasonable in connection with the operation of the Companys general administrative and other needs that are
not specific to the activities of either the Class A Member or the Class B Member under the Management Agreement. Any funds set aside
in such reserves shall not be available for distributions. The Members may, however, elect to make a portion of such funds subsequently
available for distributions to the extent that the Members reasonably determine that such funds are substantially in excess of the amount
reasonably necessary to provide an adequate reserve for the operation of the Companys business.

5.4Members of Record. Distributions shall be made only to those Members who are owners of record of Membership Interests
at the time the Members elect to make such distributions, as reflected on the Companys books and records. The Percentage Interest
of each Member shall be ascertained at such time, excluding any unvested Membership Interests.

5.5Advances or Drawings. Distributions of money and property may be treated as advances or drawings of money or property
against a Members distributive share of income and as current distributions made on the last day of the Companys taxable
year with respect to such Member.

5.6Return of Distributions. Except for distributions made in violation of the Act or this Agreement, or as otherwise
required by law, no Member shall be obligated to return any distribution to the Company or pay the amount of any distribution for the
account of the Company or to any creditor of the Company.

5.7Restriction on Distributions. No distribution shall be made if, after giving

- 14
- 

effect to the distribution, either of the following
applies: (i) the Company would not be able to pay its debts as they become due in the ordinary course of the Companys activities;
or (ii) the Companys total assets would be less than the sum of its total liabilities plus the amount that would be needed, if
the Company were to be dissolved, wound up, and terminated at the time of the distribution, to satisfy the preferential rights upon dissolution,
winding up, and termination of Members whose preferential rights are superior to those of persons receiving the distribution.

5.8Withholding.

5.8.1Consent to Withhold. If any law of any federal, foreign or state or local jurisdiction requires the Company to withhold
taxes or other amounts with respect to any Members allocable share of any portion of Profits, distributions or payments, then the
Company shall withhold from distributions or other amounts then due to the Member (or shall pay to the relevant taxing authority with
respect to the amounts allocable to the Member) an amount necessary to satisfy the withholding responsibility. In such a case, the Member
for whom the Company has paid withholding tax shall be deemed to have received the withheld distribution or other amount so paid and to
have paid the withholding tax directly.

5.8.2Deemed Loan. If the Company anticipates that at the due date of the Companys withholding obligation, the Members
distributions or other amounts due is less than the amount of the withholding obligation, the Member to whom the withholding obligation
applies shall have the option to pay to the Company the amount of the shortfall. If a Member fails to make such payment and the Company
nevertheless pays the full amount of the withholding obligation, then the amount paid by the Company shall be deemed a loan from the Company
to the Member bearing interest at the prime rate charged by the primary bank of the Company (or if less the maximum rate permitted by
law), and the Company shall apply all distributions or payments that otherwise would be made to such Member toward payment of the loan
and accrued interest (applied first to interest) until the loan is paid in full. To the extent such application all distributions or payments
that otherwise would be made to such Member are insufficient to pay amounts due and outstanding to the Company, such Members Membership
Interest shall be deemed to have been pledged as security therefor, and the Company may sell such Members Membership Interest.

5.8.3Cooperation. Each Member agrees to provide the Partnership Representative with any information related to such Member necessary
to (i) allow the Company to comply with any Tax reporting, Tax withholding or Tax payment obligations of the Company, or (ii) establish
the Companys legal entitlement to an exemption from, or reduction of, withholding Tax, including U.S. federal withholding Tax under
Sections 1471 and 1472 of the Code. The withholdings referred to in this Section 5.8 shall be made at the maximum applicable statutory
rate under applicable Tax Law unless the Company and the Partnership Representative receive documentation, satisfactory to the Partnership
Representative, to the effect that a lower rate is applicable, or that no withholding is applicable. Without limiting the generality of
the foregoing, if requested by the Partnership Representative, each Member will, if legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Company:
(x) an affidavit in form satisfactory to the Partnership Representative that the applicable Member (or its partners or members, as the
case may be) is not subject to withholding under the provisions of any U.S. federal, state, or local, foreign or other Law; (y) any certificate
that the Company or the Partnership Representative may reasonably request with respect to any such Laws; or (z) any other form, instrument,
declaration or other

- 15
- 

document reasonably requested by the Company
or the Partnership Representative relating to any Members status under such Law.

6.CAPITAL ACCOUNTS.

6.1Capital Accounts. The Company shall establish and maintain an individual Capital Account for each Member in accordance
with Exhibit A.

6.2No Withdrawals, Interest. Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, no Member may withdraw any part of such
Members Capital Contribution or Capital Account prior to the Companys dissolution or liquidation, and no Member shall be
entitled to any interest on any Capital Contribution or Capital Account or any share of the Companys capital.

6.3No Obligation to Restore. Nothing herein shall be construed to require any Member to restore any negative balance
in such Members Capital Account, upon a liquidation of the Company within the meaning of 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(g) of the Regulations
or otherwise, and the negative balance of any Members Capital Account shall not be considered a debt owed by the Member to the
Company or to any other Person for any purpose whatsoever.

7.TRANSFER OF MEMBERSHIP INTERESTS.

7.1Transfers Restricted. Unless expressly permitted by this Section 7, no Member may Transfer, for consideration or
by way of gift, bequest or otherwise, all or any part of his, her or its Membership Interest, whether or not any change in record or beneficial
ownership occurs, nor may all or any part of his, her or its Membership Interest be made subject to execution, attachment or similar process,
either voluntarily, involuntarily or by operation of law. Any Transfer prohibited by this Section 7 shall automatically be null and void,
and neither the Company nor any Member shall be required to recognize any such Transfer for any purpose whatsoever, nor shall the purported
transferee receive any right or benefit in the interest sought to be Transferred; provided, however, that at the discretion
of the Members Approval, the transferee may be entitled to the Economic Interest of the transferring Member. The transferor and
purported transferee of a Membership Interest with respect to a prohibited Transfer shall be jointly and severally liable to the Company
for, and shall indemnify, protect, and hold the Company harmless against, any expense, liability, or loss incurred by the Company (including
reasonable legal fees and expenses) as a result of such Transfer, the removal of such Member and liquidation of such Members Membership
Interest (if applicable), and the efforts to enforce the indemnity granted in this Section 7.1. If the provisions of this Section 7.1
are found to be void or unenforceable by a valid arbitrator or court of competent jurisdiction, or the Company is otherwise compelled
by applicable law to recognize a Transfer of a Membership Interest or any portion thereof in a manner which would otherwise violate the
foregoing provisions of this Section 7.1 (in each case, a Compelled Transfer), then, without further action, notice,
or demand by the Company, and without prejudice to the Buyout Rights set forth in this Agreement, in the event of any such Compelled Transfer,
only the Economic Interest incident to the Membership Interest subject to the purported Transfer may be subject to the Compelled Transfer.
The parties agree and acknowledge that the provisions of this Section 7.1 are the result of good faith negotiations between the parties
and form an essential basis of the bargain of this Agreement.

- 16
- 

7.2Permitted Transfers. A Member may Transfer all or any portion of such Members Membership Interest without
being subject to the restrictions on Transfer as set forth in Section 7.1 above (provided, that, in each case, the transferring
Member shall promptly provide written notice of such Transfer to the Company) if the Transfer is expressly permitted pursuant to the terms
of the PSA, and the transferor and transferee of the transferred Membership Interest comply with the terms of this Agreement (each, a
Permitted Transfer).

7.3Requirements for Valid Transfer; Effect of Transfer.

7.3.1Without limiting the Companys authority to reasonably withhold consent to the Transfer of a Membership Interest, in order
for any transfer permitted by this Section 7 to be valid, the transferring Member and intended transferee must comply with the
following requirements:

(a)The Transfer complies with all applicable laws, including any applicable securities laws.

(b)The Transfer will not cause the Company to be treated as other than a partnership for federal income Tax purposes.

(c)The Transfer will not cause the Company to be subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act of 1940.

(d)The Transfer will not cause any assets of the Company to be deemed plan assets under the Employee Retirement Income
Security Act of 1974.

(e)The Transfer will not cause the application of the Tax-exempt use property rules of Code 168(g)(1)(B) and 168(h) to
the Company or its Members, unless the Members determine that such rules will not have an adverse impact on the Members.

(f)The Transfer will not cause or revoke any of the Companys elections under the Code.

(g)The transferor and transferee have delivered to the Company any documents that the Members request in connection with the Transfer,
including any required withholding certificates and any documents to confirm that the Transfer satisfies the requirements of this Agreement,
to give effect to the Transfer, and to confirm the transferees agreement to be bound by this Agreement as an assignee Member.

(h)If requested by the Members, the Company has received a Transfer fee in an amount determined by the Members to be sufficient to
reimburse the Company for the estimated expenses likely to be incurred by the Company in connection with such Transfer.

(i)The Transfer does not violate the terms and conditions of any agreement imposing Transfer restrictions on the affected Membership
Interest.

7.3.2If a Membership Interest is validly Transferred in accordance with the above provisions of this Section 7, the transferee of such
Membership Interest shall be deemed

- 17
- 

a Member of the Company in place of the transferring
Member, and shall have all the rights and powers and shall be subject to all the restrictions and liabilities of a Member set forth under
this Agreement, together with any additional rights and powers conferred on the transferring Member and restrictions and liabilities to
which such transferring Member is subject under this Agreement. Any such Transfer shall not, however, release the transferring Member
from liability that may have existed prior to such admission.

8.DISSOLUTION AND WINDING UP OF COMPANY.

8.1Causes of Dissolution. The Company shall dissolve upon the occurrence of any of the following events: the election
to dissolve the Company by the Members Approval or as otherwise provided or authorized in the Transaction Documents. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in the Act, no other act or event shall cause a dissolution of the Company.

8.2Waiver of Dissolution, Partition, and Similar Rights. Except as otherwise expressly set forth in this Agreement,
and notwithstanding any right or power set forth in the Act, each of Member hereby irrevocably waives any right or power that such Member
might have: (i) to cause the Company or any of its assets to be partitioned; (ii) to cause the appointment of a receiver for all or any
portion of the assets of the Company; (iii) to compel any sale of all or any portion of the assets of the Company; and (iv) to file a
complaint, or to institute any proceeding at law or in equity, to cause the dissolution or liquidation of the Company. Each of the Members
have been induced to enter into this Agreement in reliance upon the waivers set forth in this Section 8.2 and without those waivers no
Member would have entered into this Agreement. No Member has any interest in specific in any item of Company property. The interests of
all Members in the Company are personal property.

8.3Authority to Wind Up. The Members or liquidator, as applicable, shall have all necessary power and authority required
to marshal the Companys assets, to pay its creditors, to distribute its assets and to otherwise to wind up its business and affairs,
all pursuant to the applicable terms of the Act, except as otherwise provided below in this Section 8. In particular, the Members or liquidator,
as applicable, shall have the authority to continue to conduct the Companys business and affairs insofar as such continued operation
remains consistent, in such Persons or Persons judgment, with the orderly winding up of the Company.

8.4Distribution of Assets; Reserves. Upon dissolution of the Company, the Companys affairs shall be wound up
and the Company liquidated by the Members or liquidator, as applicable, pursuant to the applicable terms of the Act, except as otherwise
provided below in this Section 8. In such event, the Companys assets shall be distributed as follows:

8.4.1After paying liabilities owing to creditors (including sales commissions and other expenses incident to any sale of the Companys
assets), the Members or liquidator, as applicable, shall set up such reserves as such Persons deem or Person deems reasonably necessary
for any contingent or unforeseen liabilities or obligations of the Company. Upon such time as the Members or liquidator deems advisable,
such reserves shall be distributed to the Members or their assigns in the manner set forth in the following paragraph.

8.4.2After paying such liabilities and providing for such reserves, the

- 18
- 

Members or liquidator, as applicable, shall
cause the Companys remaining assets to be distributed in compliance with Regulations 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(b)(2) on or before
the end of the Taxable year in which the liquidation of the Company occurs (or, if later, within ninety (90) days after such liquidation)
to the Members in accordance with Section 5.2 above.

8.5Winding Up and Certificate of Cancellation. The winding up of the Company shall be completed when all debts, liabilities
and obligations of the Company have been paid and discharged or reasonably adequate provision therefor has been made, and all the remaining
property of the Company has been distributed to the Members in accordance with the provisions of this Section 8. Upon the completion
of winding up of the Company, a Certificate of Cancellation shall be filed with the Oklahoma Secretary of State.

8.6No Recourse. If distributions made pursuant to the immediately preceding subparagraph are insufficient to return
to any Member the full amount of such Members Capital Contribution, such Member shall have no recourse against any other Member.

8.7Form of Distribution. Each Member shall receive such Members share of liquidation proceeds in cash or in kind,
and the proportion of such share that is received in cash shall be determined as the Members or liquidator, as applicable, may decide.
If any part of such distributions consists of assets other than cash, the Members or liquidator, as applicable, shall take whatever steps
such Persons deem or Person deems appropriate to convert such assets into cash or into any other form that facilitate the distribution
of such assets. If any Company assets are to be distributed in kind, such assets shall be deemed to have been sold for their fair market
value and any gain or loss shall be allocated among the Members in the manner in which Profits or Losses would be allocated under Section
5.1. The distributee shall be deemed to have received a distribution equal to the fair market value of the distributed asset.

9.ACCOUNTING, RECORDS AND TAX MATTERS.

9.1Financial and Tax Reporting.

(a)The Company shall prepare its income Tax information returns using such methods of accounting and Tax year as the Members deems
necessary or appropriate. The Company shall cause to be filed, in accordance with the Act, all reports and documents required to be filed
with any governmental agency. At least annually, the Company shall cause to be prepared information concerning the Companys operations
necessary for the completion of the Members federal and state income Tax returns. Subject to extension of the following period
of time due to extension of the Companys filing obligations to the extent such extension is necessary or proper, the Company shall
send or cause to be sent to each Member within ninety (90) days after the end of each Fiscal Year (i) such information as is necessary
to complete the Members federal and state income Tax or information returns, and (ii) a copy of the Companys federal,
state and local income Tax or information returns for the year; provided, however, that, if due to the Companys extension
of the time for filing such information may not be delivered within the deadlines set forth in this sentence, the Company shall use reasonable
efforts to provide each Member with estimated information necessary to pay estimated Tax due in connection with each Members required
federal and state income Tax obligations.

- 19
- 

(b) Not in limitation of the foregoing, the Company shall prepare (or cause to be prepared) and furnish to each Member the following
reports and information:

9.2(i) as soon as practicable, but in any event within forty-five (45) days after the end of each fiscal quarter of the Company, an
unaudited income statement and statement of cash flows for such fiscal quarter and an unaudited balance sheet as of the end of such fiscal
quarter; and

9.3(ii) as soon as practicable, but in any event within one hundred twenty (120) days after
the end of each fiscal year of the Company, an audited income statement and statement of cash flows for such fiscal year and an
audited balance sheet as of the end of such fiscal year.

9.4Supervision; Inspection of Books. The Company shall keep proper and complete books of account and records of its
business (including those books and records identified in the Act) at the Companys principal office. Such books and records shall
be open to inspection, audit and copying by any Member in accordance with the Act. Any information so obtained or copied shall be kept
and maintained in strict confidence, except as required by law, and the Members may, in its sole discretion, require a separate non-disclosure
agreement to be executed in favor the Company by a Member who wishes to access the Companys books and records.

9.5Partnership Representative.

9.5.1Appointment and Empowerment. The Class A Member is hereby designated as the partnership representative of
the Company within the meaning of 6223(a) of the Code (the Partnership Representative). The Partnership Representative
is authorized and required to represent the Company in connection with all examinations, audits and claims in respect of the Companys
affairs by U.S. federal, state or local Tax Authorities, including any resulting administrative and judicial proceedings (each such examination
or claim, a Tax Proceeding), and to expend funds for professional services and other expenses reasonably incurred
in connection therewith. The Partnership Representative shall keep the Members fully apprised of any action required to be taken or which
may be taken by the Partnership Representative for the Company with respect to any such Tax Proceeding. The Partnership Representative
shall keep the Members reasonably informed of the progress of any Tax Proceeding with respect to Taxes of the Company . Except as otherwise
provided in this Agreement, all elections by the Company for income and franchise Tax purposes, all determinations for Tax purposes and
any other Tax decisions and actions with respect to the Company, including in connection with any Tax Proceeding, and all other matters
relating to all Tax returns (including amended returns) filed by the Company, will be made by the Partnership Representative in its reasonable
discretion. Each Member will, upon request, promptly supply any information necessary to give proper effect to any election made by the
Company.

9.5.2Cooperation. Each Member shall provide promptly, and update as necessary at any times requested by the Partnership Representative,
all information, documents, self-certifications, Tax identification numbers, Tax forms, and verifications thereof, that the Partnership
Representative deems necessary in connection with (i) any information required for

- 20
- 

the Company to determine the application of
6221-6235 of the Code to the Company; (ii) a valid election by the Company under 6221(b) or 6226 of the Code; (iii)
an audit or a final adjustment of the Company by a Taxing Authority; or (iv) any other valid Tax purpose. Each Member shall take any action
reasonably requested by the Company in connection with an election by the Company under 6221(b) or 6226 of the Code, or an audit
or a final adjustment of the Company by a Taxing Authority (including promptly filing amended Tax returns and promptly paying any related
Taxes, including penalties and interest).

9.5.3Tax Underpayment by Company or Members and Member Deficiencies. Any imputed underpayment imposed on the Company pursuant
to 6232 of the Code (and any related interest, penalties or other additions to tax) that the Partnership Representative reasonably
determines is attributable to one or more Members shall be promptly paid by such Members to the Company (pro rata in proportion to their
respective shares of such underpayment) within fifteen (15) days following its request for payment (any failure to pay such amount being
a Tax Deficiency) provided, that in making the determination of to which Members (including former Members) any such
imputed underpayment is attributable, the Partnership Representative will allocate any imputed underpayment imposed on the Company (and
any related interest, penalties, additions to tax and audit costs) among the Members in a reasonable and good faith taking into account
each Members particular status, including, for the avoidance of doubt, a Members tax-exempt status. If a Member fails to
pay a Tax Deficiency within ten (10) business days (the Tax Deficient Member), the Partnership Representative shall
notify all Members of the right to contribute to the Tax Deficiency in writing (a Tax Deficiency Notice) of the amount,
if any, of the total Tax Deficiency. Within five (5) business days after each Member receives a Tax Deficiency Notice, such Member may,
but shall not be required to, deliver to the Partnership Representative, in immediately available funds, all or any portion of the Tax
Deficiency. If Members electing to contribute toward the Tax Deficiency (the Tax Contributing Members) together contribute
more than the total amount of the Tax Deficiency, then the Partnership Representative shall refund the excess amounts contributed to the
contributing Members in accordance with their pro rata Percentage Interests, as applied to the Tax Deficiency amount. A Tax Contributing
Members (or the Companys) contribution toward the Tax Deficiency shall be treated as a loan payable by the Tax Deficient
Member, accruing interest at a rate of the greater of the Prime Rate plus three percent (3%), and ten percent (10%), which loan shall
also be secured and offset by, distributions which would otherwise be made to the Tax Deficient Member, which distributions shall be made
directly to the Tax Contributing Members or Company as applicable.

9.5.4Indemnification and Other Matters. The Partnership Representative shall be subject to the same standard of care as that
of the Members under Section 4.2 above (or otherwise at law), and shall be entitled to indemnification in accordance with Section 10 below.

9.5.5Survival. This Section 9.5 shall survive the termination of the Company and the termination of any Members interest
in the Company and remain binding for a period of time necessary to resolve all Tax matters with applicable Taxing Authorities.

9.6Tax Classification as a Partnership. The Members expect and intend applicable Taxing Authorities to treat the Company
as a partnership for income Tax purposes. The

- 21
- 

Members agree that they shall not (i) take
a position, or make any assertion, on any federal, state, local or other Tax return that is inconsistent with such expectation or intent,
or (ii) make any election or do any act or thing that could cause the Company to be treated as other than a partnership for income Tax
purposes.

9.7No State Partnership. Nothing herein shall be deemed or construed to constitute the Company as a partnership (including
a limited partnership) or joint venture, or any Member a partner or joint venturer of or with any other Member, for any purposes other
than federal and state Tax classification purposes.

9.8Other Tax Elections. The Partnership Representative shall, without any further consent of the Members being required
(except as specifically required herein), make any and all elections for federal, state, local, and foreign Tax purposes including any
election, if permitted by applicable law: (i) to adjust the basis of Company assets pursuant to Code 754, 734(b), and
743(b), or comparable provisions of state, local, or foreign law, in connection with transfers of Membership Interests and Company distributions,
(ii) to the extent provided in Code 6221 through 6231 and similar provisions of federal, state, local, or foreign law,
to represent the Company and the Members before Taxing Authorities or courts of competent jurisdiction in Tax matters affecting the Company
or the Members in their capacities as Members, (iii) to file FTB Form 3893 and to make the pass through entity tax election contemplated
thereby, and (iv) to file any Tax returns and execute any agreements or other documents relating to or affecting such Tax matters, including
agreements or other documents that bind the Members with respect to such tax matters or otherwise affect the rights of the Company and
the Members.

10.INDEMNIFICATION.

10.1General Indemnification by Right. The Company shall indemnify, defend, protect and hold harmless each Covered Person,
Partnership Representative, and officer, and each of their respective Principals, partners, shareholders, members, controlling persons,
trustees, directors, officers, managers, heirs, trustees, beneficiaries, administrators, executors, employees, agents, representatives,
successors and assigns (each, an Indemnified Party), from and against any and all Claims, that each such Indemnified
Party may suffer or incur by reason of or in connection with his, her or its management of, ownership in, involvement in or affiliation
with the Companys business or affairs, including by reason of being a Covered Person or representative thereof. Such indemnity
shall be permitted, however, only if the Person seeking indemnity (i) acted in good faith and in accordance with the terms of this
Agreement and otherwise in a manner he, she or it reasonably believed to be in, or not opposed to, the Companys best interests
and within the scope of such Persons authority conferred on him, her or it by the Company, and with respect to any criminal
proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his, her or its conduct was unlawful, and (ii) such Persons conduct was not the
result of gross negligence or fraud. The termination of a proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction or upon a plea of nolo
contendere, or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that such Indemnified Party did not meet such standards,
unless it is finally adjudicated that such Indemnified Party did not meet such standards.

10.2Advancement of Expenses. The Company will pay Expenses incurred in defending any proceeding under Section 10.1, and
may, in the Memberss discretion, pay Expenses

- 22
- 

incurred in defending any proceeding under
Section 10.2 in advance of the final disposition of such proceeding if the Person entitled to indemnification agrees to repay such amount
if it is ultimately determined that such Person is not entitled to such indemnification.

10.3Contribution. Whether or not the indemnification provided in this Section 10 above is available, in respect of any
threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable with and Indemnified Party (or would
be if joined in such action, suit or proceeding), the Company shall pay, in the first instance, the entire amount of any judgment or settlement
of such action, suit or proceeding without requiring Indemnitee to contribute to such payment and the Company hereby waives and relinquishes
any right of contribution it may have against Indemnitee. The Company shall not enter into any settlement of any action, suit or proceeding
in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such action, suit or proceeding) unless such settlement
provides for a full and final release of all claims asserted against Indemnitee. The Company hereby agrees to fully indemnify and hold
an Indemnified Party harmless from any claims of contribution which may be brought by officers, managers or employees of the Company,
other than such Indemnified Party, who may be jointly liable with such Indemnified Party. To the fullest extent permissible under applicable
law, if the indemnification provided for in this Agreement is unavailable to an Indemnified Party for any reason whatsoever, the Company,
in lieu of indemnifying such Indemnified Party, shall contribute to the amount incurred by such Indemnified Party, whether for judgments,
fines, penalties, excise taxes, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and/or for Expenses, in connection with any claim relating to
an indemnifiable event under this Agreement, in such proportion as is deemed fair and reasonable in light of all of the circumstances
of such Claim in order to reflect (i) the relative benefits received by the Company and such Indemnified Party as a result of the event(s)
and/or transaction(s) giving cause to such Claim; and/or (ii) the relative fault of the Company (and its managers, officers, employees
and agents) and such Indemnified Party in connection with such event(s) and/or transaction(s).

10.4Non-Exclusivity; Survival of Rights; Insurance; Primacy of Indemnification; Subrogation.

10.4.1Non-Exclusive. The rights of indemnification as provided by this Section 10 shall not be deemed exclusive of any
other rights to which an Indemnified Party may at any time be entitled under applicable law, this Agreement, any agreement, a vote of
members, a resolution of managers of the Company, or otherwise. No amendment, alteration or repeal of this Section 10 or of any
provision hereof shall limit or restrict any right of an Indemnified Party under this Section 10 in respect of any action taken
or omitted by such Indemnified Party in such Persons status or affiliation with the Company or Enterprise prior to such amendment,
alteration or repeal. To the extent that a change in applicable law, whether by statute or judicial decision, permits greater indemnification
than would be afforded currently under this Agreement, it is the intent of the parties hereto that an Indemnified Party shall enjoy by
this Section 10 the greater benefits so afforded by such change. No right or remedy herein conferred is intended to be exclusive
of any other right or remedy, and every other right and remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given
hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder,
or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other right or remedy.

- 23
- 

10.4.2Insurance. The Members shall have power to purchase and maintain insurance, at the Companys expense, on behalf of
the Persons who may be entitled to indemnification under this Section 10. That insurance may cover amounts for which the Company
may be liable under this Section 10. To the extent that the Company maintains an insurance policy or policies providing liability
insurance for managers, officers, directors, employees, or agents or fiduciaries of the Company or of any other limited liability company,
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise that such person serves at the request of the
Company, an Indemnified Party shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent
of the coverage available for any manager, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary under such policy or policies. If, at the time of the
receipt of a notice of a claim pursuant to the terms hereof, the Company has director and officer liability insurance in effect, the Company
shall give prompt notice of the commencement of such proceeding to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the respective
policies. The Company shall thereafter take all necessary or desirable action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of the Indemnified
Party, all amounts payable as a result of such proceeding in accordance with the terms of such policies.

10.5Savings. In the event any provision of this Section 10 conflicts with any applicable law, such provision shall
be deemed modified, consistent with the aforementioned intent, to the extent necessary to resolve such conflict. If this Section 10
or any portion hereof is invalidated on any ground by any court of competent jurisdiction, then the Company must nevertheless indemnify
and hold harmless each Covered Person pursuant to this Section 10 to the fullest extent permitted by any applicable portion of
this Section 10 that has not been invalidated and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.

10.6Conflict. In the event any provision of this Section 10 conflicts with the provisions of the PSA or other
Transaction Documents (defined therein), the PSA or other Transaction Document will control and supersede the terms of this this Section
10.

11.AMENDMENT OR MODIFICATION; POWER OF ATTORNEY.

11.1Amendment. Notwithstanding the provisions of the Act, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, any amendment,
supplement, modification or restatement (an Amendment) to this Agreement must be in writing and accepted by the Members
Approval.

11.2Protective Provision. If Section 4.2 or Section 10, or any portion thereof is invalidated on any ground by any court
of competent jurisdiction, then the Company must nevertheless indemnify and hold harmless each Covered Person pursuant to Section 10 to
the fullest extent permitted by this Agreement and by applicable law. The provisions of Section 4.2, Section 10, and this Section 11.2
constitute a contract between the Company, on the one hand, and each Covered Person who serves in such capacity at any time while Section
4.2, Section 10, and this Section 11.2 are in effect, on the other hand, pursuant to which the Company and each such Covered Person intend
to be legally bound. No amendment, modification or repeal of Section 4.2, Section 10, or this Section 11.2 that adversely affects
the rights of a Covered Person will apply in such a way as to eliminate or reduce such Covered Persons entitlement to indemnification
without the Covered Persons prior written consent. The provisions of Section 4.2, Section 10, and this Section 11.2 will survive
the dissolution, liquidation, winding up and termination of the Company.

- 24
- 

12.DISSENTERS RIGHTS WAIVED. Each Member acknowledges that he, she or it is familiar
with 18-1155 of the Act. Each Member hereby acknowledges that this Agreement is not intended to create or establish, and each Member
accordingly waives, any so-called dissenters rights or appraisal rights, or any similar or analogous
right or privilege, including as may be established pursuant to any future modification of the Act. Each Member acknowledges that such
Member has had the opportunity to consult with legal counsel regarding this Section and the effect of such waiver, and agrees that such
waiver is fair and reasonable. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Member waives any rights such Member may have under
the Act to have a court determine, or to have a court appoint any appraiser or other Person to determine, the fair market value of the
dissenting interest.

13.MISCELLANEOUS.

13.1Due Authority. If a Member is a Person other than an individual, each Person executing this Agreement on behalf of
said entity represents and warrants that such Person is duly authorized to execute and deliver this Agreement on behalf of such Member.

13.2Consent of Spouse. Each married Member shall cause his or her spouse to execute a consent of spouse on the signature
page to this Agreement.

13.3Arms Length. This Agreement has been negotiated at arms length between persons knowledgeable in the
matters dealt with herein. In addition, each party to this Agreement has been, or has had an opportunity to be, represented by independent
legal counsel of such partys own choice. Accordingly, any rule of law or any other statute, legal decision or common law principle
of similar effect that would require interpretation of any uncertainty or ambiguity in this Agreement against the party that drafted it,
is of no application and is hereby expressly waived. This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted according to the ordinary meaning
of the words used so as to fairly accomplish the purposes and intentions of the parties and this Agreement.

13.4Incorporation by Reference. The exhibits and schedules attached to this Agreement are incorporated into this Agreement
by this reference. Without limitation, the PSA and all Transaction Documents referenced therein, are hereby incorporated by reference.

13.5Entire Agreement. This Agreement, together with all other documents and instruments incorporated by reference, and
all exhibits, schedules, and attachments thereto and hereto, and any side letter agreements entered into by the Company, contains the
entire understanding among the parties and supersedes any prior written or oral agreements between them respecting the Company and its
business. There are no representations, agreements, arrangements or understandings, oral or written, between and among the parties relating
to the Company or its business that are not fully set forth in this Agreement.

13.6Severability. If any provision of this Agreement as applied to any party or to any circumstance shall be found by
a court of competent jurisdiction to be void, invalid or unenforceable, the same shall in no way affect any other provision of this Agreement,
the application of any such provision in any other circumstance, or the validity or enforceability of this Agreement, and any provision
that is found to be void, invalid or unenforceable shall be

- 25
- 

curtailed and limited only to the extent necessary
to bring such provision within the requirements of the law.

13.7Governing Law; Jurisdiction, Etc. Nevada law, without regard to conflict or choice of law principles, shall govern
the construction and interpretation of this Agreement and all claims, controversies and other disputes and proceedings concerning or arising
out of this Agreement, except solely with respect to the interpretation of those provisions of this Agreement that refer to the Act, which
provisions will be interpreted and construed in accordance with the Act. The parties to this Agreement agree that all actions or proceedings
arising directly or indirectly from this Agreement shall be arbitrated or litigated before arbitrators or in courts having a situs within
Las Vegas, Nevada; hereby consent to the jurisdiction of any local, state or federal court in which such an action or proceeding is commenced
that is located in Las Vegas, Nevada; agree not to disturb such choice of forum (including waiving any argument that venue in any such
forum is not convenient); agree that any litigation initiated by any party hereto in connection with this Agreement may be venued in either
the state or federal courts located in Las Vegas, Nevada; agree that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive
and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law; and waive the personal service
of any and all process upon them and consent that all such service of process may be made by certified or registered mail, return receipt
requested, addressed to the respective parties at the address set forth above.

13.8Waiver of Jury Trial. THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT EACH WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING
TO ENFORCE OR DEFEND ANY RIGHTS (a)UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR UNDER ANY AMENDMENT, INSTRUMENT, DOCUMENT OR AGREEMENT DELIVERED OR WHICH MAY
IN THE FUTURE BE DELIVERED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH, AND AGREE THAT ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE TRIED BEFORE A COURT AND NOT
BEFORE A JURY.

13.9Attorneys Fees. If an action (including arbitration) is brought to interpret or enforce any of the terms of
this Agreement, or because of a partys breach of any provision of this Agreement, the losing party shall pay the prevailing partys
reasonable attorneys fees, costs and expenses, court costs and other costs of action incurred in connection with the prosecution
or defense of such action, whether or not the action is prosecuted to a final judgment. In addition to the foregoing award of attorneys
fees, the prevailing party shall be entitled to its reasonable attorneys fees incurred in any post judgment proceeding to enforce
any judgment in connection with this Agreement. This paragraph is separate and several and shall survive the merger of this paragraph
into any judgment.

13.10Binding Effect. Subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement shall be binding
on and inure to the benefit of the Members and their respective transferees, successors, assigns and legal representatives.

13.11Equitable Relief. The Company and each Member agree that it would be difficult to calculate the extent of damages
caused by, and to compensate the Company fully for damages for, any violation by a Member of the provisions of this Agreement. Accordingly,
the Company and each Member agree that the Company shall be entitled to temporary, preliminary

- 26
- 

and permanent injunctive relief or other equitable
relief (including specific performance), without necessity of posting bond, to enforce the provisions of this this Agreement, and that
such relief may be granted without the necessity of proving actual damages. This right to equitable relief shall not, however, diminish
the Companys right to claim and recover damages from a Member in addition to equitable relief. The remedies provided to the Company
in this Agreement are cumulative, and not exclusive, of any other remedies that may be available to the Company. Each representation,
warranty, covenant, and agreement set forth in this Agreement shall be deemed to be of the essence of the ownership of each Members
Units.

13.12Notices. All notices, requests, consents and other communications required or permitted to be given hereunder shall
be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given (i) if delivered personally when delivered; (ii) if delivered by overnight carrier,
on the first business day following such delivery; (iii) if delivered by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, on the
fifth (5th) business day after having been mailed; or (iv) if delivered by electronic transmission, at the time when received
by the intended recipients mail server, if on a business day, or otherwise, on the following business day.

13.13Waiver or Termination. No waiver or termination of this Agreement, or any part hereof, shall be effective unless
made in writing and signed by the party or parties sought to be bound thereby. No failure to pursue or elect any remedy shall constitute
a waiver of any default under or breach of any provision of this Agreement, nor shall any waiver of any such default or breach be deemed
to be a waiver of any other subsequent default or breach.

13.14Further Assurances. The parties shall execute and deliver any further instruments or documents and perform any additional
acts that are or may become necessary to effectuate and carry on the Company as contemplated by this Agreement.

13.15Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, including executed counterparts delivered
by facsimile or electronic mail, each of which shall constitute an original and together which shall constitute one and the same instrument.

13.16Headings; Interpretation. The title of and the section and paragraph headings contained in this Agreement are inserted
for convenience only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement.
The term this Agreement or this agreement means this Agreement together with all Schedules, Exhibits, Addenda,
Annexes, and other attachments hereto, as the same may from time to time be amended, modified, supplemented or restated in accordance
with the terms hereof. The word or shall be interpreted as inclusive (i.e. inclusive of and), unless otherwise
stated. The word including or any variation thereof means including, without limitation and shall not be construed
to limit any general statement that it follows to the specific or similar items or matters immediately following it. The word will
shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall. References in this Agreement to any law shall
be deemed also to refer to such law, as amended, and all rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. The words herein,
hereof, hereunder and other words of similar import refer to this Agreement as a whole, including the Schedules,
Exhibits, Addenda, Annexes, and other attachments hereto, and not to any particular section, subsection, paragraph, subparagraph or clause
contained in this Agreement. The use herein of the masculine, feminine or neuter forms shall also denote the other forms, as in each case
the context

- 27
- 

may require or permit. Where specific language
is used to clarify by example a general statement contained herein, such specific language shall not be deemed to modify, limit or restrict
in any manner the construction of the general statement to which it relates. All references herein to $ or dollars shall
refer to United States dollars. Whenever this Agreement refers to a number of days, such number shall refer to calendar days unless business
days are specified, and if so specified, business days shall mean days for which banks are open in the State under which law this Agreement
is governed and construed, unless otherwise specified. Unless otherwise specified, time periods within or following which any payment
is to be made or act is to be done shall be calculated by excluding the day on which the period commences and including the day on which
the period ends. Where the last day of any such time period is not a business day, such time period shall be extended to the next business
day following the day on which it would otherwise end. References in this Agreement and all Schedules, Exhibits, Addenda, Annexes, and
other attachments hereto to any contract (including this Agreement) mean such contract as amended, restated, supplemented or modified
from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof.

13.17Variation of Act. Where any provision of this Agreement modifies, contradicts or is otherwise inconsistent with the
Act, the provisions of this Agreement shall govern and control. Without limiting the generality of the immediately preceding sentence,
any statement in this Agreement that a particular provision of this Agreement is to apply notwithstanding any provision of the Act to
the contrary, does not imply that other provisions of this Agreement do not supersede the Act where such provisions modify, contradict
or are otherwise inconsistent with the Act.

13.18Privacy Notice. The Company collects nonpublic, personal data about each Member from (i) information it receives
from subscription agreements and other documents and instruments provided by such Member to the Company, (ii) information disclosed to
the Company through conversations or correspondence by or with such Member, and (iii) any additional information the Company may request
from such Member. All information regarding the personal identity and other financial information of each Member (such Members
personal information) will be kept strictly confidential. The Company maintains commercially reasonable physical, electronic
and operational safeguards to protect this information. Some of these safeguards include firewalls on the Companys information
technology infrastructure, the use of account aliases on physical records and physical security measures taken to secure the Companys
offices. In the normal course of business, it is sometimes necessary for the Company to provide personal information about Members to
the Company, attorneys, accountants and auditors in furtherance of the Companys business, and entities that provide a service on
behalf of the Company, such as banks or title companies. The Company will only disclose personal information to these third parties if
those parties agree to protect the personal information and use the personal information only for the purposes of providing services to
the Company. Other than for the purposes discussed above, the Company does not disclose any nonpublic, personal information of its Members
unless the Company is directed by the Member to provide it or the Company is legally required to provide it to a governmental agency.

13.19Electronic Delivery. The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to this Agreement
or any notices required by applicable law or the Certificate or this Agreement by email or any other electronic means. Each member hereby
consents to (i) conduct business electronically (ii) receive such documents and notices by such

- 28
- 

electronic delivery and (iii) sign documents
electronically and agrees to participate through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third
party designated by the Company.

13.20Electronic Records: Each Member hereby consents to the use by the Company of, and acceptability of, electronic records
and disclosures, including the Companys Form 1065, such Members Schedule K-1, and other relevant tax documents and filings.

13.21Limitation of Liability; Exculpation Among Members. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, but
without derogation to the terms of any other agreement (including, without limitation the PSA, Management Services Agreement, the Distribution
Agreement and the Master Distribution Agreement) the Companys debts, obligations and liabilities shall be solely the Companys
debts, obligations and liabilities, and no Member shall be obligated personally for any Company debt, obligation or liability solely by
reason of being a Member. If a Member (Liable Member) incurs any indebtedness or obligation before the Effective
Date which relates to the Company (including in the case of the Class B Member, any liability incurred by the Company prior to the Effective
Date), neither the Company nor any other Member will be obligated personally with respect such indebtedness or obligation unless such
indebtedness or obligation is assumed by the Company by the Members Approval. Neither the Company nor any Member will be responsible
or liable for any indebtedness or obligation which is incurred or undertaken by any Member after the Effective Date unless such Member
has acted with due authority under this Agreement and with the authorization of the Members Approval (in the absence of such authority,
such liability or obligation being an Excluded Liability). Each Member will indemnify, defend, protect, and hold
harmless the Company and each other Member against any Excluded Liability incurred by such Member.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

- 29
- 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED

OPERATING AGREEMENT

OF

IM TELECOM, LLC

AN OKLAHOMA LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY

SIGNATURE PAGE

Accordingly, the Members
have executed this Agreement as of March 4, 2025, effective as of the date or dates first set forth above.

MEMBERS: 

Class A Member Class B Member 

Excess Telecom, Inc. KonaTel, Inc. 

By: /s/
Cobby Pourtavosi By: /s/
Charles D. Griffin 

Name: Cobby Pourtavosi Name: Charles D. Griffin 

Its: President Its: President 

- 30
- 

EXHIBIT A

Allocations

This Exhibit A is
made with reference to IM TELECOM, LLC, an Oklahoma Limited Liability Company (the Company) and is attached to, made
a material part of and hereby incorporated into the Second Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of the Company made effective as of
the Initial Closing of the PSA (the Operating Agreement). Capitalized terms used in this Exhibit A and not
otherwise defined have the meanings ascribed in the Operating Agreement.

1.ADDITIONAL DEFINITIONS. The following terms have the definitions set forth below. Capitalized
terms used herein and not defined below have the meanings set forth in the Operating Agreement.

1.1Adjusted Capital Account Deficit means, with respect to any Member, the deficit balance, if any, in such Members
Capital Account as of the end of the relevant Fiscal Year, after giving effect to the following adjustments: (i) credit to such Capital
Account any amounts that such Member is obligated to restore pursuant to any provision of this Agreement or is deemed to be obligated
to restore pursuant to the penultimate sentences of Regulations 1.704-2(g)(1) and 1.704-2(i)(5); and (ii) debit to such Capital
Account the items described in Regulations 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(4), 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(5) and 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(6).
The foregoing definition of Adjusted Capital Account Deficit is intended to comply with the provisions of Regulations 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)
and shall be interpreted consistently with such provisions.

1.2Capital Account means with respect to each Member, the Capital Account maintained for such Member in accordance
with the following provisions:

1.2.1To each Members Capital Account there shall be credited such Members Capital Contributions, such Members distributive
share of Profits, and any items in the nature of income or gain that are specially allocated to such Members Units pursuant to
this Exhibit A, and the amount of any Company liabilities assumed by such Member or that are secured by any property distributed
to such Member;

1.2.2To each Members Capital Account there shall be debited the amount of money and the Gross Asset Value of any property distributed
to such Member pursuant to any provision of this Agreement, such Members distributive share of Losses and any items in the nature
of expenses or losses that are specially allocated to such Members Units pursuant to this Exhibit A, and the amount of any
liabilities of such Member assumed by the Company or that are secured by any property contributed by such Member to the Company; and

1.2.3In the event Units are transferred in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the transferee shall succeed to the Capital
Account of the transferor to the extent it relates to the transferred Units.

The foregoing provisions
and the other provisions of this Agreement relating to the maintenance of Capital Accounts are intended to comply with Regulations 
1.704-1(b), and shall be interpreted and applied in a manner consistent with such Regulations. In the event the Class A

Member shall determine that it is prudent to
modify the manner in which the aggregate Capital Accounts, or any debits or credits thereto are computed in order to comply with such
Regulations, the Class A Member may make such modification. The Class A Member also shall make any adjustments that are necessary or appropriate
to maintain equality between the aggregate Capital Accounts of the Members and the amount of capital reflected on the Companys
balance sheet, as computed for book purposes, in accordance with Regulations 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(q) and make any appropriate modifications
in the event unanticipated events might otherwise cause this Agreement not to comply with Regulations 1.704-1(b).

1.3Company Minimum Gain has the same meaning as partnership minimum gain set forth in Regulations
1.704-2(b)(2) and 1.704-2(d).

1.4Depreciation means, for each Fiscal Year, an amount equal to the depreciation, amortization, or other cost
recovery deduction allowable with respect to an asset for such Fiscal Year for federal income Tax purposes, except that, if the Gross
Asset Value of an asset differs from its adjusted basis for federal income Tax purposes at the beginning of such Fiscal Year, Depreciation
shall be an amount that bears the same ratio to such beginning Gross Asset Value as the federal income Tax depreciation, amortization,
or other cost recovery deduction for such Fiscal Year bears to such beginning adjusted Tax basis, provided, however, that if the adjusted
basis for federal income Tax purposes of an asset at the beginning of such Fiscal Year is zero, Depreciation shall be determined with
reference to such beginning Gross Asset Value using any reasonable method selected by the Class A Member.

1.5Gross Asset Value means with respect to any asset, the assets adjusted basis for federal income Tax
purposes, except as follows:

1.5.1The initial Gross Asset Value of any asset contributed by a Member to the Company shall be the gross fair market value of such
asset;

1.5.2The Gross Asset Values of all items of property shall be adjusted to equal their respective gross fair market values (taking Code
7701(g) into account) as of the following times: (A) the acquisition of an additional interest in the Company by any new or existing
Member in exchange for more than a de minimis Capital Contribution; (B) the distribution by the Company to a Member of more than a de
minimis amount of property as consideration for all or a portion of Units in the Company; (C) the liquidation of the Company within the
meaning of Regulations 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(g); and (D) in connection with the grant of Units in the Company (other than a de minimis
interest) as consideration for the provision of services to or for the benefit of the Company by an existing Member acting in a member
capacity, or by a new Member acting in a partner capacity in anticipation of being a Member; provided that an adjustment described in
clauses (A),(B), and (D) of this Section 1.5.2 shall be made only if the Class A Member reasonably determines that such adjustment is
necessary to reflect the relative economic interests of the Members in the Company;

1.5.3The Gross Asset Value of any item of property distributed to any Member shall be adjusted to equal the gross fair market value
(taking Code 7701(g) into account) of such item on the date of distribution;

ii

1.5.4 The Gross Asset Value of each item of property shall be increased (or decreased) to reflect any adjustments to the adjusted basis
of such assets pursuant to Code 734(b) or 743(b), but only to the extent that such adjustments are taken into account in
determining Capital Accounts pursuant to (A) Regulations 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(m) and (B) Section 2.1 of this Exhibit A, provided,
however, that Gross Asset Values shall not be adjusted pursuant to this Section 1.5.4 to the extent that an adjustment pursuant to Section
1.5.2 is required in connection with a transaction that would otherwise result in an adjustment pursuant to this Section 1.5.4.

If the Gross Asset Value
of an asset has been determined or adjusted pursuant to Section 1.5.1, Section 1.5.2, or Section 1.5.4, the Gross Asset Value of such
asset shall thereafter be adjusted by the Depreciation taken into account with respect to such asset, for purposes of computing Profits
and Losses.

1.6Member Nonrecourse Debt has the same meaning as the term partner nonrecourse debt set forth
in Regulations 1.704-2(b)(4).

1.7Member Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain means an amount, with respect to each Member Nonrecourse Debt, equal
to the Company Minimum Gain that would result if such Member Nonrecourse Debt were treated as a Nonrecourse Liability, determined in accordance
with Regulations 1.704-2(i)(3).

1.8Member Nonrecourse Deductions has the same meaning as the term partner nonrecourse deductions
set forth in Regulations 1.704-2(i)(1) and 1.704-2(i)(2).

1.9Nonrecourse Deductions has the meaning set forth in Regulations 1.704-2(b)(1) and 1.704-2(c).

1.10Nonrecourse Liability has the meaning set forth in Regulations 1.704-2(b)(3).

2.ALLOCATIONS.

2.1Profits and Losses Generally. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, each item of Profits and Losses shall
be allocated among the Capital Accounts of the Members with respect to each Fiscal Year, as of the end of such Fiscal Year, in a manner
that as closely as possible gives economic effect to the distributive and other relevant provisions of the Operating Agreement.

2.1.1Losses. Losses of the Company for each Fiscal Year (or part thereof) shall be allocated to the Members at the end of such
Fiscal Year (or part thereof) to the Members pro rata in accordance with their Percentage Interests; provided, however, if the allocation
to a Member of any portion of the Losses for a Fiscal Year exceeds such Members positive Capital Account balance at the end of
such Fiscal Year, then such excess amount shall instead, to the maximum extent possible, be allocated among the other Members having positive
Capital Account balances at the end of the Fiscal Year pro rata in accordance with such other Members Percentage Interests without
causing any Member to have a deficit Capital Account balance at the end of such Fiscal Year.

iii

2.1.2Profits. Profits of the Company for each fiscal year (or part thereof) shall be allocated as follows:

(a)First, Profits shall be allocated to the Members in proportion to, and to the extent of, Losses allocated to them under Section
2.1.1 and not previously recouped under this Section 2.1.2(a).

(b)Second, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, each item of Profits and Losses shall be allocated among the Capital Accounts
of the Members with respect to each Fiscal Year, as of the end of such Fiscal Year, in a manner that as closely as possible gives economic
effect to the distributive and other relevant provisions of the Operating Agreement, subject to the special and regulatory allocation
provisions of Section 2.3 and Section 2.4.

2.2Timing and Periods. Profits, Losses, and any other items of income, gain, loss, or deduction shall be allocated to
the Members pursuant to this Exhibit A as of the last day of each Fiscal Year, provided that Profits, Losses, and such other items
shall also be allocated at such times as the Gross Asset Values of property are adjusted pursuant to Section 1.5.2. For purposes of determining
the Profits, Losses, or any other items allocable to any period, Profits, Losses, and any such other items shall be determined on a daily,
monthly, or other basis, as reasonably determined by the Class A Member using any permissible method under Code 706 and the Regulations
thereunder.

2.3Special Allocations. The following special allocations shall be made in the following order:

2.3.1Minimum Gain Chargeback. Except as otherwise provided in Regulations 1.704-2(f), notwithstanding any other provision
of this Exhibit A, if there is a net decrease in Company Minimum Gain during any Fiscal Year, each Member shall be specially allocated
items of Company income and gain for such Fiscal Year (and, if necessary, subsequent Fiscal Years) in an amount equal to such Members
share of the net decrease in Company Minimum Gain, determined in accordance with Regulations 1.704-2(g). Allocations pursuant to
the previous sentence shall be made in proportion to the respective amounts required to be allocated to each Member pursuant thereto.
The items to be so allocated shall be determined in accordance with Regulations 1.704-2(f)(6) and 1.704-2(j)(2). This Section
2.3.1 is intended to comply with the minimum gain chargeback requirement in Regulations 1.704-2(f) and shall be interpreted consistently
therewith.

2.3.2Member Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain Chargeback. Except as otherwise provided in Regulations 1.704-2(i)(4), notwithstanding
any other provision of this Exhibit A, if there is a net decrease in Member Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain attributable to a Member
Nonrecourse Debt during any Fiscal Year, each Member who has a share of the Member Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain attributable to such
Member Nonrecourse Debt, determined in accordance with Regulations 1.704-2(i)(5), shall be specially allocated items of Company
income and gain for such Fiscal Year (and, if necessary, subsequent Fiscal Years) in an amount equal to such Members share of the
net decrease in Member Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain attributable to such Member Nonrecourse Debt, determined in accordance with Regulations

iv

1.704-2(i)(4). Allocations pursuant to the
previous sentence shall be made in proportion to the respective amounts required to be allocated to each Member pursuant thereto. The
items to be so allocated shall be determined in accordance with Regulations 1.704-2(i)(4) and 1.704-2(j)(2). This Section
2.3.2 is intended to comply with the minimum gain chargeback requirement in Regulations 1.704-2(i)(4) and shall be interpreted
consistently therewith.

2.3.3Qualified Income Offset. In the event that any Member unexpectedly receives any adjustments, allocations, or distributions
described in Regulation 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(4), 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(5), or 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(6) which results in an
Adjusted Capital Account Deficit for the Member, items of Company income and gain shall be allocated to such Member in an amount and manner
sufficient to eliminate, to the extent required by the Regulations, the Adjusted Capital Account Deficit of such Member as quickly as
possible, provided that an allocation pursuant to this Section 2.3.3 shall be made only if and to the extent that such Member would have
an Adjusted Capital Account Deficit after all other allocations provided for in this Exhibit A have been tentatively made as if
this provision were not in this Exhibit A. This Section 2.3.3 is intended to constitute a qualified income offset
as provided by Regulations 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d) and shall be interpreted consistently therewith.

2.3.4Gross Income Allocation. In the event that any Member has an Adjusted Capital Account Deficit at the end of any Fiscal Year,
each such Member shall be allocated items of Company income and gain in the amount of such deficit as quickly as possible, provided that
an allocation pursuant to this Section 2.3.4 shall be made only if and to the extent that such Member would have an Adjusted Capital Account
Deficit in excess of such sum after all other allocations provided for in this Exhibit A have been tentatively made as if Section
2.3.3 and this Section 2.3.4 were not in this Exhibit A.

2.3.5Nonrecourse Deductions. Nonrecourse Deductions for any Fiscal Year shall be specially allocated among the Members in proportion
to their Percentage Interests.

2.3.6Member Nonrecourse Deductions. Any Member Nonrecourse Deductions for any Fiscal Year shall be specially allocated to the
Member who bears the economic risk of loss with respect to the Member Nonrecourse Debt to which such Member Nonrecourse Deductions are
attributable in accordance with Regulations 1.704-2(i)(1).

2.3.7 743 and 734 Adjustments. To the extent an adjustment to the adjusted Tax basis of any Company asset, pursuant to
Code 734(b) or 743(b) is required, pursuant to Regulations 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(m)(2) or 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(m)(4),
to be taken into account in determining Capital Accounts as the result of a distribution to a Member in complete liquidation of such Members
Units in the Company, the amount of such adjustment to Capital Accounts shall be treated as an item of gain (if the adjustment increases
the basis of the asset) or loss (if the adjustment decreases such basis) and such gain or loss shall be specially allocated to the Members
in accordance with their Units in the Company in the event Regulations 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(m)(2) applies, or to the Member to whom
such distribution was made in the event Regulations 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(m)(4) applies.

2.3.8Allocations Relating to Taxable Issuance of Units. Any income, gain, loss, or deduction realized as a direct or indirect
result of the issuance of Units by the

v

Company to a Member (the Issuance
Items) shall be allocated among the Members so that, to the extent possible, the net amount of such Issuance Items, together
with all other allocations under this Exhibit A to each Member shall be equal to the net amount that would have been allocated
to each such Member if the Issuance Items had not been realized.

2.3.9Member Services and Interest Payments. If it is finally determined by a Taxing Authority or duly conceded by the Company
that any amount paid to a Member for services authorized to be rendered to the Company by such Member or interest authorized to be paid
to such Member on any loan or advance to the Company, is not deductible in computing the Taxable income of the Company for income Tax
purposes for any Fiscal Year and the income would otherwise be removed from the gross income of the Member, then this Exhibit A
shall be deemed to specially allocate such items of Company income to that Member for that Fiscal Year or subsequent Fiscal Years as necessary
in the amount of the disallowed payment. Any amounts allocated under this provision shall not affect the aggregate amount of Profits and
Losses otherwise allocable to the Member under this Exhibit A but for this provision.

2.3.10Allocations Relating to Non-Deductible Expenses. Any income, gain, loss, or deduction realized as a direct or indirect result
of any expense incurred by the Company that is not deductible for Tax purposes (Non-Deductible Items) shall be allocated
among the Members so that, to the extent possible, the Non-Deductible Items shall be allocated to the Member who or which incurred, or
caused the Company to incur, such Non-Deductible Items.

2.4Regulatory Allocations. The allocations set forth in Sections 2.3.1 through 2.3.7 (the Regulatory Allocations)
are intended to comply with certain requirements of the Regulations. It is the intent of the Members that, to the extent possible, the
Regulatory Allocations shall be offset either with special allocations of other items of Company income, gain, loss, or deduction pursuant
to this Section 2.4. Therefore, notwithstanding any other provision of this Exhibit A (other than the Regulatory Allocations),
the Class A Member shall make such offsetting special allocations of Company income, gain, loss, or deduction in whatever manner the Class
A Member reasonably determines to be appropriate so that, after such offsetting allocations are made, each Members Capital Account
balance is, to the extent possible, equal to the Capital Account balance such Member would have had if the Regulatory Allocations were
not part of this Agreement and all Company items were allocated under Section 2.1.

2.5Transferred Units. If any Units are transferred, or is increased or decreased by reason of the admission of a new
Member or otherwise, during any Fiscal Year, each item of income, gain, loss, deduction, or credit of the Company for such Fiscal Year
shall be allocated among the Members, as reasonably determined by the Class A Member in accordance with any method permitted by Code Section
706(d) and the Treasury Regulations promulgated under that Section to take into account the Members varying interests in the Company during
such Fiscal Year.

2.6Consistent Reporting. The Members are aware of the income Tax consequences of the allocations made by this Exhibit
A and hereby agree to be bound by the provisions of this Exhibit A in reporting their shares of Company income and loss for
income Tax purposes, except as otherwise required by law.

vi

2.7Excess Nonrecourse Liabilities. Solely for purposes of determining a Members proportionate share of the excess
nonrecourse liabilities of the Company within the meaning of Regulations 1.752-3(a)(3), the Members interest in the
Companys Profits are in proportion to their Percentage Interests.

2.8Distributions of Loan Proceeds. To the extent permitted by Regulations 1.704-2(h)(3), the Class A Member shall
endeavor to treat distributions of Distributable Proceeds as having been made from the proceeds of a Nonrecourse Liability or a Member
Nonrecourse Debt only to the extent that such distributions would cause or increase an Adjusted Capital Account Deficit for any Member.

2.9Recapture Income. In the event that the Company has Taxable income that is characterized as ordinary income under
the recapture provisions of the Code, each Members distributive share of Taxable gain or loss from the sale of Company assets (to
the extent possible) shall include a proportionate share of this recaptured income equal to the Members share of prior cumulative
depreciation deductions with respect to the assets that gave rise to the recapture income.

2.10Code 704(c). Except as otherwise provided in this Section 2.10, each item of income, gain, loss and deduction
of the Company for federal income Tax purposes shall be allocated among the Members in the same manner as such items are allocated for
book purposes under this Exhibit A. In accordance with Code 704(c) and the Regulations thereunder, income, gain, loss, and
deduction with respect to any property contributed to the capital of the Company shall, solely for Tax purposes, be allocated among the
Members so as to take account of any variation between the adjusted basis of such property to the Company for federal income Tax purposes
and its initial Gross Asset Value (computed in accordance with the definition of Gross Asset Value) using the traditional
method pursuant to the Regulations under Code 704(c). In the event the Gross Asset Value of any Company asset is adjusted pursuant
to Section 1.5.2 of this Exhibit A (of the definition of Gross Asset Value), subsequent allocations of income, gain, loss, and
deduction with respect to such asset shall take account of any variation between the adjusted basis of such asset for federal income Tax
purposes and its Gross Asset Value in the same manner as under Code 704(c) and the Regulations thereunder. Any elections or other
decisions relating to such allocations shall be made by the Class A Member in any manner that reasonably reflects the purpose and intention
of this Agreement, provided that any items of loss or deduction attributable to property contributed by a Member shall, to the extent
of an amount equal to the excess of (A) the federal income Tax basis of such property at the time of its contribution over (B) the Gross
Asset Value of such property at such time, be allocated in its entirety to the such contributing Member and the Tax basis of such property
for purposes of computing the amounts of all items allocated to any other Member (including a transferee of the contributing Member) shall
be equal to its Gross Asset Value upon its contribution to the Company. Allocations pursuant to this Section 2.10 are solely for purposes
of federal, state, and local Taxes and shall not affect, or in any way be taken into account in computing, any Members Capital
Account or share of Profits, Losses, other items, or distributions pursuant to any provision of this Exhibit A.

2.11Proposed Regulations. The Members acknowledge that proposed Regulations are outstanding that may require an agreement
of all of the partners of a partnership and/or of the partnership for income Tax purposes to elect to treat Units in part issued in connection

vii

with the performance of services as a profits
interest with no value under a liquidation valuation safe-harbor. The Members also acknowledge that at this time, it is not possible to
determine the type, nature or form of such election or to determine if the Company would ever issue such interests. However, the Members
and the Company agree that this Agreement shall be deemed to contain the legally binding agreement of the Members contemplated by Rev.
Proc. 2005-43 and the proposed Regulations and hereby authorize and direct the Company to make the necessary election in compliance with
the rules and Regulations as finalized.

viii

EXHIBIT B

Members

Members Class and Number of Units Capital Account Percentage Interest

KonaTel, Inc. 510,000 Class B Units $0.00 51%

Excess Telecom, Inc. 490,000 Class A Units $10,000,000 49%

THE UNITS REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE
ARE NOT REGISTERED UNDER FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES LAWS.

THE MEMBERSHIP INTERESTS REPRESENTED
BY THIS CERTIFICATE ARE SECURITIES AS DEFINED IN AND GOVERNED BY ARTICLE 8 OF OKLAHOMAS UNIFORM COMMERCIAL CODE.

ANY SALE, ASSIGNMENT, TRANSFER OR OTHER
DISPOSITION OF THE MEMBERSHIP INTEREST REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE IS RESTRICTED BY AND SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND PROVISIONS OF THE
COMPANYS AMENDED AND RESTATED OPERATING AGREEMENT DATED JANUARY [10], 2024 (OPERATING AGREEMENT). ANY TRANSFEREE,
INCLUDING A LENDER TAKING THE MEMBER INTEREST REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE AS COLLATERAL, IS SUBJECT TO ALL THE RESTRICTIONS AND DUTIES
CONTAINED IN THE OPERATING AGREEMENT. A COPY OF THE OPERATING AGREEMENT IS ON FILE WITH THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY AND THE
COMPANY WILL PROVIDE COPIES OF THE OPERATING AGREEMENT, INCLUDING AMENDMENTS, IF ANY, UPON REQUEST. BY ACCEPTANCE OF THIS CERTIFICATE
THE HOLDER HEREOF AGREES TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THE OPERATING AGREEMENT.

CERTIFICATE NO. ___ 

IM TELECOM,
LLC

This
certifies that KonaTel, Inc. is the owner of 510,000 Class B Units comprising membership interests in IM
TELECOM, LLC, an Oklahoma limited liability company (the Company). This Certificate
transferable only on the books of the Company by the holder hereof in person or by attorney
upon surrender of this certificate properly endorsed.

This
certificate and the membership interest represented hereby are subject to the laws of the State of Oklahoma and the Operating Agreement
of the Company, in each case as from time to time amended.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this certificate to be signed by a duly authorized person effective as of the [10th]
day of January, 2024.

MEMBERS: 

Class A Member Class B Member 

Excess Telecom, Inc. KonaTel, Inc. 

By: /s/
Cobby Pourtavosi By: /s/
Charles D. Griffin 

Name: Cobby Pourtavosi Name: Charles D. Griffin 

Its: President Its: President
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ktel-20240122.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ktel-20240122_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ktel-20240122_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Jan. 22, 2024

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K/A

Amendment Flag true

Amendment Description Amendment #1

Document Period End Date Jan. 22, 2024

Entity File Number 001-10171

Entity Registrant Name KonaTel, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0000845819

Entity Tax Identification Number 80-0973608

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 500 N. Central Expressway

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 202

Entity Address, City or Town Plano

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 75074

City Area Code (214)

Local Phone Number 323-8410

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Description of changes contained within amended document.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentDescription

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
21 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://konatel.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ktel-20240122.xsd 
ktel-20240122_lab.xml 
ktel-20240122_pre.xml 
ktel8ka030425.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001515971-25-000015-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>ktel8ka030425_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000845819 

2024-01-22 
2024-01-22 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

true 
Amendment #1 
0000845819 
8-K/A 
2024-01-22 
KonaTel, Inc. 
DE 
001-10171 
80-0973608 
500 N. Central Expressway 
Suite 202 
Plano 
TX 
75074 
(214) 
323-8410 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>