<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-015318.txt : 20250219
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-015318.hdr.sgml : 20250219
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250219163757
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-015318
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250212
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250219
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250219

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AirJoule Technologies Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001855474
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AIR COND & WARM AIR HEATING EQUIP & COMM & INDL REFRIG EQUIP [3585]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41151
		FILM NUMBER:		25640862

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		34361 INNOVATION DRIVE
		CITY:			RONAN
		STATE:			MT
		ZIP:			59864
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800-942-3083

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		34361 INNOVATION DRIVE
		CITY:			RONAN
		STATE:			MT
		ZIP:			59864

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Montana Technologies Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20241104

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AirJoule Technologies Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20241104

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Montana Technologies Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20240315
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0231589-8k_airjoule.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000185547400018554742025-02-122025-02-120001855474AIRJ:ClassCommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember2025-02-122025-02-120001855474AIRJ:WarrantsToPurchaseClassCommonStockMember2025-02-122025-02-12iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
February 12, 2025

AirJoule Technologies Corporation

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Delaware 001-41151 86-2962208

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

34361 Innovation Drive

Ronan, Montana 59864

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(800) 942-3083

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Class A Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share AIRJ Nasdaq Capital Market

Warrants to purchase Class A common stock AIRJW Nasdaq Capital Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election
of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers

On February 12, 2025, the Compensation Committee
of the Board of Directors (the Compensation Committee) of AirJoule Technologies Corporation (the Company)
approved grants of performance-based restricted stock unit awards covering shares of the Companys common stock (the awards)
to each of Matthew B. Jore and Jeffrey D. Gutke (the Executives) under the Companys 2024 Incentive Award Plan,
as may be amended from time to time (the Plan) and the Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Restricted
Stock Unit Agreement thereunder (together, the Performance-Based RSU Agreement). The following description of the
awards is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, the full text of the Performance-Based RSU Agreement, which is attached
hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and is incorporated by reference herein.

The awards consist of performance-based restricted
stock units subject to vesting based on the Companys average stock price attaining certain stock price goals (the Shareholder
Return RSUs), and performance-based restricted stock units subject to vesting based on the Companys cumulative revenue
(the Revenue RSUs). The performance period for the awards is the three-year period that commenced on January 1, 2025
and ends on December 31, 2027 (the Performance Period).

The following is a brief description of the material
terms and conditions of the awards.

Shareholder Return RSUs

General. Each Executive is eligible to
vest in a number of restricted stock units ranging from 0% to 200% of the target number of Shareholder Return RSUs granted to such Executive,
based on the Companys average closing stock price (the Average Stock Price) over the final 120 consecutive
trading days ending on the last day of the Performance Period (the Shareholder Return Measurement Period).

Vesting. Subject to the Executives
continued service through the applicable vesting date, the actual number of Shareholder Return RSUs that vest will be determined by multiplying
(i) the number of Shareholder Return RSUs (at target) granted to such Executive, by (ii) the applicable vesting percentage,
which shall be determined based on the Average Stock Price during the Shareholder Return Measurement Period, as set forth below:

Shareholder Return Achievement Level Vesting Percentage

Below Threshold 0%

Threshold 50% 

Target 100%

Maximum 200% 

The Compensation Committee set specific stock
price targets for each of the achievement levels referenced in the table above. If the Average Stock Price falls between the levels specified
above, the percentage of Shareholder Return RSUs that vest will be determined using straight line linear interpolation between such levels.

Within 120 days after the conclusion of the Performance
Period, the Compensation Committee will determine the Average Stock Price during the Shareholder Return Measurement Period and the number
of Shareholder Return RSUs that have become vested (the date of such determination by the Compensation Committee, the Measurement
Date). Any Shareholder Return RSUs that do not vest on or prior to the Measurement Date will thereupon be forfeited without
consideration therefor and the applicable Executive will have no further right or interest in or with respect to such forfeited Shareholder
Return RSUs.

Change in Control. If a Change in
Control of the Company (as defined in the Plan) is consummated, subject to the Executives continued service immediately
prior to the Change in Control, then the Shareholder Return RSUs will be deemed to convert into a number of unvested time-based restricted
stock units immediately prior to such Change in Control, determined by multiplying (i) the number of Shareholder Return RSUs (at target)
granted to such Executive, by (ii) the applicable vesting percentage set forth above, determined solely based on the per-share
consideration paid or payable (as applicable) in the Change in Control. The resulting time-based restricted stock units will be eligible
to vest in full on the last day of the Performance Period based solely on the Executives continued service through such date (or,
if the Shareholder Return RSUs are not assumed, replaced or substituted in connection with the Change in Control, will vest in full upon
the Change in Control).

1

Certain Terminations of Service.

If the Executives service is terminated
by the Company or its affiliates (collectively, the Company Group) without cause (as defined in the
Performance-Based RSU Agreement) within three (3) months prior to the consummation of a Change in Control, then, subject to the Executives
execution of an effective release of claims, the Shareholder Return RSUs shall be deemed converted into a number of time-based restricted
stock units (as described above) upon the Change in Control and will vest in full upon the consummation of such Change in Control.

If the Executives service is terminated
by the Company Group without cause or due to the Executives resignation for good reason (as defined in the Performance-Based
RSU Agreement), in either case, within twelve (12) months after the date on which a Change in Control is consummated, then subject to
the Executives execution of an effective release of claims, all of the time-based restricted stock units into which the Shareholder
Return RSUs converted upon the Change in Control shall vest in full upon the date on which the release of claims becomes effective.

If, during the Performance Period and prior to
the date on which a Change in Control is consummated, the Executives service is terminated by reason of the Executives death
or a termination by the Company Group due to the Executives disability (as defined in the Plan), a number of Shareholder
Return RSUs will vest on the date on which the Executives service is terminated based on the target level of performance.

If, during the Performance Period and on or after
the date on which a Change in Control is consummated, the Executives service is terminated by reason of the Executives death
or due to the Executives disability, all then-unvested time-based restricted stock units into which the Shareholder Return RSUs
converted upon the Change in Control shall vest in full.

If, following the conclusion of the Performance
Period but prior to the Measurement Date, the Executives service is terminated by the Company Group by reason of the Executives
death or disability, or without cause or due to the Executives resignation for good reason, then (subject, in the case of a termination
without cause or due to Executives resignation for good reason, to the Executives execution of an effective release of claims),
the Shareholder Return RSUs shall remain outstanding and eligible to vest upon the Measurement Date.

Except as described above, if the Executives
service with the Company Group terminates for any reason prior to the Measurement Date, any then-unvested Shareholder Return RSUs will
be cancelled and forfeited without consideration therefor and the Executive will have no further right or interest in or with respect
to such forfeited Shareholder Return RSUs.

Payment. Any Shareholder Return RSUs that
become vested will be paid to the Executive in shares of Company common stock or cash (as determined by the Company), in each case, as
soon as administratively practicable after the vesting, but in no event later than March 15th of the calendar year following the calendar
year in which the Shareholder Return RSUs vest.

Awards. The following amounts represent
the number of Shareholder Return RSUs that would vest at target for each of the awards granted to the Executives:

Executive Target Units

Matthew B. Jore 55,748

Jeffrey D. Gutke 11,150

Revenue RSUs

General. Each Executive is eligible to
vest in a number of restricted stock units ranging from 0% to 200% of the target number of Revenue RSUs granted to such Executive based
on attainment of certain revenue goals for the Performance Period.

Vesting. Subject to the Executives
continued service through the applicable vesting date, the actual number of Revenue RSUs that vest will be determined by multiplying (i)
the number of Revenue RSUs granted to such Executive, by (ii) the applicable vesting percentage, which shall be determined
by the Companys cumulative revenue during the Performance Period, as set forth below:

Revenue Achievement Level Vesting Percentage

Below Threshold 0%

Threshold 50% 

Target 100%

Maximum 200% 

The Compensation Committee set specific revenue
goals for each of the achievement levels referenced in the table above. If the Companys cumulative revenue during the Performance
Period falls between the levels specified above, the percentage of Revenue RSUs that vest will be determined using straight line linear
interpolation between such levels.

Within 120 days after the conclusion of the Performance
Period, on the Measurement Date, the Compensation Committee will determine the Companys cumulative revenue during the Performance
Period and the number of Revenue RSUs that have become vested. Any Revenue RSUs that do not vest on or prior to the Measurement Date will
thereupon be forfeited without consideration therefor and the applicable Executive will have no further right or interest in or with respect
to such forfeited Revenue RSUs.

2

Change in Control. If a Change in
Control of the Company is consummated, subject to the Executives continued service immediately prior to the Change in Control,
then the Revenue RSUs will be deemed to convert into a number of unvested time-based restricted stock units immediately prior to such
Change in Control based on the target level of performance or, if greater and reasonably determinable at the time of the Change in Control,
the number of Revenue RSUs that would vest had the Performance Period ended at the end of the fiscal quarter ending immediately prior
to the date of the Change in Control. The resulting time-based restricted stock units will be eligible to vest in full on the last day
of the Performance Period based solely on the Executives continued service through such date (or, if the Revenue RSUs are not assumed,
replaced or substituted in connection with the Change in Control, will vest in full upon the Change in Control).

Certain Terminations of Service.

If the Executives service is terminated
by the Company Group without cause within three (3) months prior to the consummation of a Change in Control of the Company, then, subject
to the Executives execution of an effective release of claims, the Revenue RSUs shall be deemed converted into a number of time-based
restricted stock units (as described above) upon the Change in Control and will vest in full upon the consummation of such Change in Control.
If the Executives service is terminated by the Company Group without cause or due to the Executives resignation for good
reason, in either case, within twelve (12) months after the date on which a Change in Control is consummated, then, subject to the Executives
execution of an effective release of claims, all of the time-based restricted stock units into which the Revenue RSUs converted upon the
Change in Control shall vest in full upon the date on which the release of claims becomes effective.

If, during the Performance Period and prior to
the date on which a Change in Control is consummated, the Executives service is terminated by reason of the Executives death
or due to the Executives disability, a number of Revenue RSUs will vest on the date on which the Executives service is terminated
based on the target level of performance or, if greater and reasonably determinable at the time of the termination, the number of Revenue
RSUs that would vest had the Performance Period ended at the end of the fiscal quarter ending immediately prior to the date of the termination.

If, during the Performance Period and on or after
the date on which a Change in Control is consummated, the Executives service is terminated by reason of the Executives death
or due to the Executives disability, all then-unvested time-based restricted stock units into which the Revenue RSUs converted
upon the Change in Control shall vest in full.

If, following the conclusion of the Performance
Period but prior to the Measurement Date, the Executives service is terminated by the Company Group by reason of the Executives
death or disability, or without cause or due to the Executives resignation for good reason, then (subject, in the case of a termination
without cause or due to Executives resignation for good reason, to the Executives execution of an effective release of claims),
the Revenue RSUs shall remain outstanding and eligible to vest upon the Measurement Date.

Except as described above, if the Executives
service with the Company Group terminates for any reason prior to the Measurement Date, any then-unvested Revenue RSUs will be cancelled
and forfeited without consideration therefor and the Executive will have no further right or interest in or with respect to such forfeited
Revenue RSUs.

Payment. Any Revenue RSUs that become vested
will be paid to the Executive in shares of Company common stock or cash (as determined by the Company), in each case, as soon as administratively
practicable after the vesting, but in no event later than March 15th of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the Revenue
RSUs vest.

Awards. The following amounts represent
the number of Revenue RSUs that would vest at target for each of the awards granted to the Executives:

Executive Target Units

Matthew B. Jore 22,601

Jeffrey D. Gutke 4,520

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

10.1 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

3

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

AIRJOULE Technologies Corporation

Date: February 19, 2025 By: /s/ Stephen S. Pang

Name: Stephen S. Pang

Title: Chief Financial Officer

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023158901ex10-1_airjoule.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF PERFORMANCE-BASED RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT NOTICE AND RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

MONTANA TECHNOLOGIES
CORPORATION

2024 INCENTIVE AWARD PLAN

PERFORMANCE-BASED
RESTRICTED STOCK Unit Grant Notice

AirJoule Technologies Corporation
(f/k/a Montana Technologies Corporation), a Delaware corporation (the Company), has granted to the participant
listed below (Participant) the Restricted Stock Units (the RSUs) described in
this Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice (this Grant Notice), subject to the terms and conditions
of the Montana Technologies Corporation 2024 Incentive Award Plan (as amended from time to time, the Plan)
and the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit A and the addendum attached thereto (the Addendum
and, together with the Grant Notice and the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, the Agreement), both of which
are incorporated into this Grant Notice by reference. Each RSU is hereby granted in tandem with a corresponding Dividend Equivalent, as
further described in the Agreement. Capitalized terms not specifically defined in this Grant Notice or the Agreement have the meanings
given to them in the Plan.

Participant: 

Grant Date: 

Shareholder Returns RSUs (at Target): 

Revenue RSUs (at Target): 

Total Number of RSUs (at Target): 

Vesting Schedule: 

(a) General.
Subject to clauses (b), (c), (d) and (e) below, (i) the Shareholder Return RSUs (at Target) shall be eligible to vest based on the Companys
Average Stock Price during the Shareholder Return Measurement Period, and (ii) the Revenue RSUs (at Target) shall be eligible to vest
based on the Companys cumulative Revenue during the Performance Period, in each case, subject to and conditioned upon Participants
continued status as a Service Provider through the applicable vesting date.

(b) Shareholder
Return RSUs. Subject to clause (d) below and further subject to and conditioned upon Participants continued status as a Service
Provider through the Measurement Date (except as otherwise provided in clause (e) below), a number of Shareholder Return RSUs shall vest
on the Measurement Date equal to (A) the number of Shareholder Return RSUs (at Target) granted hereby multiplied by (B) the applicable
vesting percentage (the Shareholder Return Vesting Percentage) set forth below, which shall be determined
based on the Companys Average Stock Price during the Shareholder Return Measurement Period, as follows:

Average Stock Price During the
Shareholder Return Measurement Period: Shareholder Return Vesting Percentage: 

Below Threshold 0 %

Threshold 50 %

Target 100 %

Maximum 200 %

[Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice]

In the event that the Companys
Average Stock Price falls between the Threshold and Target values or Target and Maximum values specified in the table above, the Shareholder
Return Vesting Percentage shall be interpolated on a linear basis (for clarity, if Average Stock Price falls below the Threshold value,
the Shareholder Return Vesting Percentage shall equal 0%).

(c) Revenue
RSUs. Subject to clause (d) below and further subject to and conditioned upon Participants continued status as a Service Provider
through the Measurement Date (except as otherwise provided in clause (e) below), a number of Revenue RSUs shall vest on the Measurement
Date equal to (A) the number of Revenue RSUs (at Target) granted hereby multiplied by (B) the applicable vesting percentage (the Revenue
Vesting Percentage) set forth below, which shall be determined based on the Companys cumulative Revenue during
the Performance Period, as follows:

Revenue During the Performance Period: Revenue Vesting Percentage: 

Below Threshold 0 %

Threshold 50 %

Target 100 %

Maximum 200 %

In the event that the Companys cumulative Revenue during the Performance Period falls between the Threshold and Target levels
or Target and Maximum levels specified in the table above, the Revenue Vesting Percentage shall be interpolated on a linear basis (for
clarity, if Revenue falls below the Threshold level, the Revenue Vesting Percentage shall equal 0%).

(d) Change
in Control. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that a Change in Control is consummated during the Performance Period and
Participant remains in continued status as a Service Provider until at least immediately prior to such Change in Control, then:

(i) Immediately
prior to the Change in Control, the Shareholder Return RSUs will be deemed to convert into a number of unvested RSUs determined in accordance
with clause (b) above based solely on the per-Share consideration paid or payable (as applicable) in the Change in Control (as determined
by the Administrator) (the Per Share CIC Consideration), and any Shareholder Return RSUs that are not deemed
to convert into unvested RSUs shall be canceled and forfeited without payment of any consideration therefor immediately prior to the consummation
of the Change in Control, and the Participant shall have no further right to or interest in such forfeited Shareholder Return RSUs. For
clarity, the number of such unvested RSUs shall equal (x) the number of Shareholder Return RSUs (at Target) granted hereby multiplied
by (Y) the Shareholder Vesting Percentage (which shall be determined based solely on the Per-Share CIC Consideration). If an Assumption
of the unvested RSUs (withing the meaning of Section 8.3 of the Plan) occurs in connection with the Change in Control, then such unvested
RSUs (as continued, converted, assumed, or replaced and adjusted in connection with the Change in Control and such Assumption) will be
eligible to vest in full on the last day of the Performance Period based solely on the Participants continued status as a Service
Provider through such date or upon Participants Termination of Service as provided in clause (e) below; provided, however, that
if no Assumption of the unvested RSUs occurs in connection with the Change in Control, then such unvested RSUs will vest in full upon
the Change in Control.

2

(ii)
Immediately prior to the Change in Control, the Revenue RSUs will be deemed to convert into a number of unvested RSUs determined in accordance
with clause (c) above based on the Target level of performance (or, if greater and to the extent reasonably determinable by the Committee
at the time of the Change in Control, the Companys actual cumulative Revenue during the Performance Period (calculated assuming
that the Performance Period ended on the last day of the Companys fiscal quarter ending immediately prior to the date of such Change
in Control)), and any Revenue RSUs that are not deemed to convert into unvested RSUs shall be canceled and forfeited without payment of
any consideration therefor immediately prior to the consummation of the Change in Control, and the Participant shall have no further right
to or interest in such forfeited Revenue RSUs. For clarity, the number of such unvested RSUs shall equal (x) the number of Revenue RSUs
(at Target) granted hereby multiplied by (y) the applicable Revenue Vesting Percentage (i.e., determined based on the Target level of
performance or actual cumulative Revenue through the last day of the Companys fiscal quarter ending immediately prior to the date
of such Change in Control, as applicable). If an Assumption of the unvested RSUs (withing the meaning of Section 8.3 of the Plan) occurs
in connection with the Change in Control, then such unvested RSUs (as continued, converted, assumed, or replaced and adjusted in connection
with the Change in Control and such Assumption) will be eligible to vest in full on the last day of the Performance Period based solely
on the Participants continued status as a Service Provider through such date or upon Participants Termination of Service
as provided in clause (e) below; provided, however, that if no Assumption of the unvested RSUs occurs in connection with the Change in
Control, then such unvested RSUs will vest in full upon the Change in Control.

(e) Termination
of Service. Notwithstanding clauses (a), (b), (c) and (d) above:

(i) If,
during the Performance Period, Participant incurs a Termination of Service by reason of Participants death or a termination by
the Company or a Subsidiary thereof due to Participants Disability, then:

(x) If
such Termination of Service occurs prior to the date on which a Change in Control is consummated: (x) a number of Shareholder Return RSUs
will vest on the date of such Termination of Service based on the Target level of performance; and (y) a number of Revenue RSUs will vest
on the date of such Termination of Service based on the Target level of performance (or, if greater and to the extent reasonably determinable
by the Committee at the time of the Termination of Service, the Companys actual cumulative Revenue during the Performance Period
(calculated assuming that the Performance Period ended on the last day of the Companys fiscal quarter ending immediately prior
to the date of such Termination of Service)).

(y) If
such Termination of Service occurs on or after the date on which a Change in Control is consummated, then all then-unvested RSUs into
which the Shareholder Return RSUs and Revenue RSUs converted upon the Change in Control pursuant to clause (d) above shall vest in full
upon such Termination of Service.

(ii)
If, during the Performance Period, Participant incurs a Termination of Service due to a termination by the Company or a Subsidiary thereof
without Cause within three (3) months prior to the consummation of a Change in Control, then subject to Participant timely executing and
not revoking a release of claims in a form prescribed by the Company (a Release) that becomes effective and
irrevocable no later than sixty (60) days following the date of such Termination of Service (or such earlier date as set forth in the
Release) (the date such Release becomes effective and irrevocable, the Release Effective Date), then the Shareholder
Return RSUs and Revenue RSUs shall be deemed converted into a number of unvested RSUs pursuant to clause (d) above immediately prior to
the consummation of such Change in Control and such unvested RSUs shall vest in full upon the consummation of such Change in Control.
For the avoidance of doubt, following Participants Termination of Service by the Company or a Subsidiary thereof without Cause
prior to the consummation of a Change in Control, the Shareholder Return RSUs and Revenue RSUs shall remain outstanding and eligible to
vest upon a Change in Control that is consummated during the three (3)-month period immediately following the date of such Termination
of Service in accordance with the preceding sentence, and shall be canceled and forfeited without payment of any consideration therefor
on the three (3)-month anniversary of the date of such Termination of Service if a Change in Control is not consummated on or prior to
such three (3)-month anniversary.

3

(iii) If,
during the Performance Period, Participant incurs a Termination of Service due to a termination by the Company or a Subsidiary thereof
without Cause or due to Participants resignation for Good Reason, in either case, on or within twelve (12) months after the date
on which a Change in Control is consummated, then subject to Participant timely executing and not revoking a Release that becomes effective
and irrevocable no later than sixty (60) days following the date of such Termination of Service (or such earlier date as set forth in
the Release), all then-unvested RSUs into which the Shareholder Return RSUs and Revenue RSUs converted upon the Change in Control pursuant
to clause (d) above shall vest in full upon the Release Effective Date.

(iv) If,
following the conclusion of the Performance Period but prior to the Measurement Date, Participant incurs a Termination of Service by reason
of Participants death, a termination by the Company or a Subsidiary thereof due to Participants Disability or without Cause
or due to Participants resignation for Good Reason, in any case, then (subject, in the case of a termination without Cause or resignation
for Good Reason only, to Participant timely executing and not revoking a Release that becomes effective and irrevocable no later than
sixty (60) days following the date of such Termination of Service (or such earlier date as set forth in the Release)), the Shareholder
Return RSUs and the Revenue RSUs shall remain outstanding and eligible to vest upon the Measurement Date in accordance with clauses (b)
and (c) above, and any Shareholder Return RSUs and Revenue RSUs that do not vest on the Measurement Date shall be canceled and forfeited
without payment of any consideration therefor on the Measurement Date.

(f) Termination;
Forfeiture. Unless earlier terminated as set forth in this Grant Notice or the Agreement, any Shareholder Return RSUs and any Revenue
RSUs that have not become vested on or prior to the Measurement Date will thereupon be automatically forfeited by Participant without
payment of any consideration therefor. If Participant experiences a Termination of Service for any reason prior to the Measurement Date,
all then-unvested RSUs (after taking into account any vesting that occurs in connection with such Termination of Service pursuant to clause
(e) above, if any) will thereupon be automatically forfeited by Participant without payment of any consideration therefor.

Definitions: 

For purposes hereof, the following terms shall
have the respective meanings set forth below:

Average Stock Price
shall mean, with respect to the Measurement Period, the average closing price of a Share over the Shareholder Return Measurement Period.

Cause shall mean
(i) Participants unauthorized use or disclosure of confidential information or trade secrets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
or any material breach of a written agreement between Participant and the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, including without limitation
a material breach of any employment, confidentiality, non-compete, non-solicit or similar agreement; (ii) Participants commission
of, indictment for or the entry of a plea of guilty or nolo contendere by Participant to, a felony under the laws of the United States
or any state thereof or any crime involving dishonesty or moral turpitude (or any similar crime in any jurisdiction outside the United
States); (iii) Participants gross negligence or willful misconduct in the performance of Participants duties or Participants
willful or repeated failure or refusal to substantially perform assigned duties; (iv) any act of fraud, embezzlement, material misappropriation
or dishonesty committed by Participant against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; or (v) any acts, omissions or statements by Participant
which the Company determines to be materially detrimental or damaging to the reputation, operations, prospects or business relations
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

4

Disability shall
have the meaning set forth in the Plan.

Good Reason shall
mean the occurrence of one or more of the following events, without Participants written consent: (i) a material diminution in
Participants duties, responsibilities or authority, (ii) the Company (or its Subsidiary) requires Participant to relocate Participants
principal place of employment by more than fifty (50) miles from Participants principal place of work as of immediately prior
to such relocation (which, for clarity, may include a remote work location in accordance with the Companys standard practices
and policies regarding remote work) other than temporary work-related travel and other than a relocation that reduces Participants
one-way commute from his principal residence, or (iii) a material diminution in Participants annual base salary or target annual
cash performance bonus, except in connection with proportionate across-the-board salary reductions (and corresponding target bonus deductions)
imposed on substantially all of the Companys similarly-situated employees. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Participant will not
be deemed to have resigned for Good Reason unless (x) Participant provides the Company with written notice setting forth in reasonable
detail the facts and circumstances alleged by Participant to constitute Good Reason within thirty (30) days following the date of the
occurrence of the event constituting Good Reason, (y) the Company fails to cure the same (to the extent capable of cure) within thirty
(30) days after its receipt of such notice and (z) the effective date of Participants termination for Good Reason occurs no later
than thirty (30) days after the expiration of the Companys cure period.

Performance Period
shall mean the period commencing on January 1, 2025 and ending on December 31, 2027.

Revenue shall
mean, with respect to the Performance Period, the Companys cumulative revenue for the Performance Period, as reported in the Companys
Annual and Quarterly Reports on Forms 10-K and 10-Q (as applicable) for such Performance Period, plus, for any period within the
Performance Period that the Company does not consolidate the revenue of AirJoule, LLC into the Companys financial statements,
an amount equal to the cumulative revenue for AirJoule, LLC for such period, as reported in such entitys financial statements,
multiplied by the Companys ownership interest in AirJoule, LLC. 

5

Measurement Date
shall mean the date (which shall be no later than one hundred twenty (120) days after the conclusion of such Performance Period) on which
the Committee determines the Companys Average Stock Price during the Shareholder Return Measurement Period and the Companys
Revenue during the Performance Period and the number of Shareholder Return RSUs and Revenue RSUs that have become vested hereunder.

Shareholder Return Measurement
Period shall mean the one-hundred and twenty (120) consecutive trading days ending on the last day of the Performance
Period (or, if the last day of the Performance Period is not a trading day, on the last trading day to occur prior to the last day of
the Performance Period). 

By accepting (whether in writing,
electronically or otherwise) the RSUs and Dividend Equivalents, Participant agrees to be bound by the terms of this Grant Notice, the
Plan and the Agreement. In addition, Participant acknowledges and agrees to be bound by the forfeiture provisions related to the Restrictive
Covenants (as defined on Exhibit A) set forth in Section 2.1(b) of the Agreement. Participant has reviewed the Plan, this Grant
Notice and the Agreement in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing this Grant Notice
and fully understands all provisions of the Plan, this Grant Notice and the Agreement. Participant hereby agrees to accept as binding,
conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Administrator upon any questions arising under the Plan, this Grant Notice
or the Agreement.

AirJoule Technologies 

Corporation (f/k/a Montana

Technologies Corporation) PARTICIPANT

By: 

Name: 

Title: [Participant Name]

6

Exhibit A

RESTRICTED STOCK
UNIT AGREEMENT

Capitalized terms not specifically
defined in this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement and the addendum attached thereto (the Addendum and, together
with the Grant Notice and the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, the Agreement) shall have the meanings specified
in the Grant Notice or, if not defined in the Grant Notice, in the Plan.

Article
I.

general

1.1 Award of
RSUs(a). The Company has granted the RSUs to Participant effective as of the grant date set forth in the Grant Notice (the
Grant Date). Each RSU represents the right to receive one Share or an amount in cash equal to the Fair
Market Value of one Share (as applicable), as set forth in this Agreement. Participant will have no right to the distribution of any
Shares or cash, as applicable, until the time (if ever) the RSUs have vested.

1.2 Dividend
Equivalents. With respect to each RSU granted hereunder, the Company has granted a tandem Dividend Equivalent, which Dividend Equivalent
shall remain outstanding from the Grant Date until the earlier of the payment or forfeiture of the RSU to which it corresponds. Each Dividend
Equivalent shall entitle Participant to receive the equivalent value of any ordinary cash dividend declared by the Company on a single
Share while such Dividend Equivalent is outstanding. The Company will establish a separate Dividend Equivalent bookkeeping account for
each Dividend Equivalent (a Dividend Equivalent Account) and will credit the Dividend Equivalent Account (without
interest) on the applicable dividend payment date with the amount of any such cash paid. Any Dividend Equivalents granted in connection
with the RSUs issued hereunder and any amounts that may become distributable in respect thereof shall be treated separately from such
RSUs and the rights arising in connection therewith for purposes of Section 409A of the Code (including for purposes of the designation
of the time and form of payments required by Section 409A of the Code).

1.3 Incorporation of
Terms of Plan. The RSUs and Dividend Equivalents are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and the
Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference. In the event of any inconsistency between the Plan and this Agreement, the terms of
the Plan will control, unless it is expressly specified in this Agreement or the Grant Notice that the specific provision of the
Plan will not apply. For clarity, the foregoing sentence shall not limit the applicability of any additive language contained in
this Agreement which provides supplemental or additional terms not inconsistent with the Plan. If the Addendum applies to
Participant, in the event of a conflict between the terms of this Agreement or the Plan and the provisions in the Addendum, the
terms and conditions in the Addendum shall control.

1.4 Unsecured
Promise. The RSUs and Dividend Equivalents will at all times prior to settlement represent an unsecured Company obligation
payable only from the Companys general assets.

A-1

Article
II.

VESTING; forfeiture AND SETTLEMENT

2.1 Vesting;
Forfeiture.

(a) General.
The RSUs will vest according to the vesting schedule in the Grant Notice except that any fraction of an RSU that would otherwise be vested
will be accumulated and will vest only when a whole RSU has accumulated. Dividend Equivalents (including any Dividend Equivalent Account
balance) will vest upon the vesting of the RSUs to which the Dividend Equivalent (including the Dividend Equivalent Account) relates.

(b) Forfeiture.

(i) Except
as otherwise set forth in the Grant Notice, the Plan or this Agreement, and unless the Administrator otherwise determines, in the event
of Participants Termination of Service for any reason, all unvested RSUs (together with their tandem Dividend Equivalents (and
any corresponding Dividend Equivalent Account balance)) will immediately and automatically be cancelled and forfeited (after taking into
consideration any accelerated vesting which may occur in connection with such Termination of Service, if any).

(ii) In
consideration of the grant of the RSUs hereunder, and further as a material inducement for the Company to enter into this Agreement with
Participant and to grant Participant the RSUs, Participant hereby acknowledges and agrees that, at the Companys request, Participant
shall enter into one or more agreements (in a form to be provided by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries) with the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries setting forth restrictive covenants in favor of the Company and its Subsidiaries (the restrictive covenants set forth
in any such agreement(s), collectively, the Restrictive Covenants). In the event that Participant breaches
any Restrictive Covenant, then to the greatest extent permitted by Applicable Law and except as otherwise determined by the Administrator,
any unvested RSUs or vested RSUs which have not yet been settled (together with their tandem Dividend Equivalents and any corresponding
Dividend Equivalent Account balance) will automatically be forfeited and cancelled as of such breach without payment.

2.2 Settlement.

(a) RSUs
and Dividend Equivalents (including any Dividend Equivalent Account balance) that vest will be paid in Shares or cash (as determined by
the Company), in each case, as soon as administratively practicable after the vesting of the applicable RSU, but in no event later than
March 15th of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the applicable RSU vests.

(b) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Company may delay any payment under this Agreement that the Company reasonably determines would violate Applicable
Law or an applicable provision of the Plan until the earliest date the Company reasonably determines the making of the payment will not
cause such a violation (in accordance with Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(7)(ii)); provided the Company reasonably believes
the delay will not result in the imposition of excise taxes under Section 409A.

(c) If
a vested RSU is paid in cash pursuant to Section 2.2(a), the amount of cash paid with respect to the RSU will equal the Fair Market Value
of a Share on the last trading day to occur immediately preceding the payment date. If a Dividend Equivalent that vests is paid
in Shares pursuant to Section 2.2(a), the number of Shares issued will equal the quotient, rounded down to the nearest whole Share, of
the corresponding Dividend Equivalent Account balance divided by the Fair Market Value of a Share on the last trading day to occur immediately
preceding the payment date (and any fractional Share that would otherwise be paid shall be eliminated).

Article
III.

TAXATION AND TAX WITHHOLDING

3.1 Representation.
Participant represents to the Company that Participant has reviewed with Participants own tax advisors the tax consequences
of the RSUs and Dividend Equivalents and the transactions contemplated by the Grant Notice and this Agreement. Participant is
relying solely on such advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of its agents.

A-2

3.2 Tax
Withholding.

(a) Subject
to Section 3.2(b), payment of the applicable withholding tax obligations with respect to the RSUs and Dividend Equivalents may be by any
of the following, or a combination thereof, as determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board (the Compensation Committee):

(i) Cash,
wire transfer of immediately available funds or check;

(ii) By
delivery of Shares, including Shares delivered by attestation, then-owned by Participant valued at their Fair Market Value on the date
of delivery;

(iii) By
the Company withholding Shares otherwise issuable in respect of the RSUs in satisfaction of any applicable withholding tax obligations,
valued at their Fair Market Value on the applicable date; or

(iv) By
any combination of (i) - (iii) above.

(b) Unless
the Compensation Committee otherwise determines: (i) with respect to any RSUs and/or Dividend Equivalents settled in cash, the Company
shall withhold or cause to be withheld, from the amounts payable to Participant under this Agreement, and/or from Participants
wages or other cash compensation paid by the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, all applicable foreign, federal, state and/or local taxes
as are required to be withheld pursuant to applicable law or regulation; and (ii) with respect to any RSUs and/or Dividend Equivalents
settled in Shares, payment of the applicable withholding tax obligations shall be by delivery of an irrevocable and unconditional undertaking
by a broker acceptable to the Company to deliver promptly to the Company sufficient funds to pay the withholding tax obligations or by
delivery (including electronically or telephonically to the extent permitted by the Company) to the Company of a copy of irrevocable and
unconditional instructions to a broker acceptable to the Company that Participant has placed a market sell order with such broker with
respect to Shares then-issuable upon settlement of the RSUs and Dividend Equivalents, and that the broker has been directed to deliver
promptly to the Company funds sufficient to satisfy the applicable tax withholding obligations; provided, that payment of such proceeds
is then made to the Company at such time as may be required by the Compensation Committee.

(c) The
number of Shares which may be so withheld or surrendered pursuant to Section 3.2(b)(ii) above shall be limited to the number of Shares
which have a fair market value on the date of withholding no greater than the aggregate amount of such liabilities based on the maximum
individual statutory withholding rates in Participants applicable jurisdictions for federal, state, local and foreign income tax
and payroll tax purposes that are applicable to such taxable income, in accordance with Section 9.5 of the Plan.

(d) Participant
acknowledges that Participant is ultimately liable and responsible for all taxes owed in connection with the RSUs and Dividend Equivalents,
regardless of any action the Company or any Subsidiary or affiliate takes with respect to any tax withholding obligations that arise in
connection with the RSUs and Dividend Equivalents. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary or affiliate makes any representation or undertaking
regarding the treatment of any tax withholding in connection with the grant, vesting or payment of the RSUs and Dividend Equivalents or
the subsequent sale of Shares. The Company and its Subsidiaries and affiliates do not commit and are under no obligation to structure
the RSUs and Dividend Equivalents to reduce or eliminate Participants tax liability.

A-3

Article
IV.

other provisions

4.1 Adjustments.
Participant acknowledges that the RSUs, the Dividend Equivalents, and the Shares subject to the RSUs are subject to adjustment,
modification and termination in certain events as provided in this Agreement and the Plan.

4.2 Clawback.
The RSUs, the Dividend Equivalents and the Shares issuable pursuant to the RSUs shall be subject to the Companys Policy for Recovery
of Erroneously Awarded Compensation, as well as any other clawback or recoupment policy in effect on the Grant Date or that may be adopted
or maintained by the Company following the Grant Date.

4.3 Notices. Any
notice to be given under the terms of this Agreement to the Company must be in writing and addressed to the Company in care of the
Companys Chief Legal Officer at the Companys principal office or the Chief Legal Officers then-current email
address. Any notice to be given under the terms of this Agreement to Participant must be in writing and addressed to Participant
(or, if Participant is then deceased, to the Designated Beneficiary) at Participants last known mailing address or email
address in the Companys personnel files. By a notice given pursuant to this Section, either party may designate a different
address for notices to be given to that party. Any notice will be deemed duly given when actually received, when sent by email, when
sent by certified mail (return receipt requested) and deposited with postage prepaid in a post office or branch post office
regularly maintained by the United States Postal Service, when delivered by a nationally recognized express shipping company or upon
receipt of a facsimile transmission confirmation.

4.4 Titles.
Titles are provided herein for convenience only and are not to serve as a basis for interpretation or construction of this
Agreement.

4.5 Conformity to
Securities Laws. Participant acknowledges that the Plan, the Grant Notice and this Agreement are intended to conform to the
extent necessary with all Applicable Laws and, to the extent Applicable Laws permit, will be deemed amended as necessary to conform
to Applicable Laws.

4.6 Successors and
Assigns. The Company may assign any of its rights under this Agreement to a single or multiple assignees, and this Agreement
will inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company. Subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth in this
Agreement or the Plan, this Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legatees, legal representatives,
successors and assigns of the parties hereto.

4.7 Limitations
Applicable to Section 16 Persons. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan or this Agreement, if Participant is subject
to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, the Plan, the Grant Notice, this Agreement and the RSUs and Dividend Equivalents will be subject
to any additional limitations set forth in any applicable exemptive rule under Section 16 of the Exchange Act (including any
amendment to Rule 16b-3) that are requirements for the application of such exemptive rule. To the extent Applicable Laws permit,
this Agreement will be deemed amended as necessary to conform to such applicable exemptive rule.

4.8 Entire
Agreement. The Plan, the Grant Notice and this Agreement (including any exhibit hereto) constitute the entire agreement of the
parties and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and Participant with respect to the
subject matter hereof.

A-4

4.9 Severability.
If any portion of the Grant Notice or this Agreement or any action taken under the Grant Notice or this Agreement, in any case is held
illegal or invalid for any reason, the illegality or invalidity will not affect the remaining parts of the Grant Notice and/or this Agreement
(as applicable), and the Grant Notice and/or this Agreement (as applicable) will be construed and enforced as if the illegal or invalid
provisions had been excluded, and the illegal or invalid action will be null and void.

4.10 Limitation on
Participants Rights. Participation in the Plan confers no rights or interests other than as herein provided. This
Agreement creates only a contractual obligation on the part of the Company as to amounts payable and may not be construed as
creating a trust. Neither the Plan nor any underlying program, in and of itself, has any assets. Participant will have only the
rights of a general unsecured creditor of the Company with respect to amounts credited and benefits payable, if any, with respect to
the RSUs and Dividend Equivalents, and rights no greater than the right to receive the Shares as a general unsecured creditor with
respect to the RSUs and Dividend Equivalents, as and when settled pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

4.11 Not a Contract
of Employment or Service. Nothing in the Plan, the Grant Notice or this Agreement (including the Addendum) confers upon
Participant any right to continue in the employ or service of the Company or its Subsidiary or affiliate or interferes with or
restricts in any way the rights of the Company and its Subsidiaries and affiliates, which rights are hereby expressly reserved, to
discharge or terminate the services of Participant at any time for any reason whatsoever, with or without Cause, except to the
extent expressly provided otherwise in a written agreement between the Company or a Subsidiary or affiliate and Participant.

4.12 Counterparts.
The Grant Notice may be executed in one or more counterparts, including by way of any electronic signature, subject to Applicable
Law, each of which will be deemed an original and all of which together will constitute one instrument.

4.13 Governing
Law. The Grant Notice and this Agreement will be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of
Delaware, disregarding any states choice-of-law principles requiring the application of a jurisdictions laws other
than the State of Delaware.

4.14 Addendum.
Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, if Participant performs services for the Company outside of the United States, the RSUs
and Dividend Equivalents shall be subject to any additional terms and conditions set forth in the Addendum to this Agreement for Participants
country of residence. Moreover, if Participant relocates to one of the countries included in the Addendum, the additional terms and conditions
for such country will apply to Participant, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is
necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. The Addendum constitutes part of this Agreement.

* * * * *

A-5

ADDENDUM

2024 INCENTIVE AWARD PLAN

Restricted
STock Unit AGREEMENT

This Addendum (this Addendum)
includes special terms and conditions applicable to Participants in the countries below. These terms and conditions are in addition to
those set forth in the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (the Agreement) and the Plan and to the extent there
are any inconsistencies between these terms and conditions and those set forth in the Agreement, these terms and conditions shall prevail.
Any capitalized term used in this Addendum without definition shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Plan or the Agreement,
as applicable.

This Addendum also includes
information relating to issues of which Participant should be aware with respect to his or her participation in the Plan. The information
is based on the securities and other laws in effect in the respective countries as of June 2024. Such laws are often complex and change
frequently. As a result, the Company strongly recommends that Participant not rely on the information herein as the only source of information
relating to the consequences of participation in the Plan because the information may be outdated when Participant vests in the RSUs and
acquires Shares, or when Participant receives payment of the Dividend Equivalents or when Participant subsequently sells Shares acquired
under the Plan.

In addition, the information
is general in nature and may not apply to the particular situation of Participant, and the Company is not in a position to assure Participant
of any particular result. Accordingly, Participant is advised to seek appropriate professional advice as to how the relevant laws in his
or her country may apply to his or her situation. Finally, if Participant is a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in
which he or she is currently working, the information contained herein may not be applicable to Participant.

UAE 

(a) Tax and Social Insurance Contribution Obligations. In connection with the grant of the RSUs and
Dividend Equivalents, Participant will be responsible for complying with any applicable legal requirements in connection with Participants
participation in the Plan and for any tax or social insurance contribution obligations arising from the RSUs and Dividend Equivalents
and related benefits Participant receives or beneficially owns. In connection with the grant of the RSUs and Dividend Equivalents, the
Company may report or withhold taxes as may be required under local law. Participant should seek advice from their own personal advisors
at their own expense regarding the legal and tax implications of their participation in the Plan and the grant of the RSUs and Dividend
Equivalents.

(b) Nature of Grant. Participant acknowledges that the RSUs and Dividend Equivalents, the Plan, the
Grant Notice, the Agreement or this Addendum and Participants participation in the Plan does not create any claims against the
Company, any Subsidiary or affiliate (or employer of record) employing them, either directly or indirectly. Participant acknowledges that
the RSUs and Dividend Equivalents and related benefits do not constitute a component of their wages for any legal purpose.
Therefore, the RSUs and Dividend Equivalents and related benefits will not be included and/or considered for purposes of calculating any
and all labor benefits, such as end of service gratuity and/or any other labor-related amounts which may be payable.

Addendum-1

(c) Securities Law Information. The grant of RSUs and Dividend Equivalents pursuant to the Plan are
being offered only to eligible Service Providers and are in the nature of providing equity incentives to those based in the UAE. The Restricted
Stock Unit Agreement to which this Addendum is attached is intended for distribution only to such an eligible Service Provider and must
not be delivered to, or relied on by, any other person. Prospective acquirers of the securities, including Participant, offered should
conduct their own due diligence on the securities.

(d) Disclaimer. This Addendum relates to an Exempt Offer in accordance with the Abu Dhabi
Global Market (ADGM) Financial Services and Market Regulations of the ADGM Financial Services Regulatory Authority
(FSRA). This Addendum is intended for distribution only to Persons of a type specified in those
rules. It must not be delivered to, or relied on by, any other Person. The FSRA has no responsibility for reviewing or verifying
any documents in connection with Exempt Offers. The ADGM has not approved this Addendum (or the Plan, the Agreement or the
Grant Notice) nor taken steps to verify the information set out in it (or them) and has no responsibility for it (or them). The securities
to which this Addendum relates may be illiquid and/or subject to restrictions on resale. Prospective purchasers of the securities offered
should conduct their own due diligence on the securities. If Participant does not understand the contents of this Addendum (or the Plan,
the Agreement or the Grant Notice), they should consult an authorized financial adviser.

(e) Arbitration. The parties to the Plan, the Agreement, the Grant Notice and this Addendum hereby
agree that any disputes arising under or in connection with the Plan, the Agreement, the Grant Notice and this Addendum shall be referred
to arbitration at and in accordance with the rules of JAMS in effect at the time of the arbitration (the current version of which is available
here: www.jamsadr.com). The seat, or legal place, of arbitration shall be at the JAMS office in Seattle, Washington (or such JAMS office
location that is closest to Ronan, Montana, at the time of arbitration). The number of arbitrators shall be one. The language to be used
in the arbitration is English.

(f) Consent to Deductions. By participating in the Plan, Participant acknowledges and agrees that the
Company, any Subsidiary and/or any affiliate may at any time, without notice, during Participants employment and on termination,
set off and/or make deductions from Participants salary or from any other sums due to Participant from the Company, any Subsidiary
and/or any affiliate in respect of any overpayment, outstanding debt or other sums due from Participant.

Addendum-2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>airj-20250212.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>airj-20250212_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>airj-20250212_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Class A Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Warrants to purchase Class A common stock 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>airj-20250212_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 12, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 12, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41151

Entity Registrant Name AirJoule Technologies Corporation

Entity Central Index Key 0001855474

Entity Tax Identification Number 86-2962208

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 34361 Innovation Drive

Entity Address, City or Town Ronan

Entity Address, State or Province MT

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 59864

City Area Code 800

Local Phone Number 942-3083

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Class A Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Class A Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol AIRJ

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrants to purchase Class A common stock 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants to purchase Class A common stock

Trading Symbol AIRJW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=AIRJ_ClassCommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=AIRJ_WarrantsToPurchaseClassCommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
3 
23 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://airjouletech.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

airj-20250212.xsd 
airj-20250212_def.xml 
airj-20250212_lab.xml 
airj-20250212_pre.xml 
ea0231589-8k_airjoule.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-015318-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>ea0231589-8k_airjoule_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001855474 

2025-02-12 
2025-02-12 

0001855474 

AIRJ:ClassCommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2025-02-12 
2025-02-12 

0001855474 

AIRJ:WarrantsToPurchaseClassCommonStockMember 

2025-02-12 
2025-02-12 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001855474 
8-K 
2025-02-12 
AirJoule Technologies Corporation 
DE 
001-41151 
86-2962208 
34361 Innovation Drive 
Ronan 
MT 
59864 
800 
942-3083 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
AIRJ 
NASDAQ 
Warrants to purchase Class A common stock 
AIRJW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>