<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-023522.txt : 20250313
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-023522.hdr.sgml : 20250313
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250313171457
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-023522
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250313
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250313
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250313

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Ready Capital Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001527590
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				900729143
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35808
		FILM NUMBER:		25736828

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1251 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS
		STREET 2:		50TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10020
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(800) 453-3548

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1251 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS
		STREET 2:		50TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10020

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Sutherland Asset Management Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20161110

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ZAIS Financial Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110808
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm258892d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000152759000015275902025-03-132025-03-130001527590rc:CommonStock0.0001ParValuePerShareMember2025-03-132025-03-130001527590us-gaap:SeriesCPreferredStockMember2025-03-132025-03-130001527590us-gaap:SeriesEPreferredStockMember2025-03-132025-03-130001527590rc:Sec7.00ConvertibleSeniorNotesDue2023Member2025-03-132025-03-130001527590rc:Sec6.20SeniorNotesDue2026Member2025-03-132025-03-130001527590rc:Sec5.75SeniorNotesDue2026Member2025-03-132025-03-13iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

Date
of Report (Date Earliest Event reported): March 13, 2025

READY
CAPITAL CORPORATION

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Maryland 001-35808 90-0729143

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification
No.)

1251
Avenue of the Americas, 50th
Floor

New
York, NY10020

(212)
257-4600

(Address, including zip code, and telephone
number,

including area code, of registrants principal executive offices)

Check the appropriate
box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of
the following provisions: 

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the
Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e- 4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, $0.0001 par value RC New York Stock Exchange

6.25% Series C Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock, $0.0001 par value per share RC PRC New York Stock Exchange

6.50%
Series E Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock, $0.0001 par value per share RC PRE New York Stock Exchange

6.20% Senior Notes due 2026 RCB New York Stock Exchange

5.75% Senior Notes due 2026 RCC New York Stock Exchange

9.00% Senior Notes due 2029 RCD New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging
growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging
growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any
new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.

This Current Report on Form 8-K is being
filed in connection with the consummation on March 13, 2025 (the Closing Date) of the transactions contemplated by that
certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 29, 2024 (the Merger Agreement), by and among Ready Capital Corporation,
a Maryland corporation (Ready Capital), United Development Funding IV, a Maryland real estate investment trust (UDF
IV), and RC Merger Sub IV, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly owned subsidiary of Ready Capital (Merger
Sub). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, on the Closing Date, UDF IV merged with and into Merger Sub (the Merger),
with Merger Sub continuing as the surviving entity of the Merger and a wholly owned subsidiary of Ready Capital. The combined company
will continue to operate under the name Ready Capital Corporation, and its shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per
share (Ready Capital Common Stock), will continue to trade on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the
ticker symbol RC. The events described herein took place in connection with the consummation of the Merger.

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

Contingent Value Rights Agreement 

On
the Closing Date, Ready Capital and Computershare Inc. and its affiliate Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as rights agent thereunder,
entered into the Contingent Value Rights Agreement (the CVR Agreement). The contingent value rights (CVRs)
issued in connection with the Merger are governed by the terms of the CVR Agreement. The CVR Agreement provides each CVR holder the right
to receive additional shares of Ready Capital Common Stock after the end of each of (i) the period beginning on October 1, 2024, and ending
on December 31, 2025 and (ii) the three subsequent calendar years (each, a CVR Accrual Period), based upon cash proceeds
received by Ready Capital and its subsidiaries (the Proceeds) in respect of a portfolio of five UDF IV loans identified
in the CVR Agreement (the Portfolio Loans) during each of the CVR Accrual Periods, less certain costs and expenses. Under
the CVR Agreement, once Ready Capital has recovered an amount equal to the principal of the Portfolio Loans, Ready Capital will retain
40% of the remaining net Proceeds received during the relevant CVR Accrual Period, and the CVR holders will be entitled to receive additional
shares of Ready Capital Common Stock with a value (based on the most recent publicly reported tangible book value per share of such Ready
Capital Common Stock immediately preceding the issuance date of such shares of Ready Capital Common Stock (the Parent Share Value))
equal to 60% of the remaining net Proceeds received by Ready Capital during such CVR Accrual Period.

CVRs do not represent any equity or ownership
interest in Ready Capital or any of its affiliates, and holders of CVRs do not have any voting, dividend or distribution rights. CVRs
are not transferrable by holders, other than certain customary limited exceptions. If shares of Ready Capital Common Stock are issued
in settlement of the CVRs, each CVR holder will be entitled to receive (i) an amount in cash equal to the amount of any dividends or other
distributions paid with respect to the number of whole shares of Ready Capital Common Stock received by such holder in respect of such
holders CVRs and having a record date on or after the effective time of the Merger on the Closing Date
(the Effective Time) and a payment date prior to the issuance date of such shares of Ready Capital Common Stock (the Catch-up
Dividend Amount) or (ii) (x) a number of shares of Ready Capital Common Stock equal to (A) the Catch-up Dividend Amount, divided
by (B) the Parent Share Value and (y) the amount of any dividends or other distributions payable with respect to such shares of Ready
Capital Common Stock and having a record date prior to the issuance date of such Ready Capital Common Stock and a payment date on or after
the relevant issuance date of such Ready Capital Common Stock.

The foregoing description of the CVR Agreement
does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the text of the CVR Agreement, a copy of which is filed
as Exhibit 10.1 hereto.

Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure.

On the Closing Date,
pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, UDF IV merged with and into Merger Sub, with Merger Sub continuing as the surviving entity
of the Merger.

At the Effective Time, each outstanding common share of beneficial
interest, par value $0.01 per share, of UDF IV (UDF IV Common Shares), excluding any UDF IV Common Shares held by UDF IV,
Ready Capital, Merger Sub or their subsidiaries, was automatically cancelled and retired and converted into the right to receive (i) 0.416
shares of Ready Capital Common Stock, (ii) 0.416 CVRs and (iii) cash consideration in lieu of any fractional shares of Ready Capital Common
Stock (based upon the average of the volume weighted average prices of one share of Ready Capital Common Stock for the five consecutive
trading days immediately prior to the Effective Time).

Additionally, immediately
prior to the Effective Time, each restricted stock unit granted by UDF IV payable in whole or in part in UDF IV Common Shares, or the
value of which was determined with reference to UDF IV Common Shares, whether vested or unvested, and then outstanding (the UDF
IV RSUs) automatically vested and was cancelled. Each holder of a UDF IV RSU received (i) a number of shares of Ready Capital
Common Stock and CVRs equal to the product of, in each case, (a) the total number of UDF IV Common Shares subject to such award of
UDF IV RSUs as of immediately prior to the Effective Time (assuming each such UDF IV RSU was fully vested) and (b) 0.416, and (ii) cash
consideration in lieu of any fractional shares of Ready Capital Common Stock.

Per
the terms of the transactions described in the Merger Agreement, the UDF IV Common Shares, excluding any UDF IV Common Shares held by
UDF IV, Ready Capital, Merger Sub or their subsidiaries, were converted into the right to receive 12,767,472 shares of Ready Capital Common
Stock in the aggregate, representing approximately 7% of the outstanding common equity of Ready Capital as the combined company
following the consummation of the Merger.

On the Closing Date, Ready Capital issued a press
release announcing the completion of the Merger described above. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this 8-K
and is incorporated herein by reference solely for purposes of this Item 7.01 disclosure.

The information included under this Item 7.01
(including Exhibit 99.1 to this 8-K) shall not be deemed to be filed for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liability of such section, nor shall such information
be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, regardless of the
general incorporation language of such filing, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and
Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit Number Description

10.1 Contingent Value Rights Agreement, dated March 13, 2025, by and among Ready Capital Corporation, Computershare Inc. and Computershare Trust Company, N.A.

99.1 Press Release of Ready Capital Corporation.

104.1 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 

Signatures

Pursuant to the requirements of the Exchange Act, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

READY CAPITAL CORPORATION

Date: March 13, 2025 By: /s/ Andrew Ahlborn

Name: Andrew Ahlborn

Title: Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm258892d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10. 1

CONTINGENT VALUE RIGHTS AGREEMENT

THIS
CONTINGENT VALUE RIGHTS AGREEMENT, dated as of March 13, 2025 (this Agreement), is entered into by and
among Ready Capital Corporation, a Maryland corporation (Parent) and Computershare Inc., a Delaware corporation (Computershare)
and its affiliate Computershare Trust Company, N.A., a federally chartered trust company (together with Computershare, the Rights
Agent).

RECITALS

WHEREAS,
Parent is a Maryland corporation operating as a real estate investment trust within the meaning, and under the provisions, of Sections
856 through 860 of the Code for U.S. federal income tax purposes;

WHEREAS,
Parent, RC Merger Sub IV, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly owned Subsidiary of Parent (Merger Sub),
and United Development Fund IV, a Maryland real estate investment trust (UDF), entered into an Agreement and Plan
of Merger, dated as of November 29, 2024 (as it may be amended or supplemented from time to time pursuant to the terms thereof, the
Merger Agreement);

WHEREAS,
pursuant to, and subject to the terms and conditions of, the Merger Agreement, the parties intended that Parent acquire UDF by means of
the merger of UDF with and into Merger Sub, pursuant to which the holders of UDFs common shares of beneficial interest will be
entitled to receive Merger Consideration (as defined in the Merger Agreement) that includes CVRs (as defined herein);

WHEREAS,
the parties intend, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, that this Agreement, together with the Merger Agreement, be, and is hereby adopted
as, part of a plan of reorganization for purposes of Sections 354, 361 and 368 of the Code and Treasury Regulations Section 1.368-2(g);
and

WHEREAS,
the parties intend to set forth the manner and basis upon which Holders (as defined herein) will hold, and potentially become entitled
to receive payments in respect of, CVRs.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the consummation of the transactions referred to above, Parent and the Rights
Agent agree, for the equal and proportionate benefit of all Holders, as follows:

1.DEFINITIONS

1.1Definitions.
Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Merger Agreement. As used
in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Acquiror
has the meaning set forth in Section 6.3.

Acting
Holder Dispute Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 2.4(b).

Acting Holders
means, at the time of determination, Holders of at least 30% of the outstanding CVRs as set forth on the CVR Register.

Advance
means, in respect of any Covered Loan, any disbursement of funds made by (or on behalf of) UDF or any of its Subsidiaries (prior to the
date hereof) or Parent or any of its Subsidiaries (on or after the date hereof) (it being understood that any interest or fees on a Covered
Loan that have been capitalized and treated as principal of such Covered Loan after
the date hereof will not be considered to have been such a disbursement of funds) in accordance with the loan agreement or other
instrument governing such Covered Loan (as such may be amended from time to time).

Advisor Litigation
Matter has the meaning set forth on Schedule A hereto.

Affiliate
of a Person means any other Person that directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is
under common control with, such Person. The term control (including the terms controlled by and under
common control with) means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management
and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.

Aggregate CVR Consideration
means, with respect to any CVR Accrual Period, an amount (expressed in Dollars) equal to the product of (i) 60% and (ii) the
Net Distributable Proceeds, if any, for such CVR Accrual Period. Under no circumstances can the Aggregate CVR Consideration for any CVR
Accrual Period be less than zero.

Assignee
has the meaning set forth in Section 6.3.

Business
Day means any day except Saturday, Sunday or any other day on which commercial banks located in New York are authorized
or required by Law to be closed for business.

Catch-Up Dividend
Amount has the meaning set forth in Section 2.5(b).

Code
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, including the rules and regulations thereunder.

Collateral Pledge
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.8(a).

Covered Loan
means a Company Loan that is listed and more particularly described in Exhibit A hereto.

Covered Portfolio
means the portfolio of Covered Loans.

CVR or
CVRs means the contingent rights of the Holders to receive, with respect to any CVR Accrual Period, shares of Parent
Common Stock (and cash in lieu of any fractional shares of Parent Common Stock and, if so elected by Parent, cash equal to any Catch-Up
Dividend Amount) pursuant to this Agreement.

CVR Accrual Period
means each of (i) the period beginning on October 1, 2024, and ending on December 31, 2025 (the Initial CVR Accrual
Period) and (ii) the three years ending December 31 subsequent to the Initial CVR Accrual Period.

CVR Consideration
means, with respect to each CVR Accrual Period, the Per CVR Consideration payable to Holders in respect of such CVR Accrual Period.

CVR Notice
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.4(b).

CVR Register
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(b).

Designation Notice
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.4(b).

Dispute Notice
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.4(b).

Dollars
or US$ means dollars in lawful currency of the United States of America.

DTC means
The Depository Trust Company or any successor thereto.

Equity
Award CVR means a CVR issued to a Holder in respect of a Company Equity Award
pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Merger Agreement.

Event of Default
has the meaning set forth in Section 5.1.

Funds
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.2(q).

Governmental Authority
means any federal, state, local or foreign government or political subdivision thereof, or any agency or instrumentality of such government
or political subdivision, or any self-regulated organization or other non-governmental regulatory authority or quasi-governmental authority
(to the extent that the rules, regulations or orders of such organization or authority have the force of Law), or any arbitrator, court
or tribunal of competent jurisdiction.

Holder
means any Person in whose name a CVR is registered in the CVR Register at the applicable time.

ICC has
the meaning set forth in Section 6.6.

Issuance Date
means the date that is the later of (i) thirty five (35) Business Days following the date of a CVR Notice or (ii) if a Dispute
Notice is delivered on a timely basis in respect of such CVR Notice, ten (10) Business Days following the date on which all disputed
items in such Dispute Notice are finally resolved pursuant to Section 6.6.

Legal Costs
has the meaning set forth on Schedule A hereto.

Listed Matter
has the meaning set forth on Schedule A hereto.

Litigation Adjustments
has the meaning set forth on Schedule A hereto.

Loss
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.2(h).

Net Distributable
Proceeds means, in respect of any CVR Accrual Period, an amount equal to the sum of (i) all Proceeds received during such
CVR Accrual Period minus (ii) the amount of any Parent Priority Proceeds for such CVR Accrual Period minus
(iii) the amount of any Litigation Adjustments for such CVR Accrual Period; provided that any Litigation Adjustments in a
CVR Accrual Period that would result in a negative Net Distributable Proceeds amount for such CVR Accrual Period shall be excluded for
purposes of such CVR Accrual Period and such excess amounts shall instead be treated as, and shall increase the amount of, Litigation
Adjustments for the immediately following CVR Accrual Period.

Officers
Certificate means a certificate signed by the chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, any vice president,
the controller, the treasurer or the secretary, in each case of Parent, in his or her capacity as such an officer, and delivered to the
Rights Agent.

Parent Common Stock
means the common stock of Parent, par value $0.0001 per share.

Parent Dispute Notice
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.4(b).

Parent Party
means each of Parent and its Subsidiaries (including, following the date hereof, the Surviving Company and its Subsidiaries).

Parent Priority
Proceeds means, in respect of any CVR Accrual Period, an amount equal to the lesser of (i) all Proceeds received during
such CVR Accrual Period and (ii) the Parent Priority Recovery Amount as of the first day of such CVR Accrual Period.

Parent Priority
Recovery Amount means, in respect of any CVR Accrual Period, the greater of (i) the sum of $ 13,291,655.72 plus
the amount of any Advances on Covered Loans after September 30, 2024 minus the cumulative amount of any Parent Priority
Proceeds received in the period between September 30, 2024 and the end of such CVR Accrual Period and (ii) zero.

Parent Share Value
means, for any Issuance Date, the most recent publicly reported tangible book value per share of Parent Common Stock immediately preceding
such Issuance Date.

Per CVR Consideration
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.4(a).

Per CVR Consideration
Amount means, for any CVR Accrual Period, an amount (expressed in Dollars) equal to the quotient (rounded to the nearest one
ten-thousandth) obtained by dividing (i) the Aggregate CVR Consideration for such CVR Accrual Period by (ii) the initial number
of CVRs.

Permitted Transfer
means a transfer of CVRs (a) upon death of a Holder by will or intestacy; (b) by instrument to an inter vivos or testamentary
trust in which the CVRs are to be passed to beneficiaries upon the death of the settlor (c) pursuant to a court order; (d) by
operation of law (including by consolidation or merger) or without consideration in connection with the dissolution, liquidation or termination
of any corporation, limited liability company, partnership or other entity; (e) in the case of CVRs held in book-entry or other similar
nominee form, from a nominee to a beneficial owner (through an intermediary if applicable) or from a nominee to another nominee for the
same beneficial owner, to the extent allowable by DTC; (f) a transfer from a participants account in a tax-qualified employee
benefit plan to the participant or to such participants account in a different tax-qualified employee benefit plan or to a tax-qualified
individual retirement account for the benefit of such participant; (g) to Parent or its Affiliates for any or no consideration; or
(h) as provided in Section 2.6.

Person
or person means an individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, Governmental
Authority, unincorporated organization, trust, association, or other entity.

Proceeds
means, in respect of any CVR Accrual Period, an amount (expressed in Dollars) equal to the sum, without duplication, of (i) all cash
proceeds received by the UDF or its Subsidiaries or a Parent Party during such CVR Accrual Period in respect of any Covered Loan (whether
designated as principal, interest or fees, and whether received from the borrower thereunder or any other Person, including upon the disposal
(whether by sale, transfer, assignment, participation or otherwise) thereof, but excluding any amounts received by a Parent Party with
respect to borrower deposits that are not freely usable by Parent Party), less (ii) any third-party out-of-pocket expenses
reasonably incurred by any Parent Party in connection therewith (but excluding any fees or expenses payable by any Parent Party related
to management or similar advisory services provided to the Parent Parties).

Rights Agent
means the Rights Agent named in the first paragraph of this Agreement, until a successor Rights Agent becomes such pursuant to the applicable
provisions of this Agreement, and thereafter Rights Agent shall mean such successor Rights Agent.

Rules
has the meaning set forth in Section 6.6.

Subsidiary
means any corporation, partnership, trust, limited liability company or other non-corporate business enterprise in which the applicable
Person holds, directly or indirectly, stock or other equity ownership interests representing more than 50% of the voting power of all
outstanding stock or equity ownership interests of such entity.

Tax or
Taxes means any and all U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. taxes, assessments, levies, duties, tariffs, imposts
and other similar charges and fees imposed by any Governmental Authority, including income, franchise, windfall or other profits, gross
receipts, property, sales, use, net worth, capital stock, payroll, employment, social security, workers compensation, unemployment
compensation, excise, withholding, ad valorem, stamp, transfer, value-added, occupation, environmental, disability, real property, personal
property, registration, alternative or add-on minimum or estimated tax, or unclaimed property (regardless of whether denominated under
applicable Law), including any interest, penalty, additions to tax or additional amounts imposed with respect thereto, whether disputed
or not.

1.2Rules of
Construction. For purposes of this Agreement, the parties hereto agree that: (a) whenever the context requires, the singular
number shall include the plural, and vice versa; (b) the masculine gender shall include the feminine and neuter genders; the feminine
gender shall include the masculine and neuter genders; and the neuter gender shall include masculine and feminine genders; (c) the
word extent in the phrase to the extent means the degree to which a subject or other thing extends, and does
not simply mean if; (d) the words include and including, and variations thereof, shall
not be deemed to be terms of limitation, but rather shall be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation; (e) the
meaning assigned to each capitalized term defined and used in this Agreement is equally applicable to both the singular and the plural
forms of such term, and words denoting any gender include all genders; (f) where a word or phrase is defined in this Agreement, each
of its other grammatical forms has a corresponding meaning unless the context otherwise requires; (g) a reference to any specific
Law or to any provision of any Law includes any amendment to, and any modification, re-enactment or successor thereof, any legislative
provision substituted therefor and all rules, regulations and statutory instruments issued thereunder or pursuant thereto; (h) references
to any agreement or Contract are to that agreement or Contract as amended, modified or supplemented; (i) they have been represented
by legal counsel during the negotiation and execution and delivery of this Agreement and therefore waive the application of any Law, holding
or rule of construction providing that ambiguities in an agreement or other document will be construed against the party drafting
such agreement or document; and (j) the word or shall not be exclusive (i.e., or shall be deemed to mean
and/or) unless the subjects of the conjunction are mutually exclusive. The headings contained in this Agreement are for
convenience of reference only, shall not be deemed to be a part of this Agreement and shall not be referred to in connection with the
construction or interpretation of this Agreement.

2.CONTINGENT
VALUE RIGHTS

2.1CVRs.
The CVRs represent the contingent rights of Holders to receive CVR Consideration, in each case pursuant to, on the terms provided in,
and in accordance with, this Agreement.

2.2Initial
Holders; CVRs Non-Transferable.

(a)The
initial Holders shall be determined pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement. Parent shall
furnish or cause to be furnished to the Rights Agent in such form as Parent receives from UDFs transfer agent (or other agent performing
similar services for UDF), the names and addresses of the initial Holders within thirty (30) Business Days of the Effective Time. The
CVR Register initially will show one CVR position for Cede & Co representing all CVRs issued in respect of the Company Common
Shares held by DTC on behalf of the street holders of the Company Common Shares as of immediately prior to the Effective Time. The Rights
Agent will have no responsibility whatsoever directly to the street holders or DTC participants with respect to transfers of CVRs unless
and until such CVRs are transferred into the name of such street holders or DTC participants in accordance with Section 2.3
of this Agreement. With respect to any payments of CVR Consideration to be made under Section 2.4 below or any other provision
of this Agreement, the Rights Agent will accomplish the distribution of such CVR Consideration to any street holders of CVRs by making
a single distribution to DTC. The Rights Agent will have no responsibilities whatsoever with regards to distribution of CVR Consideration
by DTC to such street holders or DTC participants. In the case of Equity Award CVRs, such CVRs shall initially be registered in the name
and address of the holder thereof as set forth in the records of UDF at the Effective Time and in a denomination determined pursuant to
the terms of the Merger Agreement and the terms of such Company Equity Award.

(b)The
CVRs may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, encumbered or in any other manner transferred or disposed of, in whole or in part,
other than through a Permitted Transfer. Any such sale, assignment, transfer, pledge, encumbrance or disposal that is not a Permitted
Transfer shall be void ab initio and of no effect.

2.3Registration;
Registration of Transfer; Change of Address.

(a)The
CVRs shall be recorded on the CVR Register in book-entry form. No Holder shall be entitled to any certificates evidencing any CVRs.

(b)Subject
to the receipt by the Rights Agent of the information described in Section 2.2(a), the Rights Agent shall keep a register (the CVR
Register) for the purpose of (i) identifying the Holders of CVRs and (ii) registering CVRs and Permitted Transfers
thereof.

(c)Subject
to the restrictions on transferability set forth in Section 2.2, every request made to transfer a CVR must be in writing and
accompanied by a written instrument of transfer and other documentation reasonably requested by the Rights Agent in form reasonably satisfactory
to the Rights Agent pursuant to its guidelines, which may include, if applicable, a guaranty of signature by an eligible guarantor
institution that is a member or participant in the Securities Transfer Agents Medallion Program (a Medallion Guarantee),
duly executed by the Holder thereof, the Holders attorney duly authorized in writing, the Holders personal representative
or the Holders survivor, as applicable, and setting forth in reasonable detail the circumstances relating to the transfer. Upon
receipt of such written notice, the Rights Agent shall, subject to its reasonable determination that the transfer instrument is in proper
form, notify Parent that it has received such written notice. Upon receipt of such notice from the Rights Agent, Parent shall determine
whether the transfer otherwise complies with the other terms and conditions of this Agreement (including the provisions of Section 2.2),
and if the Parent so reasonably determines that it does so comply, Parent shall instruct the Rights Agent in writing to register the transfer
of the CVRs in the CVR Register and notify Parent of the same. No service charge shall be made for any registration of transfer of a CVR,
but Parent and the Rights Agent may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp or other Tax or charge that is imposed in connection
with any such registration of transfer. The Rights Agent shall have no duty or obligation to take any action under any section of this
Agreement that requires the payment by a Holder of a CVR of applicable Taxes or charges unless and until the Rights Agent is reasonably
satisfied that all such Taxes or charges have been paid. All duly transferred CVRs registered in the CVR Register shall be the valid obligations
of Parent, and shall entitle the transferee to the same benefits and rights under this Agreement as those held immediately prior to the
transfer by the transferor. No transfer of a CVR shall be valid unless and until registered in the CVR Register in accordance with this
Agreement.

(d)A
Holder may make a written request to the Rights Agent to change such Holders address of record in the CVR Register. The written
request must be duly executed by the Holder. Upon receipt of such written request, the Rights Agent is hereby authorized to, and shall
promptly, record the change of address in the CVR Register.

2.4CVR
Consideration.

(a)If
the Aggregate Consideration Amount for a CVR Accrual Period is greater than zero, then, on the Issuance Date for such CVR Accrual Period,
Parent will issue and deliver to the Holders, in respect of each outstanding CVR, a number of shares of Parent Common Stock equal to the
quotient (rounded to the nearest one ten-thousandth) equal to (i) the Per CVR Consideration Amount divided by (ii) the Parent
Share Value (together with any additional shares of Parent Common Stock or cash to be paid pursuant to Section 2.5(b) and
any cash being paid in lieu of a fractional share, the Per CVR Consideration). No fractional shares of Parent Common
Stock shall be issued in respect of any CVRs, and any Holder that is entitled to receive a fraction of a share of Parent Common Stock
(taking into account all CVRs held by such Holder) shall instead receive cash with respect to any fractional share of Parent Common Stock
in an amount equal to the product of (x) such fractional part of a share of Parent Common Stock multiplied by (y) the average
of the volume weighted average prices of one share of Parent Common Stock for the five (5) consecutive trading days immediately prior
to the Issuance Date. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Aggregate Consideration Amount for any CVR Accrual Period is less than or equal
to $0, then Parent shall have no obligation to issue or deliver any CVR Consideration in respect of such CVR Accrual Period.

(b)Not
later than twenty (20) Business Days following the end of each CVR Accrual Period, Parent shall deliver to the Rights Agent a written
notice (the CVR Notice) setting forth a computation of the Aggregate CVR Consideration and, if the Aggregate CVR
Consideration is greater than $0, computations of the Per CVR Consideration Amount and the Per CVR Consideration, in substantially the
form attached hereto as Exhibit B, together with an Officers Certificate certifying such computations. The Rights Agent
shall promptly, and in any event within five (5) Business Days of receipt of a CVR Notice, send each Holder at its registered address
a copy of such CVR Notice.

(c)Within
thirty (30) Business Days of the delivery of the CVR Notice, the Acting Holders may deliver to Parent (with a copy to the Rights Agent)
a written notice (a Dispute Notice) stating that the Acting Holders dispute the accuracy of the CVR Notice, setting
forth the basis for such dispute and, in reasonable detail, those items and amounts as to which the Acting Holders disagree, and the Acting
Holders shall be deemed to have agreed with all other items and amounts contained in the CVR Notice. Within five (5) days after receipt
of a Dispute Notice, (i) Parent and the Acting Holders shall jointly designate a nationally recognized independent valuation expert
to make a binding determination only as to the matters in dispute as specified in the Dispute Notice and if such parties fail to make
a designation, jointly by an independent valuation expert selected by Parent and an independent valuation expert selected by the Acting
Holder (the Valuation Expert) and (ii) Parent shall give written notice of such designation to the Rights Agent.
The Valuation Expert will, under the terms of its engagement, as an expert and not an arbitrator, be required to render its written decision
with respect to such disputed items and amounts within twenty (20) Business Days from the date of such appointment. The Valuation Expert
shall deliver to Parent, the Acting Holders and the Rights Agent a written report setting forth its adjustments, if any, to the CVR Notice
based on the Valuation Experts determination, solely with respect to the disputed items and amounts in accordance with this Agreement,
and such report shall include the calculations supporting such adjustments; provided, that for each item set forth in the Dispute
Notice, the Valuation Expert shall assign a value for each such item no greater than the higher amount, and no less than the lower amount,
calculated or set forth in the CVR Notice or the Dispute Notice with respect to such item, as the case may be. The Valuation Expert shall
have no power to amend or supplement the terms of this Agreement or the Merger Agreement or act ex aequo et bono. The Valuation
Experts report shall be final, conclusive, and binding on the parties hereto and the Holders, shall not be subject to further review
by any court, and no party or Holder nor any of their respective Affiliates or Representatives may seek recourse to any courts, other
tribunals or otherwise, other than to enforce the determination of the Valuation Expert. The fees and expenses of the Valuation Expert
for purposes of this Section 2.4(b) shall be borne solely by Parent.

(d)In
the event that the Acting Holders do not deliver a Dispute Notice to Parent during such thirty (30) Business Day period, the Holders shall
be deemed to have accepted the accuracy of the CVR Notice, and the calculations of the CVR Consideration (if any) set forth therein shall
be final, conclusive and binding upon the parties and the Holders.

(e)On
the Issuance Date, Parent shall deliver to the Rights Agent the CVR Consideration (other than CVR Consideration payable in respect of
Company Equity Awards), along with any letters of instruction reasonably required by the Rights Agent. The Rights Agent shall promptly,
and in any event within ten (10) Business Days of receipt of the CVR Consideration, subsequently deliver the CVR Consideration to
the applicable Holders at their respective registered addresses in accordance with this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with
respect to any CVR Consideration that is payable in respect of Equity Award CVRs, Parent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable following
the payment date applicable under this Section 2.4(e) (but in any event no later than March 15 of the calendar year
following the calendar year in which the applicable CVR Accrual Period concluded), or shall cause an Affiliate thereof (including the
Surviving Company) to, pay such amount, through Parents or such Affiliates payroll system, or, if applicable, issue the
number of shares of Parent Common Stock for distribution by the Rights Agent, in either case, as described in this Section 2.4,
to the applicable holders of Equity Award CVRs.

(f) Each
of Parent and the Rights Agent shall be entitled to deduct or withhold, or cause to be deducted or withheld, from any payments made pursuant
to this Agreement such amounts as are required to be deducted or withheld therefrom under the Code, the U.S. Treasury Regulations thereunder,
or any other applicable Tax law, as may be reasonably determined by Parent (or the Surviving Company or an applicable successor in the
case of payments in respect of Equity Award CVRs) or the Rights Agent, as applicable. Prior to making any Tax withholdings or causing
any Tax withholdings to be made with respect to any Holder (other than amounts due to Holders in respect of Equity Award CVRs), the Rights
Agent shall (if directed by the Parent) use commercially reasonable efforts to solicit from such Holder an IRS Form W-9 or other
applicable Tax form in order to provide a reasonable opportunity for the Holder to provide such Tax forms to avoid or reduce such withholding
amounts, and delivery of CVR Consideration to such Holder may be reasonably delayed in order to gather such necessary Tax forms. The Rights
Agent shall, if timely instructed by the Parent, promptly and timely remit, or cause to be remitted, any amounts it withholds in respect
of Taxes to the appropriate Governmental Authority. To the extent any amounts are deducted or withheld and properly and timely remitted
to the appropriate Governmental Authority, such amounts shall be treated for all purposes under this Agreement and the Merger Agreement
as having been paid to the Holder to whom such amounts would otherwise have been paid, and, to the extent required by applicable Law,
Parent shall deliver (or shall cause the Rights Agent to deliver) to the Holder to whom such amounts would otherwise have been paid an
Internal Revenue Service Form 1099, an Internal Revenue Service Form W-2 or other reasonably acceptable evidence of such withholding.
In the event any such deduction and withholding are required to be made in respect of any Parent Common Stock includible in any CVR Consideration
to be received by any Holder in respect of Equity Award CVRs, Parent (or the Surviving Company or an applicable successor) may satisfy
such deduction and withholding by reducing the number of shares of Parent Common Stock to which such Holder otherwise would be entitled
under this Agreement by a number of shares equal to (x) the dollar amount of such deduction and withholding divided by (y) the
Parent Share Value. To the extent any amounts are so deducted and withheld in accordance with the previous sentence, such amounts shall
be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to the Person in respect of whom such deduction and withholding was
made, and Parent shall use commercially reasonable efforts to, or shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Rights Agent
to, take all commercially reasonable actions that may be necessary to ensure that any amounts so withheld in respect of Taxes are timely
remitted to the appropriate Governmental Entity. All amounts paid in respect of each Equity Award CVR under this Agreement shall be treated
for all U.S. federal and applicable state and local income Tax purposes as wages in the year in which the applicable payment is made (and
not upon the receipt of such Equity Award CVR). With respect to any such Tax withholdings on payments of such Equity Award CVRs, any such
withholding shall be made, or caused to be made, by Parent through Parents, the Surviving Companys or its applicable Affiliates
payroll system.

(g)If
any CVR Consideration delivered to the Rights Agent for payment to Holders remains undistributed to any Holders on the date that is six
(6) months after the Issuance Date, Parent shall be entitled to require the Rights Agent to deliver to Parent or its designee any
CVR Consideration which had been made available to the Rights Agent and not disbursed to the Holders (including, all interest and other
income received by the Rights Agent in respect of all funds made available to it), and, thereafter, such Holders shall be entitled to
payment from Parent (subject to abandoned property, escheat and other similar Law and Section 2.4(f)) as general creditors
thereof with respect to the CVR Consideration that may be payable.

(h)Neither
Parent, the Rights Agent nor any of their Affiliates shall be liable to any Holder for any CVR Consideration delivered to a public official
pursuant to any abandoned property, escheat or other similar Law. If, despite Parents and/or the Rights Agents commercially
reasonable efforts to deliver any CVR Consideration to the applicable Holder, such CVR Consideration has not been paid prior to two (2) years
after the Issuance Date (or immediately prior to such earlier date on which such CVR Consideration would otherwise escheat to or become
the property of any Governmental Authority), such CVR Consideration will, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, become the property
of Parent, free and clear of all claims or interest of any Person previously entitled thereto. In addition to and not in limitation of
any other indemnity obligation herein, Parent agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Rights Agent with respect to any liability, penalty,
cost or expense the Rights Agent may incur or be subject to in connection with transferring such property to Parent or a public office.

(i) The
parties intend to treat the CVR Consideration for all U.S. federal and applicable state and local income Tax purposes as additional Merger
Consideration paid at the Effective Time pursuant to the Merger Agreement and pursuant to a plan of reorganization for purposes
of Sections 354, 361 and 368 of the Code and Treasury Regulations Section 1.368-2(g).

(j) The
parties intend that each Equity Award CVR is exempt from or in compliance with Section 409A of the Code, and this Agreement shall
be interpreted and administered in accordance therewith. None of the parties to this Agreement nor any of their employees, directors or
representatives shall have any liability to a Holder or transferee or other Person in respect of Section 409A of the Code. Each payment
of CVR Consideration is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2). The
parties hereby acknowledge and agree that any CVR Consideration paid out beyond the fifth (5th) anniversary of the Closing Date shall
be paid only if such CVR Consideration is subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture under Section 409A of the Code and shall constitute
short-term deferrals within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(b)(4).

(k)The
CVR Consideration shall be equitably adjusted to reflect the effect of any stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend (including
any dividend or other distribution of securities convertible into Parent Common Stock, as applicable), subdivision, reorganization, reclassification,
recapitalization, combination, exchange of equity interests or other like change with respect to the number of shares of Parent Common
Stock outstanding after delivery of the CVR Notice and prior to the relevant Issuance Date.

2.5No
Voting, Dividends or Interest; No Equity or Ownership Interest.

(a)The
CVRs shall not represent any equity or ownership interest in Parent or in the Surviving Company or any other constituent company in the
Merger or any of their respective Subsidiaries or Affiliates. The CVRs shall not have any voting, dividend or distribution rights, and
interest shall not accrue on any amounts payable on or in respect of the CVRs to any Holder.

(b)Notwithstanding
the provisions of Section 2.5(a), as a component of the CVR Consideration to which such Holder is entitled to receive, a Holder
shall be entitled to receive, without interest, (i) an amount in cash equal to the amount of any dividends or other distributions
paid with respect to the shares of Parent Common Stock represented by the number of whole shares of Parent Common Stock received by such
Holder in respect of such Holders Per CVR Consideration Amount and having a record date on or after the Effective Time and a payment
date prior to the relevant Issuance Date (the Catch-up Dividend Amount) or (ii) at Parents sole election
(which election shall be made separately for each CVR Accrual Period), (x) a number of shares of Parent Common Stock equal to the
quotient (rounded to the nearest one ten-thousandth) obtained by dividing (A) the Catch-Up Dividend Amount by (B) the Parent
Share Value (with cash being paid in lieu of any fractional shares of Parent Common Stock in an amount equal to the product of (I) such
fractional part of a share of Parent Common Stock multiplied by (II) the average of the volume weighted average prices of one share
of Parent Common Stock for the five (5) consecutive trading days immediately prior to the Issuance Date) and (y) at the appropriate
payment date or as promptly as practicable thereafter, the amount of any dividends or other distributions payable with respect to such
shares of Parent Common Stock and having a record date prior to the Issuance Date and a payment date on or after the relevant Issuance
Date.

2.6Ability
to Abandon CVR. A Holder may at any time, at such Holders option, abandon any or all of such Holders remaining rights
in a CVR by transferring such CVR to Parent or any of its Affiliates without consideration therefor. Nothing in this Agreement shall
prohibit Parent or any of its Affiliates from offering to acquire or acquiring any CVRs for consideration from the Holders, in private
transactions or otherwise, in their sole discretion. Parent shall promptly notify Rights Agent of any CVRs acquired by Parent or any
of its Affiliates, and each such acquired CVRs shall be automatically deemed extinguished and no longer outstanding for purposes of the
definition of Acting Holders.

2.7Books
and Records; Segregation of Covered Portfolio; Quarterly Reporting.

(a)Parent
shall, and shall cause its Affiliates to, keep true, complete and accurate records in sufficient detail with respect to the Covered Portfolio
to enable the Rights Agent and the Acting Holders and their consultants and professional advisors to confirm the applicable CVR Consideration
payable to each Holder hereunder in accordance with the terms specified in this Agreement.

(b)Parent
shall use commercially reasonable efforts to avoid commingling the Covered Portfolio with other assets of Parent and its Subsidiaries
that are not part of the Covered Portfolio, including holding the Covered Portfolio in separate subsidiaries from those that hold assets
that are not part of the Covered Portfolio; provided, that Parent shall have the flexibility to make such adjustments as it believes
are required to maintain its qualification as a REIT or to preserve any exemption under the Investment Company Act of 1940.

(c)Within
forty-five (45) days after the end of each calendar quarter ending after the date of this Agreement and before the end of each CVR Accrual
Period, Parent shall prepare and deliver to the Rights Agent a written report, in such form as Parent shall determine, summarizing the
performance of, and significant activity in, the Covered Portfolio during such calendar quarter; provided, that such report shall
be provided for information purposes only, and shall have no bearing on the determination of, and may not be used as a basis for determining,
the amount of CVR Consideration.

2.8Certain
Actions.

(a)Covered
Portfolio. Commencing upon the Effective Time and continuing until the termination of this Agreement, (i) neither Parent nor
any of its Affiliates shall take any action that is intended primarily to reduce the amount of any CVR Consideration or restrict Parents
ability to issue or pay any of the CVR Consideration hereunder, and (ii) Parent shall use, and shall cause its Affiliates to use,
commercially reasonable efforts to realize Proceeds from the Covered Portfolio; provided, that nothing in this Section 2.8(a) shall
require Parent or any of its Affiliates to take or refrain from taking, or prohibit Parent or any of its Affiliates from taking or refraining
from taking, any of the following actions: (x) liquidating or disposing of a Covered Loan or any interests therein; (y) negotiating
with borrowers or other counterparties with respect to any matters relating to any Covered Loan or related collateral pledges thereto
(the Collateral Pledges), including agreeing or failing to agree to compromise or amend the terms of, or effect a
discounted payoff of, any Covered Loan or release of any Collateral Pledge; or (z) initiating or maintaining any Action seeking collection
of, or any other remedies relating to, any Covered Loan or Collateral Pledge.

(b)Listed
Matters. Parent shall be entitled to fully control the management and disposition of any Listed Matters from and after the Effective
Time solely with respect to any Parent Party (but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any Indemnified Person, any Trustee Indemnitee
and the Company Advisor), including with respect to the defense, negotiation or settlement thereof, and all decisions relating thereto.

3.THE
RIGHTS AGENT

3.1Certain
Duties and Responsibilities. The Rights Agent shall not have any liability for any actions taken, suffered or omitted to be taken
in connection with this Agreement, except to the extent of its fraud, gross negligence, bad faith or willful or intentional misconduct
(each as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction).

3.2Certain
Rights of the Rights Agent. Parent hereby appoints the Rights Agent to act as rights agent for Parent in accordance with the express
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, and the Rights Agent hereby accepts such appointment. The Rights Agent shall act hereunder
solely as agent for Parent and shall not assume any obligations or relationship of agency or trust with any of the Holders. The Rights
Agent shall not have any duty or responsibility in the case of the receipt of any written demand from any Holders with respect to any
action, default or Event of Default by Parent, including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any duty or responsibility
to initiate or attempt to initiate any proceedings at law or otherwise or to make any demand upon Parent. The Rights Agent undertakes
to perform such duties and only such duties as are specifically set forth in this Agreement, and no implied covenants or obligations
shall be read into this Agreement against the Rights Agent. In addition:

(a)the
Rights Agent may rely and shall be protected and held harmless by Parent in acting or refraining from acting upon any resolution, certificate,
statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, direction, consent, order or other paper or document believed by it in the absence
of bad faith to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper party or parties;

(b)whenever
the Rights Agent shall deem it desirable that a matter be proved or established prior to taking, suffering or omitting any action hereunder,
the Rights Agent may rely upon an Officers Certificate, which certificate shall be full authorization and protection to the Rights
Agent, and the Rights Agent shall, in the absence of fraud, gross negligence, bad faith or willful or intentional misconduct on its part
(each as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction), incur no liability and be held harmless
by Parent for or in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted to be taken by it under the provisions of this Agreement in reliance
upon such certificate;

(c)the
Rights Agent may engage and consult with counsel of its selection and the advice of such counsel or any opinion of counsel shall be full
and complete authorization and protection of the Rights Agent, and the Rights Agent shall be held harmless by Parent in respect of any
action taken, suffered or omitted by it hereunder in the absence of bad faith and in reliance thereon;

(d)the
permissive rights of the Rights Agent to do things enumerated in this Agreement shall not be construed as a duty;

(e)the
Rights Agent shall not be required to give any note or surety in respect of the execution of such powers or otherwise in respect of the
premises;

(f)the
Rights Agent shall not be liable for or by reason of, and shall be held harmless by Parent with respect to any of the statements of fact
or recitals contained in this Agreement or be required to verify the same, but all such statements and recitals are and shall be deemed
to have been made by Parent only;

(g)the
Rights Agent shall have no liability and shall be held harmless by Parent in respect of the validity of this Agreement or the execution
and delivery hereof (except the due execution and delivery hereof by the Rights Agent and the enforceability of this Agreement against
the Rights Agent assuming the due execution and delivery hereof by Parent); nor shall it be responsible for any breach by Parent of any
covenant or condition contained in this Agreement;

(h)Parent
agrees to indemnify the Rights Agent for, and hold the Rights Agent harmless from and against, any loss, liability, claim, demands, damage,
suits, judgment, fine, penalty or expense (including the reasonable expenses and counsel fees and other disbursements) (each, a Loss)
arising out of or in connection with the execution, acceptance, administration, exercise and performance by the Rights Agent of its duties
hereunder, including the reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses of defending Rights Agent against any Loss, unless such Loss has
been determined by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction to be a result of Rights Agents fraud,
gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct. The reasonable costs and expenses incurred by the Rights Agent in enforcing this right
of indemnification shall be paid by Parent;

(i)Parent
agrees (i) to pay the fees and expenses of the Rights Agent in connection with this Agreement as agreed upon in writing by the Rights
Agent and Parent on or prior to the date hereof, and (ii) without limiting the foregoing (i), (x) to reimburse the Rights Agent
for all Taxes and governmental charges, reasonable documented out-of-pocket expenses and other charges of any kind and nature incurred
by the Rights Agent in the execution of this Agreement (other than Taxes imposed on or measured by the Rights Agents net income
and franchise or similar Taxes imposed on it (in lieu of net income Taxes)), and to (y) reimburse the Rights Agent for all reasonable
and necessary out-of-pocket expenses (including legal expenses) paid or incurred by it in connection with the administration by the Rights
Agent of its duties hereunder;

(j)no
provision of this Agreement shall require the Rights Agent to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability
in the performance of any of its duties hereunder or in the exercise of its rights if there shall be reasonable grounds for believing
that repayment of such funds or adequate indemnification against such risk or liability is not reasonably assured to it;

(k)notwithstanding
anything in this Agreement to the contrary, (i) the Rights Agent shall not be liable for special, punitive, indirect, incidental
or consequential loss or damages of any kind whatsoever (including, without limitation, lost profits), even if the Rights Agent has been
advised of the likelihood of such loss or damages, and regardless of the form of action, and (ii) any liability of the Rights Agent
under this Agreement, whether in contract, or in tort, or otherwise, will be limited to the aggregate amount of fees (but not reimbursed
expenses) paid or payable by Parent to the Rights Agent during the twelve (12) months immediately preceding the event for which recovery
from the Rights Agent is being sought;

(l)the
Rights Agent will not be deemed to have knowledge of any event of which it was supposed to receive notice hereunder but has not received
written notice of such event, and the Rights Agent will not incur any liability for failing to take action in connection therewith, in
each case, unless and until it has received such notice in writing in accordance with Section 6.1;

(m)in
the event the Rights Agent reasonably believes any ambiguity or uncertainty exists hereunder or in any notice, instruction, direction,
request or other communication, paper or document received by the Rights Agent hereunder, the Rights Agent shall, as soon as practicable,
provide notice to Parent, and the Rights Agent, may, in its sole discretion, refrain from taking any action, and shall be fully protected
and shall not be liable in any way to Parent or any Holder or any other Person for refraining from taking such action, unless the Rights
Agent receives written instructions from Parent or such Holder or other Person which eliminate such ambiguity or uncertainty to the reasonable
satisfaction of the Rights Agent;

(n)the
Rights Agent may execute and exercise any of the rights or powers hereby vested in it or perform any duty hereunder either itself or by
or through its attorney or agents and the Rights Agent shall not be answerable or accountable for any act, default, neglect or misconduct
of any such attorney or agents or for any loss to Parent resulting from any such act, default, neglect or misconduct, absent willful misconduct,
bad faith or gross negligence (each as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction) in the selection
and continued employment thereof;

(o)the
Rights Agent may rely on and be fully authorized and protected in acting or failing to act upon (i) any guaranty of signature by
an eligible guarantor institution that is a member or participant in the Securities Transfer Agents Medallion Program or
other comparable signature guarantee program or insurance program in addition to, or in substitution for, the foregoing;
or (ii) any law, act, regulation or any interpretation of the same even though such law, act, or regulation may thereafter have been
altered, changed, amended or repealed;

(p)unless
otherwise specifically prohibited by the terms of this Agreement, the Rights Agent and any stockholder, affiliate, member, director, officer,
agent, representative or employee of the Rights Agent may buy, sell or deal in any of the securities of Parent or become pecuniarily interested
in any transaction in which Parent may be interested, or contract with or lend money to Parent or otherwise act as fully and freely as
though it were not the Rights Agent under this Agreement. Nothing herein shall preclude the Rights Agent or any such stockholder, affiliate,
director, member, officer, agent, representative or employee from acting in any other capacity for Parent or for any other Person;

(q)the
obligations of Parent and the rights of the Rights Agent under this Section 3.2, Section 3.1, and Section 2.4(h) shall
survive the expiration of the CVRs and the termination of this Agreement and the resignation, replacement or removal of the Rights Agent;
and

(r)All
funds received by the Rights Agent under this Agreement that are to be distributed or applied by the Rights Agent in the performance of
services hereunder (the Funds) shall be held by Computershare as agent for Parent and deposited in one or more bank
accounts to be maintained by Computershare in its name as agent for Parent. Until paid pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, Computershare
will hold the Funds through such accounts in: (a) funds backed by obligations of, or guaranteed by, the United States of America;
(b) debt or commercial paper obligations rated A-1 or P-1 or better by S&P Global Inc. (S&P) or Moody's Investors
Service, Inc. (Moodys), respectively; (c) Government and Treasury backed AAA-rated Fixed NAV money market
funds that comply with Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; or (d) short term certificates of deposit,
bank repurchase agreements, and bank accounts with commercial banks with Tier 1 capital exceeding $1 billion, or with an investment grade
rating by S&P (LT Local Issuer Credit Rating), Moodys (Long Term Rating) and Fitch Ratings, Inc. (LT Issuer Default Rating)
(each as reported by Bloomberg Finance L.P.). The Rights Agent shall have no responsibility or liability for any diminution of the Funds
that may result from any deposit made by the Rights Agent in accordance with this paragraph, including any losses resulting from a default
by any bank, financial institution or other third party. The Rights Agent may from time to time receive interest, dividends or other earnings
in connection with such deposits. The Rights Agent shall not be obligated to pay such interest, dividends or earnings to Parent, any holder
or any other party.

3.3Resignation
and Removal; Appointment of Successor.

(a)The
Rights Agent may resign at any time by giving written notice thereof to Parent specifying a date when such resignation shall take effect,
which notice shall be sent at least thirty (30) days prior to the date so specified, and such resignation will be effective on the date
so specified. Parent has the right to remove the Rights Agent at any time by specifying a date when such removal shall take effect but
no such removal shall become effective until a successor Rights Agent has been appointed and accepted such appointment in accordance with
Section 3.4. Notice of such removal shall be given by Parent to the Rights Agent, which notice shall be sent at least thirty
(30) days prior to the date so specified.

(b)Any
Person into which the Rights Agent or any successor Rights Agent may be merged or with which it may be consolidated, or any Person resulting
from any merger or consolidation to which the Rights Agent or any successor Rights Agent shall be a party, or any Person succeeding to
the stock transfer or other stockholder services business of the Rights Agent or any successor Rights Agent, shall be the successor to
the Rights Agent under this Agreement without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of any of the parties
hereto. The purchase of all or substantially all of the Rights Agents assets employed in the performance of the transfer agent
activities shall be deemed a merger or consolidation for purposes of this Section 3.3(b). If the Rights Agent provides notice
of its intent to resign, is removed or becomes incapable of acting, Parent shall, as soon as is reasonably practicable, appoint a qualified
successor Rights Agent who shall be a stock transfer agent of national reputation or the corporate trust department of a commercial bank.
The successor Rights Agent so appointed shall, forthwith upon its acceptance of such appointment in accordance with Section 3.4,
become the successor Rights Agent.

(c)Parent
shall give notice of each resignation and each removal of a Rights Agent and each appointment of a successor Rights Agent by mailing written
notice of such event by first-class mail to the Holders as their names and addresses appear in the CVR Register. Each notice shall include
the name and address of the successor Rights Agent. If Parent fails to send such notice within ten (10) Business Days after acceptance
of appointment by a successor Rights Agent, the successor Rights Agent shall cause the notice to be mailed at the expense of Parent. Failure
to give any notice provided for in this Section 3.3, however, shall not affect the legality or validity of the resignation
or removal of the Rights Agent or the appointment of the successor Rights Agent, as the case may be.

3.4Acceptance
of Appointment by Successor. Every successor Rights Agent appointed hereunder shall execute, acknowledge and deliver to Parent and
to the retiring Rights Agent an instrument accepting such appointment and a counterpart of this Agreement, and thereupon such successor
Rights Agent, without any further act, deed or conveyance, shall become vested with all the rights, powers, trusts and duties of the
retiring Rights Agent. On request of Parent or the successor Rights Agent, the retiring Rights Agent shall execute and deliver an instrument
transferring to the successor Rights Agent all the rights, powers, trusts and duties of the retiring Rights Agent, except such rights
which survive its resignation or removal under the terms hereunder.

4.AMENDMENT

4.1Amendments
without Consent of Holders.

(a)Without
the consent of any of the Holders, the Rights Agent and Parent, at any time and from time to time, may enter into one or more amendments
hereto for any of the following purposes:

(i)to
evidence the succession of another Person as a successor Rights Agent and the assumption by any such successor of the covenants and obligations
of the Rights Agent herein;

(ii)to
add to the covenants of Parent such further covenants, restrictions, conditions or provisions as Parent shall consider to be for the protection
of the Holders; provided that, in each case, such provisions do not adversely affect the interests of the Holders;

(iii)to
cure any ambiguity, to correct or supplement any provision herein that may be defective or inconsistent with any other provision herein
or in the Merger Agreement, or to make any other provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under this Agreement; provided
that, in each case, such provisions do not adversely affect the interests of the Holders;

(iv)as
may be necessary or appropriate to ensure that the CVRs are not subject to registration under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or
any applicable state securities or blue sky laws and to ensure that the CVRs are not subject to any similar registration
or prospectus requirement under applicable securities laws outside the United States;

(v)to
evidence the assignment of this Agreement by Parent as provided in Section 6.3; or

(vi)any
other amendments hereto for the purpose of adding, eliminating or changing any provisions of this Agreement, unless such addition, elimination
or change is adverse to the interests of the Holders.

(b)Without
the consent of any Holder (other than the Holder of interests affected by this Section 4.1(b)), Parent and the Rights Agent,
at any time and from time to time, may enter into one or more amendments thereto to reduce the number of CVRs, to the extent that any
Holder agrees to renounce such Holders rights under this Agreement in accordance with Section 6.4 or to transfer CVRs
to Parent pursuant to Section 2.6.

(c)Promptly
after the execution by Parent and the Rights Agent of any amendment pursuant to the provisions of this Section 4.1, Parent
shall mail (or cause the Rights Agent to mail) a notice thereof by first class mail to the Holders at their addresses as they appear on
the CVR Register, setting forth such amendment.

4.2Amendments
with Consent of Holders.

(a)Subject
to Section 4.1 (which amendments pursuant to Section 4.1 may be made without the consent of any of the Holders),
with the written consent of the Holders of at least 50% of the outstanding CVRs, Parent and the Rights Agent may enter into one or more
amendments hereto for the purpose of adding, eliminating or changing any provisions of this Agreement, even if such addition, elimination
or change is materially adverse to the interest of the Holders.

(b)Promptly
after the execution by Parent and the Rights Agent of any amendment pursuant to the provisions of this Section 4.2, Parent
shall mail (or cause the Rights Agent to mail) a notice thereof by first class mail to the Holders at their addresses as they appear on
the CVR Register, setting forth such amendment.

4.3Execution
of Amendments. Prior to executing any amendment permitted by this Section 4, the Rights Agent shall be entitled to receive,
and shall be fully protected in relying upon, an opinion of counsel selected by Parent (and at Parents sole expense) stating that
the execution of such amendment is authorized or permitted by this Agreement. The Rights Agent may, but is not obligated to, enter into
any such amendment that affects the Rights Agents own rights, powers, obligations, protections, immunities, trusts or duties under
this Agreement or otherwise, and the Rights Agent shall not be bound by amendments not executed by it.

4.4Effect
of Amendments. Upon the execution of any amendment under this Section 4, this Agreement shall be modified in accordance
therewith, such amendment shall form a part of this Agreement for all purposes and every Holder shall be bound thereby.

5.REMEDIES
OF THE HOLDERS

5.1Event
of Default.

(a)Event
of Default with respect to the CVRs, means any material default in the performance, or breach in any material respect, of any
covenant or warranty of Parent hereunder (other than a default in whose performance or whose breach is elsewhere in this Section 5.1
specifically dealt with, but including such material breaches or defaults of the Rights Agent in the performance of its duties hereunder,
which for the purposes of this section shall constitute an Event of Default of the Parent), and continuance of such default or breach
for a period of thirty (30) days after a written notice specifying such default or breach and requiring it to be remedied is given, which
written notice states that it is a Notice of Default hereunder and is sent by registered or certified mail to Parent (with
a copy to the Rights Agent) by the Acting Holders (whatever the reason for such Event of Default and whether it shall be voluntary or
involuntary or be effected by operation of Law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court or any order, rule or regulation
of any Governmental Authority).

(b)Without
limiting the remedies available to the Acting Holders pursuant to a proceeding in accordance with Section 6.6, any amount
that has been determined in accordance with Section 6.6 to have been due and payable pursuant to this Agreement to a Holder
shall be subject to interest on such amount from the date such payment was required to be made until the date of payment at an interest
rate of 12% per annum (such aggregate interest payable to the Holders, the Interest Payment).

(c)If
an Event of Default described above occurs and is continuing (and has not been cured or waived), then, and in each and every such case,
the Acting Holders by notice in writing to Parent and the Rights Agent, may, but are not obligated to, commence an arbitration proceeding
to protect the rights of the Holders, including to obtain payment for any amounts then due and payable, pursuant to Section 6.6.
It is further acknowledged and agreed that the Parent shall promptly advance (when requested) the reasonable, documented out-of-pocket
costs and expense of one outside law firm to represent the Acting Holders in any dispute arising out of this Section 5.1 and
that the Holders shall have no liability to or obligations to reimburse Parent for such advancements, regardless of the outcome of such
arbitration proceeding.

(d)The
foregoing provisions of this Section 5.1, however, are subject to the condition that if, at any time after the Acting Holders
shall have commenced such arbitration proceeding, and before any award shall have been obtained, Parent shall pay or shall deposit with
the Rights Agent all CVR Consideration and a sum sufficient to pay all other amounts (inclusive of the Interest Payment) which shall have
become due and such amount as shall be sufficient to cover reasonable compensation to the Rights Agent, its agents, attorneys and counsel,
and all Events of Default under this Agreement shall have been cured, waived or otherwise remedied as provided herein, then and in every
such case the Acting Holders, by written notice to Parent and to the Rights Agent, may waive all defaults that are the subject of such
arbitration proceeding, but no such waiver or rescission and annulment shall extend to or shall affect any subsequent default.

5.2Arbitration
Proceedings for Enforcement. If an Event of Default has occurred, has not been waived and is continuing, the Acting Holders may,
in their discretion proceed to protect and enforce the rights vested in them by this Agreement by commencing arbitration proceedings
pursuant to Section 6.6.

5.3Arbitration
Proceedings Initiated by Holders. Except as set forth in this Section 5.3, no Holders of any CVRs shall have any right
under this Agreement to commence arbitration proceedings under or with respect to this Agreement, or for the appointment of a Rights
Agent, receiver, liquidator, custodian or other similar official, for any other remedy hereunder. Subject to Section 6.6,
the Acting Holders shall have the right under this Agreement to commence arbitration proceedings under or with respect to this Agreement.
Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, the right of any Holder of any CVR to receive payment of the amounts that a CVR
Notice indicates are payable in respect of such CVR on or after the applicable due date, or to commence arbitration proceedings for the
enforcement of any such payment on or after such due date, shall not be impaired or affected without the consent of such Holder.

5.4Control
by Acting Holders. The Acting Holders shall have the right to direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for
any remedy available to the Holders, or exercising any power conferred on the Holders by this Agreement; provided that such direction
shall not be otherwise than in accordance with Law and the provisions of this Agreement.

6.OTHER
PROVISIONS OF GENERAL APPLICATION

6.1Notices
to the Rights Agent and Parent. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be delivered to Parent or the Rights Agent
under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed properly delivered, given and received (a) upon receipt when delivered
by hand, (b) when sent if sent by registered mail or by courier or express delivery service, (c) except in the case of the Rights
Agent, if sent by email transmission prior to 6:00 p.m. recipients local time, upon transmission when transmission is confirmed
or (d) except in the case of the Rights Agent, if sent by email transmission after 6:00 p.m. recipients local time and
receipt is confirmed, the Business Day following the date of transmission; provided, that in each case the notice or other communication
is sent to the physical address or email address, as applicable, set forth beneath the name of such party below (or to such other physical
address or email address as such party shall have specified in a written notice given to the other party):

If to the Rights Agent,
to it at:

Computershare Inc. 

Computershare Trust
Company, N.A. 

150 Royall Street 

Canton, MA 02021 

Attention: Relationship
Manager Legal Department

with a copy (which
shall not constitute notice) to:

Computershare Inc. 

Computershare Trust
Company, N.A. 

150 Royall Street 

Canton, MA 02021 

Attention: Legal
Department

If to Parent, to it
at:

Ready Capital Corporation 

1251 Avenue of the Americas,
50th Floor 

New York, NY 10020 

Attention: Andrew Ahlborn 

Email: aahlborn@waterfallam.com

with a copy (which
shall not constitute notice) to:

Alston & Bird LLP 

90 Park Avenue, 

New York, NY 10016 

Attention: Michael Kessler,
David Brown 

Email: michael.kessler@alston.com,
david.brown@alston.com

The Rights Agent or Parent
may specify a different address or email address by giving notice in accordance with this Section 6.1.

6.2Notice
to Holders. Where this Agreement provides for notice to Holders, such notice shall be sufficiently given (unless otherwise herein
expressly provided) if in writing and mailed, first-class postage prepaid or, if applicable, transmitted through the facilities of DTC
in accordance with DTCs procedures, to each Holder affected by such event, at the Holders address as it appears in the CVR
Register, not later than the latest date, and not earlier than the earliest date, if any, prescribed for the giving of such notice. In
any case where notice to Holders is given by mail, neither the failure to mail such notice, nor any defect in any notice so mailed, to
any particular Holder shall affect the sufficiency of such notice with respect to other Holders.

6.3Parent
Successors and Assigns. Parent may not assign this Agreement without the consent of the Acting Holders, except Parent may assign
(a) in its sole discretion and without the consent of any other Person, any or all of its rights, interests and obligations hereunder
to one or more of its Affiliates (each, an Assignee), provided that the Assignee agrees to assume and be
bound by all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and provided, further, that in connection with any assignment
to an Assignee, Parent shall agree to remain liable for the performance by each Assignee of obligations of Parent hereunder, with such
Assignee substituted for Parent under this Agreement, and (b) this Agreement in its entirety without the consent of any other Person
to its successor in interest in connection with the sale of all or substantially all of its assets or of its stock, or in connection
with a merger, acquisition or similar transaction (such successor in interest, the Acquiror). This Agreement will
be binding upon, inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by Parents successors, Acquiror and each Assignee. Each reference
to Parent in this Agreement shall be deemed to include Parents successors, Acquiror and all Assignees. Each
of Parents successors, Acquirors and Assignees shall, by a supplemental contingent equity rights agreement or other instrument
supplemental hereto, executed and delivered to the Rights Agent, expressly assume payment of amounts on all of the CVRs and the performance
of every obligation, agreement and covenant of this Agreement on the part of Parent to be performed or observed. The Rights Agent may
not assign this Agreement without Parents written consent. Any attempted assignment of this Agreement or any such rights in violation
of this Section 6.3 shall be void and of no effect.

6.4No
Third-Party Beneficiaries. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, shall give to any Person (other than the Rights Agent, Parent,
Parents successors and Assignees, the Holders and the Holders successors and assigns pursuant to a Permitted Transfer, each
of whom is intended to be, and is, a third-party beneficiary hereunder) any benefit or any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under
this Agreement or under any covenant or provision herein contained, all such covenants and provisions being for the sole benefit of the
Rights Agent, Parent, Parents successors and Assignees, and the Holders. The Holders of CVRs shall have no rights except the contractual
rights as are expressly set forth in this Agreement and the Merger Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein,
any Holder or Holders successor or assign pursuant to a Permitted Transfer may at any time agree to renounce, in whole or in part,
whether or not for consideration, such Holders rights under this Agreement by written notice to the Rights Agent and Parent, which
notice, if given, shall be irrevocable, and Parent may, in its sole discretion, at any time offer consideration to Holders in exchange
for their agreement to irrevocably renounce their rights, in whole or in part, hereunder.

6.5Governing
Law. This Agreement, the CVRs and all actions arising under or in connection herewith and therewith (whether based in contract, tort,
or otherwise) shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, regardless of the laws that
might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts of laws thereof. Any action or proceeding arising out of or relating
to this Agreement or any of the CVRs involving the Rights Agent or to which the Rights Agent is a party shall be conducted exclusively
in the state or federal courts sitting in or for the Borough of Manhattan in the City and State of New York.

6.6Arbitration.
Any dispute, controversy or claim (including any claim for breach hereof) based upon, relating to or arising out of this Agreement or
any transaction contemplated hereby (other than a dispute, controversy or claim asserted against or by the Rights Agent to the extent
pertaining to the Rights Agents rights, immunities, liabilities, duties, responsibilities or obligations hereunder, and other
than matters that are the subject of a Dispute Notice, which shall be resolved in the manner described in Section 2.4(b))
shall be resolved by binding arbitration conducted in accordance with the Rules of Arbitration (Rules) of the
International Chamber of Commerce (the ICC). The arbitration shall be conducted by a panel of three arbitrators,
each of whom shall be independent and a lawyer or retired judge with at least fifteen years experience in the real estate industry
and with mergers and acquisitions. No later than fifteen (15) days after an arbitration proceeding is commenced under this Section 6.6,
Parent shall nominate one arbitrator and the Holder (or, if more than one Holder is a party to the arbitration proceeding, all such Holders
collectively) shall nominate one arbitrator, and the two so nominated arbitrators shall select the third arbitrator. If the two arbitrators
cannot or fail to agree upon the third arbitrator within fifteen (15) days of their confirmation by the ICC, the third arbitrator shall
be appointed by the ICC in accordance with the Rules. The arbitration shall be administered by the ICC acting through its International
Court of Arbitration. The arbitration shall be conducted in the English language and the seat, or place, of the arbitration shall be
the city of New York, New York. Hearings shall be conducted in New York, New York, or at such other location as mutually agreed by Parent
and the Holder or Holders that are party to the arbitration proceeding. The arbitration award shall be final, conclusive, binding and
non-appealable and shall not be subject to further review by any court. The arbitrator shall have no power to amend or supplement the
terms of this Agreement or the Merger Agreement or act ex aequo et bono. Judgment upon the award may be entered in any court having
jurisdiction thereof. Unless otherwise specified herein, each party shall bear his, her or its own costs of any such arbitration or investigation
in respect of any dispute. Any award payable in favor of the Holders or the Rights Agent as a result of arbitration shall be distributed
to the Holders on a pro rata basis, based on the number of CVRs held by each Holder. For clarity, the Rights Agent shall not have any
duties or obligations to commence any arbitration proceeding pursuant to this Section 6.6.

6.7Severability.
Any term or provision of this Agreement that is invalid or unenforceable in any situation in any jurisdiction shall not affect the validity
or enforceability of the remaining terms and provisions of this Agreement or the validity or enforceability of the offending term or
provision in any other situation or in any other jurisdiction. If a final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction declares that
any term or provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable, the parties hereto agree that the court making such determination
shall have the power to limit such term or provision, to delete specific words or phrases or to replace such term or provision with a
term or provision that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest to expressing the intention of the invalid or unenforceable term
or provision, and this Agreement shall be valid and enforceable as so modified. In the event such court does not exercise the power granted
to it in the prior sentence, the parties hereto agree to replace such invalid or unenforceable term or provision with a valid and enforceable
term or provision that will achieve, to the extent possible, the economic, business and other purposes of such invalid or unenforceable
term or provision. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any illegal, void, unenforceable or replaced provision shall adversely affect the
rights, immunities, liabilities, duties or obligations of the Rights Agent, the Rights Agent shall be entitled to resign immediately
upon written notice to Parent.

6.8Termination.
This Agreement shall be terminated and of no force or effect, the parties hereto shall have no liability hereunder (other than with respect
to monies due and owing by Parent to Rights Agent), and no payments shall be required to be made, upon the later to occur of (a) the
date that is six (6) months after the date of the CVR Notice in respect of the last CVR Accrual Period and (b) the date on
which all CVR Consideration is delivered to Holders (other than holders of Equity Award CVRs) in accordance with this Agreement. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, no such termination shall affect any rights or obligations accrued prior to the effective date of such termination or
Sections 2.4(h), 3.1, 3.2, 5.1, 5.2, 5.3, 5.4, 6.4, 6.5, 6.6, 6.7,
6.8, 6.9, 6.11 or this Section 6.12, which shall survive the termination of this Agreement, or the resignation,
replacement or removal of the Rights Agent.

6.9Force
Majeure. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Rights Agent will not be liable for any delays or failures
in performance resulting from acts beyond its reasonable control including, without limitation, acts of God, epidemic, pandemic, terrorist
acts, shortage of supply, breakdowns or malfunctions, interruptions or malfunction of computer facilities, or loss of data due to power
failures or mechanical difficulties with information storage or retrieval systems, labor difficulties, war, or civil unrest.

6.10Further
Assurances. The Company shall perform, acknowledge and deliver or cause to be performed, acknowledged and delivered all such further
and other acts, documents, instruments and assurances as may be reasonably required by the Rights Agent for the carrying out or performing
by the Rights Agent of the provisions of this Agreement.

6.11Confidentiality.
The Rights Agent and Parent agree that all books, records, information and data pertaining to the business of the other party, including
inter alia, personal, non-public holder information, which are exchanged or received pursuant to the negotiation or the carrying out
of this Agreement including the fees for services hereunder shall remain confidential, and shall not be voluntarily disclosed to any
other person, except as may be required by law, including, without limitation, pursuant to subpoenas from state or federal government
authorities (e.g., in divorce and criminal actions).

6.12Entire
Agreement; Counterparts. As among the Holders and Parent, this Agreement, the Merger Agreement (including its Exhibits and Schedules,
including Disclosure Schedules) and the other Ancillary Documents constitute the entire agreement and supersede all contemporaneous and
prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among or between any of the parties hereto, with respect to the subject matter
hereof and thereof. As it relates to the Rights Agent, this Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and supersedes all contemporaneous
and prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among or between any of the parties hereto, with respect to the subject
matter hereof and thereof. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which
shall constitute one and the same instrument. A signature to this Agreement transmitted electronically shall have the same authority,
effect, and enforceability as an original signature. The exchange of a fully executed Agreement (in counterparts or otherwise) by PDF
shall be sufficient to bind the parties hereto to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of
the parties has caused this Agreement to be executed on its behalf by its duly authorized officers as of the day and year first above
written.

READY CAPITAL CORPORATION

By: /s/ Thomas Capasse

Name: Thomas
Capasse

Title: Chairman
of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

COMPUTERSHARE INC. and COMPUTERSHARE TRUST COMPANY, N.A.,

jointly as Rights Agent

By: /s/ Collin Ekeogu

Name: Collin Ekeogu

Title: Senior
Manager, Corporate Actions

[Signature Page to Contingent Value Rights
Agreement]

Schedule A

Litigation Adjustments

For purposes of this Agreement, Litigation
Adjustments shall mean, for any CVR Accrual Period (or any portion thereof) following the Effective Time, an amount equal to
the sum of:

(a) The monetary costs payable during such CVR Accrual Period by UDF or any of its Subsidiaries with respect
to the settlement of a Listed Matter (including any indemnification obligations of the Surviving Company or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant
to any indemnification agreement or the Organizational Documents of UDF related to such Listed Matter, including the Advisor Litigation
Matter); plus

(b) The monetary costs and/or monetary penalties payable during such CVR Accrual Period by any Parent Party
in any finally determined judgment in connection with a Listed Matter (including any indemnification obligations of the Surviving Company
or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to any indemnification agreement or the Organizational Documents of UDF related to such Listed Matter,
including the Advisor Litigation Matter); plus

(c) All reasonable and documented out-of-pocket legal fees and expenses incurred during such CVR Accrual Period
by a Parent Party in connection with a Listed Matter; plus

(d) All amounts advanced to any Person by a Parent Party pursuant to indemnification or advancement obligations
of the Surviving Company or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to any indemnification agreement or the Organizational Documents of UDF related
to any Listed Matter, including the Advisor Litigation Matter, in connection with a Listed Matter;

provided,
that any amounts set forth in clauses (a) through (d) shall not be duplicative of any other amount included in the Litigation
Adjustments during such CVR Accrual Period or in any other CVR Accrual Period; provided, further, that any amounts set forth
above in clauses (a) through (d) shall be net of any amounts received in such CVR Accrual Period by Parent or any of its Subsidiaries
(including the Surviving Company) from any insurance policy relating to or covering such Litigation Adjustments or Listed Matter.

For the avoidance of doubt, (x) any cost,
expense, settlement, indemnification obligation or penalty incurred or payable by any Parent Party, UDF (and following the Effective Time,
the Surviving Company) or its Subsidiaries related to any Action prior to or following the Closing that is not a Listed Matter shall not
constitute a Litigation Adjustment and (y) any amounts set forth in clauses (a) through (d) incurred prior to the Effective
Time shall not constitute a Litigation Adjustment.

For purposes of this Schedule A:

(a) The Advisor Litigation Matter means NexPoint Diversified Real Estate Trust, et al. v. UMTH General Services,
L.P., et al., No. DC-22-09833 (Tex. Dist. Ct. Dallas Cnty., filed Aug. 17, 2022).

(b) Listed Matters means, collectively, the following post-Closing matters:

(i) NexPoint Advisors, L.P v. United Development Funding IV, et al., No. 048-320795-20 (Tex. Dist. Ct. Tarrant Cnty., filed
Oct. 9, 2020).

(ii) Megatel Homes LLC, et al. v. Moayedi et al., No. 3:20-cv-00688-L-BT (N.D. Tex., filed Mar. 20, 2020).

(iii) The Advisor Litigation Matter.

(iv) UDF, et.al. v. Hayman Capital, et al., No. CC-17-06253-B (Tex. Dist. Ct. Dallas Count, filed Nov. 17, 2017).

(v) Nexpoint Real Estate Opportunities LLC v. United Development Funding IV, et al., No. 24-C-23-004497 (Baltimore City Cir.
Ct., filed June 2021).

(vi) Transaction Litigation (as defined in the Merger Agreement).

EXHIBIT A

Covered Loans

The following Company Loans, as the same have
been, and may in the future be, amended, modified and supplemented from time to time:

1. UDF IV Loan #5035 - Terracina, originally owing from Woods Chinn Chapel, Ltd., a Texas limited partnership
to UDF IV, assumed by CTMGT, LLC, a Texas limited liability company, effective as of May 30, 2023;

2. UDF IV Loan #5100 - Frontier; originally owing from CTMGT Frontier 80, LLC, a Texas limited liability
company to UDF IV, assumed by CTMGT, LLC, a Texas limited liability company, effective as of May 30, 2023;

3. UDF IV Loan #5106 - Steeplechase; owing from CTMGT Turbeville, LLC, a Texas limited liability company
to UDF IV;

4. UDF IV Loan #5052- Barcelona, originally owing from CTMGT Barcelona, LLC, a Texas limited liability company
to UDF IV, assumed by CTMGT, LLC, a Texas limited liability company, effective as of May 30, 2023; and

5. UDF IV Loan #5068 - Erwin Farms, owing from CTMGT Erwin Farms, LLC, a Texas limited liability company
to UDF IV.

EXHIBIT B

Form of CVR Notice

Computershare Trust Company, N.A.

150 Royall Street

Canton, MA 02021

Attn: Relationship Manager Legal Department

Re:CVR
Notice

Reference is made to the Contingent
Value Rights Agreement, dated as of March 13, 2025 (the CVR Agreement), between Ready Capital Corporation (Parent)
and Computershare Inc., a Delaware corporation (Computershare) and its affiliate Computershare Trust Company, N.A.,
a federally chartered trust company (together with Computershare, the Rights Agent). Capitalized terms used but not
defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the CVR Agreement.

As set forth in Exhibit A
hereto, and in accordance with Section 2.4(a) of the CVR Agreement, Parent has calculated the the Aggregate CVR Consideration
to be $[], the Parent Share Value to be $[], the Per CVR Consideration Amount to be $[], and the Per CVR Consideration
to be [] shares of Parent Common Stock [and $[] in cash]. This notice constitutes the written notice required by Section 2.4(b) of
the CVR Agreement.

For your reference, Exhibit B1
sets forth the underlying calculations and support with respect to the information set forth in Exhibit A.

Very truly yours,

READY CAPITAL CORPORATION

By: 

Name: Andrew Ahlborn

Title: Chief Financial Officer

1 Note: To include a breakdown of receipts, costs, and
underlying calculations that tie to the definitions used to calculate Aggregate CVR Consideration, as set forth in Section 1.1.

EXHIBIT A

Aggregate CVR Consideration:

$[]

Parent Share Value:

$[]

Per CVR Consideration Amount:

$[]

Per CVR Consideration:

[] shares of Parent Common Stock
[and $[] in cash]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm258892d1_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Ready Capital Corporation Announces Completion
of 

Merger

NEW
YORK, March 13, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) Ready Capital Corporation (NYSE: RC) (Ready Capital or the Company)
today announced that it has completed the previously announced acquisition of United Development Funding IV (UDF IV)
(the Merger) pursuant to the terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 29, 2024, by and among
Ready Capital, RC Merger Sub IV, LLC, and UDF IV. The combined company will conduct business under the name Ready Capital Corporation
and will continue to trade on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol RC.

At
the effective time of the Merger, each outstanding common share of beneficial interest, par value $0.01 per share, of UDF IV was automatically
cancelled and retired and converted into the right to receive (i) 0.416 shares of Ready Capitals common stock, $0.0001
par value per share (Ready Capital Common Stock) and (ii) 0.416 contingent value rights (CVRs) representing
the potential right to receive additional shares of Ready Capital Common Stock after the end of each of (1) the period beginning
on October 1, 2024, and ending on December 31, 2025 and (2) the three subsequent calendar years, based upon cash proceeds
received by Ready Capital and its subsidiaries in respect of a portfolio of five UDF IV loans. No fractional shares of Ready Capital Common
Stock were issued in the Merger, and the value of any fractional shares to which a former UDF IV shareholder was otherwise entitled was
paid in cash.

We look forward to scaling our portfolio,
expanding our core business, and unlocking exciting growth and value creation opportunities, stated Thomas Capasse, Ready Capitals
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains statements that constitute
forward-looking statements, as such term is defined in Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and such statements are intended to be covered by the safe harbor provided by the same. Such
forward-looking statements generally can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as may, will,
expect, intend, anticipate, estimate, believe, or other similar
words, are based on current expectations and beliefs of Ready Capital and are subject to a number of trends and uncertainties that could
cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. Ready Capital cannot provide any assurance
that its expectations will be attained.

Factors that could cause actual results to differ
materially from expectations include, but are not limited to, risks that will affect the amount of payments under the CVRs, if any, including,
among others, the performance of the specified UDF IV loans and developments in litigation involving or relating to UDF IV; risks related
to disruption of management attention from the ongoing business operations due to the Merger; the ability to retain key personnel; availability
of suitable investment opportunities; changes in interest rates; changes in the yield curve; changes in prepayment rates; the availability
and terms of financing; general economic conditions; market conditions; inflationary pressures on the capital markets and the general
economy; conditions in the market for small balance commercial loans and other investments; legislative and regulatory changes that could
adversely affect the business of Ready Capital; risks related to integrating an existing lending platform into Ready Capitals operations;
and other factors, including those set forth in the Risk Factors section of Ready Capitals most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K
and other reports filed by Ready Capital with the SEC, copies of which are available on the SEC's website, www.sec.gov. Ready Capital
undertakes no obligation to update these statements for revisions or changes after the date of this press release, except as required
by law.

About Ready Capital Corporation

Ready Capital Corporation (NYSE: RC) is a multi-strategy
real estate finance company that originates, acquires, finances and services lower-to-middle-market investor and owner occupied commercial
real estate loans. The Company specializes in loans backed by commercial real estate, including agency multifamily, investor, construction,
and bridge as well as U.S. Small Business Administration loans under its Section 7(a) program. Headquartered in New York, New
York, the Company employs approximately 350 professionals nationwide.

Advisors

Piper Sandler & Co. acted as exclusive
financial advisor and Alston & Bird LLP acted as legal advisor to Ready Capital. Moelis & Company LLC acted as exclusive
financial advisor to UDF IV, Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP acted as legal advisor to UDF IV and Holland & Knight LLP acted
as legal advisor to the special committee of the UDF IV Board of Trustees.

Contact

Investor
Relations

Ready Capital Corporation

212-257-4666

InvestorRelations@readycapital.com

Ready Capital Media Relations

PR@readycapital.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>rc-20250313.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>rc-20250313_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>rc-20250313_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Stock 0. 0001 Par Value Per Share [Member] 

Series C Preferred Stock [Member] 

Series E Preferred Stock [Member] 

Sec 7. 00 Convertible Senior Notes Due 2023 [Member] 

Sec 6. 20 Senior Notes Due 2026 [Member] 

Sec 5. 75 Senior Notes Due 2026 [Member] 

Statement [Table] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>rc-20250313_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>tm258892d1_img1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Mar. 13, 2025

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 13, 2025

Entity File Number 001-35808

Entity Registrant Name READY
CAPITAL CORPORATION

Entity Central Index Key 0001527590

Entity Tax Identification Number 90-0729143

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code MD

Entity Address, Address Line One 1251
Avenue of the Americas

Entity Address, Address Line Two 50th
Floor

Entity Address, City or Town New
York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10020

City Area Code 212

Local Phone Number 257-4600

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Common Stock 0. 0001 Par Value Per Share [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, $0.0001 par value

Trading Symbol RC

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Series C Preferred Stock [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security 6.25% Series C Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock, $0.0001 par value per share

Trading Symbol RC PRC

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Series E Preferred Stock [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security 6.50%
Series E Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock, $0.0001 par value per share

Trading Symbol RC PRE

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Sec 7. 00 Convertible Senior Notes Due 2023 [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security 6.20% Senior Notes due 2026

Trading Symbol RCB

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Sec 6. 20 Senior Notes Due 2026 [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security 5.75% Senior Notes due 2026

Trading Symbol RCC

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Sec 5. 75 Senior Notes Due 2026 [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security 9.00% Senior Notes due 2029

Trading Symbol RCD

Security Exchange Name NYSE

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=rc_CommonStock0.0001ParValuePerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesCPreferredStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesEPreferredStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=rc_Sec7.00ConvertibleSeniorNotesDue2023Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=rc_Sec6.20SeniorNotesDue2026Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=rc_Sec5.75SeniorNotesDue2026Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
7 
23 
1 
false 
6 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://sutherlandam.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

rc-20250313.xsd 
rc-20250313_def.xml 
rc-20250313_lab.xml 
rc-20250313_pre.xml 
tm258892d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-023522-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>tm258892d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001527590 

2025-03-13 
2025-03-13 

0001527590 

rc:CommonStock0.0001ParValuePerShareMember 

2025-03-13 
2025-03-13 

0001527590 

us-gaap:SeriesCPreferredStockMember 

2025-03-13 
2025-03-13 

0001527590 

us-gaap:SeriesEPreferredStockMember 

2025-03-13 
2025-03-13 

0001527590 

rc:Sec7.00ConvertibleSeniorNotesDue2023Member 

2025-03-13 
2025-03-13 

0001527590 

rc:Sec6.20SeniorNotesDue2026Member 

2025-03-13 
2025-03-13 

0001527590 

rc:Sec5.75SeniorNotesDue2026Member 

2025-03-13 
2025-03-13 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001527590 
8-K 
2025-03-13 
READY CAPITAL CORPORATION 
MD 
001-35808 
90-0729143 
1251 Avenue of the Americas 
50th Floor 
New York 
NY 
10020 
212 
257-4600 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.0001 par value 
RC 
NYSE 
6.25% Series C Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock, $0.0001 par value per share 
RC PRC 
NYSE 
6.50% Series E Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock, $0.0001 par value per share 
RC PRE 
NYSE 
6.20% Senior Notes due 2026 
RCB 
NYSE 
5.75% Senior Notes due 2026 
RCC 
NYSE 
9.00% Senior Notes due 2029 
RCD 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>