<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-019685.txt : 20250204
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-019685.hdr.sgml : 20250204
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250204085847
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-019685
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250204
ITEM INFORMATION:		Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Control of Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250204
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250204

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BRIGHTCOVE INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001313275
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROCESSING & DATA PREPARATION [7374]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				201579162
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35429
		FILM NUMBER:		25585504

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		281 SUMMER STREET
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02210
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(888) 882-1880

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		281 SUMMER STREET
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02210

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	VIDEO MARKETPLACE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050104
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d925360d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

BRIGHTCOVE INCDEfalse0001313275--12-3100013132752025-02-042025-02-04

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of Earliest Event Reported): February 4, 2025

BRIGHTCOVE INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

DELAWARE 001-35429 20-1579162

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

281 Summer Street, Boston, MA 02210

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(888)882-1880

Registrants telephone number, including area code

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share BCOV The NASDAQ Global Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

INTRODUCTORY NOTE 

On February 4, 2025 (the Closing Date), Bending Spoons US Inc., a Delaware Corporation (Parent), completed the previously announced acquisition of Brightcove Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 24, 2024 (the Merger Agreement), by and among the Company, Parent, Bending Spoons S.p.A., an Italian societ per azioni (solely for the purposes of Section 6.11, Section 6.13 and Section 9.15) (Guarantor), and Blossom Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent (Merger Sub). Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, on the Closing Date, Merger Sub merged with and into the Company (the Merger), with the Company surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent (the Surviving Corporation). 

The Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Merger, were previously described in the definitive proxy statement filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on December 31, 2024 (the Proxy Statement). 

Item 1.02. 

Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement. 

In connection with the consummation of the Merger, on February 4, 2025, the Company terminated all outstanding commitments, including commitments to issue letters of credit, under the Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of December 14, 2018 (as the same may from time to time have been amended, restated, or otherwise modified, the Loan Agreement), by and between the Company and Silicon Valley Bank. In connection with the termination of the Loan Agreement, all outstanding obligations for principal, interest and fees under the Loan Agreement were paid off in full. 

Item 2.01. 

Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets. 

The information set forth in the Introductory Note and Items 3.01, 5.01, 5.02 and 5.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.01. 

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), (a) each share of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the Company (the Company Common Stock) (other than (i) shares held in the treasury of the Company or owned by Guarantor, Parent or Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time and (ii) shares held by stockholders who have perfected their statutory rights of appraisal under Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the Appraisal Shares)) was automatically canceled and converted into the right to receive $4.45 in cash, without interest (the Merger Consideration), (b) each share of Company Common Stock held in the treasury of the Company and any shares of Company Common Stock owned by Guarantor, Parent or Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time was automatically canceled and ceased to exist and no consideration was delivered in exchange therefor, and (c) each share of common stock of Merger Sub issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time was automatically converted into and became one fully paid, nonassessable share of common stock, par value $0.01 per share of the Surviving Corporation (as defined in the Merger Agreement), with the same rights, powers and privileges as the shares so converted and constituted the only outstanding shares of capital stock of the Surviving Corporation. 

In addition, immediately prior to the Effective Time, each outstanding option to purchase Company Common Stock (each, a Company Stock Option) that had a per share exercise price that was less than the Merger Consideration, whether or not vested and exercisable, was automatically canceled and converted into the right to receive from Parent or the Surviving Corporation an amount in cash equal to the product obtained by multiplying (i) the excess of the Merger Consideration over the per share exercise price of such Company Stock Option, by (ii) the aggregate number of shares of Company Common Stock underlying such Company Stock Option immediately prior to the Effective Time. Immediately prior to the Effective Time, each Company Stock Option, whether or not vested and exercisable, that had a per share exercise price that was equal to or greater than the Merger Consideration was automatically canceled without payment of any consideration. 

Immediately prior to the Effective Time, each outstanding restricted stock unit award with respect to Company Common Stock (each, a Company RSU Award), whether or not vested, was canceled and extinguished and, in exchange therefor, each former holder of any such Company RSU Award has the right to receive from Parent or the Surviving Corporation an amount in cash equal to the product obtained by multiplying (i) the Merger Consideration 

by (ii) the aggregate number of shares of Company Common Stock subject to such Company RSU Award immediately prior to the Effective Time (such product, the RSU Payments). For any Company RSU Award that includes performance-based vesting conditions, the holder thereof was entitled to RSU Payments only to the extent the Company RSU Award vested in accordance with its terms at or prior to the Effective Time. 

The foregoing summary does not purport to be a complete description and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement, which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the SEC on November 25, 2024, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 3.01 

Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing. 

The information set forth in the Introductory Note and Item 2.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.01. 

On the Closing Date, the Company notified The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq) of the consummation of the Merger and requested that Nasdaq file with the SEC a Form 25 Notification of Removal from Listing and/or Registration under Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), to delist the shares of the Companys Common Stock from Nasdaq and deregister the shares of the Companys Common Stock under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act. Upon effectiveness of the Form 25, the Company intends to file with the SEC a Certification and Notice of Termination on Form 15 to deregister the Companys Common Stock and suspend the Companys reporting obligations under Sections 13 and 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Trading of the Companys Common Stock on Nasdaq was halted prior to the opening of trading on the Closing Date. 

Item 3.03 

Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders. 

The information set forth in the Introductory Note and Items 2.01, 3.01, 5.01 and 5.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference into this Item 3.03. 

As a result of the Merger, each share of the Companys Common Stock that was issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (except as described in Item 2.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K) was cancelled and converted automatically, at the Effective Time, into the right to receive the Merger Consideration. Accordingly, at the Effective Time, the holders of such shares of the Companys Common Stock ceased to have any rights as stockholders of the Company, other than the right to receive the Merger Consideration. 

Item 5.01 

Change in Control of Registrant. 

The information set forth in the Introductory Note and Items 2.01, 3.01, 3.03 and 5.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference into this Item 5.01. 

As a result of the Merger, at the Effective Time, a change in control of the Company occurred and the Company became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent. 

Item 5.02 

Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. 

The information set forth in the Introductory Note and Item 2.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference into this Item 5.02. 

In connection with the Merger, as of the Effective Time, Marc DeBevoise, Diane Hessan, Kristin Frank, Gary Haroian, Scott Kurnit, Tsedal Neeley, and Thomas E. Wheeler each resigned from the board of directors of the Company and from any and all committees thereof on which they served and ceased to be directors of the Company. At the Effective Time, in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, (i) the directors of Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time, Francesco Patarnello, Douglas Marshall and Sarah Odrezin, became the directors of the Surviving Corporation and (ii) the officers of the Company immediately prior to the Effective Time became the officers of the Surviving Corporation. 

Item 5.03 

Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or By-Laws; Change in Fiscal Year. 

The information set forth in the Introductory Note and Item 2.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.03. 

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, at the Effective Time, the Companys certificate of incorporation and by-laws were amended and restated in their entirety. Copies of the Twelfth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and the Amended and Restated By-laws are filed as Exhibit 3.1 and Exhibit 3.2, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits. 

Exhibit

Number 

Description

2.1* Agreement and Plan of Merger, by and among Parent, Company, Guarantor and Merger Sub, dated November 24, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 25, 2024). 

3.1 Twelfth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Brightcove Inc. 

3.2 Amended and Restated By-Laws of Brightcove Inc. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL)

* 

All schedules to the Merger Agreement have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The Company hereby agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

Brightcove Inc.

By: 

/s/ John Wagner

Name: John Wagner

Title: Chief Financial Officer

Dated: February 4, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d925360dex31.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.1
<TEXT>
EX-3.1

Exhibit 3.1 

AMENDED AND RESTATED 

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 

OF 

BRIGHTCOVE INC.

ARTICLE I 

The name of
the Corporation is: Brightcove Inc.

ARTICLE II 

The address of the registered office of the Corporation in the State of Delaware is: 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, County of New Castle,
Delaware, 19801. The name of the registered agent of the Corporation at such address is The Corporation Trust Company. 

ARTICLE III 

The nature of the business or purposes to be conducted or promoted by the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which
corporations may be organized under the General Corporation Law. 

ARTICLE IV 

The total number of shares of stock which the Corporation shall have authority to issue is 100 shares of Common Stock, each of which shall
have a par value of $0.01 per share. 

ARTICLE V 

In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by statute, the by-laws of the
Corporation may be made, altered, amended or repealed by the stockholders or by the unanimous vote of the entire board of directors of the Corporation. 

ARTICLE VI 

Elections of
directors need not be by written ballot. 

ARTICLE VII 

A director of the Corporation shall not be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of
fiduciary duty as a director, except for liability (a) for any breach of the directors duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its stockholders, (b) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a
knowing violation of law, (c) under Section 174 of the General Corporation Law or (d) for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. If the General Corporation Law is amended after the effective date
of this Certificate to authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the personal liability of directors, then the liability of a director of the Corporation shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the General
Corporation Law, as so amended. 

Any amendment, repeal or modification of this Article VII by either of (i) the
stockholders of the Corporation or (ii) an amendment to the General Corporation Law, shall not adversely affect any right or protection existing at the time of such amendment, repeal or modification with respect to any acts or omissions
occurring before such amendment, repeal or modification of a person serving as a director at the time of such amendment, repeal or modification. 

[Signature Page Follows] 

- 2 - 

THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION is executed as of the 4th day of
February, 2025. 

BRIGHTCOVE INC.

By: 

/s/ Marc DeBevoise
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d925360dex32.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.2
<TEXT>
EX-3.2

Exhibit 3.2 

BRIGHTCOVE INC. 

INCORPORATED UNDER THE LAWS OF 

THE STATE OF DELAWARE 

AMENDED AND RESTATED BY-LAWS

ARTICLE I. 

OFFICES. 

The registered office of Brightcove Inc. (the Corporation) shall be located in the state of Delaware and shall be at such
address as shall be set forth in the Certificate of Incorporation. The registered agent of the Corporation at such address shall be as set forth in the Certificate of Incorporation. The Corporation may also have such other offices at such other
places, within or without the State of Delaware, as the Board of Directors may from time to time designate or the business of the Corporation may require. 

ARTICLE II. 

STOCKHOLDERS. 

Section 1. Annual Meeting. The annual meeting of stockholders for the election of directors and the transaction of any other
business shall be held on such date and at such time and in such place, either within or without the State of Delaware, as shall from time to time be designated by the Board of Directors. At the annual meeting any business may be transacted and any
corporate action may be taken, whether stated in the notice of meeting or not, except as otherwise expressly provided by statute or the Certificate of Incorporation. 

Section 2. Special Meetings. Special meetings of the stockholders for any purpose may be called at any time by the Board of
Directors, or by the Chief Executive Officer, and shall be called by the Chief Executive Officer at the request of the holders of at least 20% of the outstanding shares of capital stock entitled to vote. Special meetings shall be held at such place
or places within or without the State of Delaware as shall from time to time be designated by the Board of Directors. At a special meeting no business shall be transacted and no corporate action shall be taken other than that stated in the notice of
the meeting. 

Section 3. Notice of Meetings. Written notice of the time and place of any stockholders meeting, whether
annual or special, shall be given to each stockholder entitled to vote thereat, by personal delivery, any electronic communication, or by mailing the same to him at his address as the same appears upon the records of the Corporation at least ten
(10) days but not more than sixty (60) days before the day of the meeting. Notice of any adjourned meeting need not be given except by announcement at the meeting so adjourned, unless otherwise ordered in connection with such adjournment.
Such further notice, if any, shall be given as may be required by law. 

Section 4. Quorum. Any number of stockholders, together holding at least a
majority of the capital stock of the Corporation issued and outstanding and entitled to vote, who shall be present in person or represented by proxy at any meeting duly called, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of all business, except as
otherwise provided by law, by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these By-laws.

Section 5. Adjournment of Meetings. If less than a quorum shall attend at the time for which a meeting shall have been called, the
meeting may adjourn from time to time by a majority vote of the stockholders present or represented by proxy and entitled to vote without notice other than by announcement at the meeting until a quorum shall attend. Any meeting at which a quorum is
present may also be adjourned in like manner and for such time or upon such call as may be determined by a majority vote of the stockholders present or represented by proxy and entitled to vote. At any adjourned meeting at which a quorum shall be
present, any business may be transacted and any corporate action may be taken which might have been transacted at the meeting as originally called. 

Section 6. Voting List. The Secretary (or any other officer of the Corporation in the absence of a Secretary) shall prepare and
make, at least ten (10) days before every election of directors, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote, arranged in alphabetical order and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares of each stockholder. Such
list shall be open at the place where the election is to be held for said ten (10) days, to the examination of any stockholder, and shall be produced and kept at the time and place of election during the whole time thereof, and subject to the
inspection of any stockholder who may be present. 

Section 7. Voting. Each stockholder entitled to vote at any meeting may
vote either in person or by proxy, but no proxy shall be voted on or after three years from its date, unless said proxy provides for a longer period. Except as otherwise provided by the Certificate of Incorporation, each stockholder entitled to vote
shall at every meeting of the stockholders be entitled to one (1) vote for each share of stock registered in his name on the record of stockholders. At all meetings of stockholders all matters, except as otherwise provided by statute, shall be
determined by the affirmative vote of the majority of shares present in person or by proxy and entitled to vote on the subject matter. Voting at meetings of stockholders need not be by written ballot. 

Section 8. Record Date of Stockholders. The Board of Directors is authorized to fix in advance a date not exceeding sixty
(60) days nor less than ten (10) days preceding the date of any meeting of stockholders, or the date for the payment of any dividend, or the date for the allotment of rights, or the date when any change or conversion or exchange of capital
stock shall go into effect, or a date in connection with obtaining the consent of stockholders for any purposes, as a record date for the determination of the stockholders entitled to notice of, and to vote at, any such meeting, and any adjournment
thereof, or entitled to receive payment of any such dividend, or to any such allotment of rights, or to exercise the rights in respect of any such change, conversion or exchange of capital stock, or to give such consent, and, in such case, such
stockholders and only such stockholders as shall be stockholders of record on the date so fixed shall be entitled to such notice of, and to vote at, such meeting, and any adjournment thereof, or to receive payment of such dividend, or to receive
such allotment of rights, or to exercise such rights, or to give such consent, as the case may be, notwithstanding any transfer of any stock on the books of the Corporation, after such record date fixed as aforesaid. 

-2- 

Section 9. Action Without Meeting. Any action required or permitted to be taken
at any annual or special meeting of stockholders may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of outstanding stock
having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted and shall be delivered to the Corporation by delivery to its
registered office in the State of Delaware, its principal place of business, or an officer or agent of the Corporation having custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded. Delivery made to the Corporations
registered office shall be by hand or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. Prompt notice of the taking of the corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent shall be given to those stockholders who
have not consented in writing. 

Section 10. Conduct of Meetings. The Chairman of the Board of Directors, or if there be none,
or in the Chairmans absence, the Chief Executive Officer shall preside at all regular or special meetings of stockholders. To the maximum extent permitted by law, such presiding person shall have the power to set procedural rules, including
but not limited to rules respecting the time allotted to stockholders to speak, governing all aspects of the conduct of such meetings. 

ARTICLE III. 

DIRECTORS. 

Section 1. Number and Qualifications: The Board of Directors shall consist of such number as may be fixed from time to time by
resolution of the Board of Directors. The directors need not be stockholders. 

Section 2. Election of Directors: The directors
shall be elected by the stockholders at the annual meeting of stockholders. 

Section 3. Duration of Office: The directors
chosen at any annual meeting shall, except as hereinafter provided, hold office until the next annual election and until their successors are elected and qualify. 

Section 4. Removal and Resignation of Directors: Except as set forth in the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation, as
such certificate may be amended by any Certificates of Designation filed by the Corporation, any director may be removed from the Board of Directors, with or without cause, by the holders of a majority of the shares of capital stock entitled to
vote, either by written consent or consents or at any special meeting of the stockholders called for that purpose, and the office of such director shall forthwith become vacant. 

Any director may resign at any time. Such resignation shall take effect at the time specified therein, and if no time be specified, at the
time of its receipt by the Chief Executive Officer or Secretary. The acceptance of a resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective, unless so specified therein. 

-3- 

Section 5. Filling of Vacancies: Any vacancy among the directors, occurring from
any cause whatsoever, may be filled by all of the remaining directors, though less than a quorum, provided, however, that the stockholders removing any director may at the same meeting fill the vacancy caused by such removal, and
providedfurther, that if the directors fail to fill any such vacancy, the stockholders may at any special meeting called for that purpose fill such vacancy. In case of any increase in the number of directors, the additional directors
may be elected by the directors in office before such increase. 

Any person elected to fill a vacancy shall hold office, subject to the
right of removal as hereinbefore provided, until the next annual election and until his successor is elected and qualifies. 

Section 6. Regular Meetings: The Board of Directors shall hold an annual meeting for the purpose of organization and the
transaction of any business immediately after the annual meeting of the stockholders, provided that all of the directors are present. Other regular meetings may be held at such times as may be determined from time to time by resolution of all of the
Board of Directors. 

Section 7. Special Meetings: Special meetings of the Board of Directors shall only be called by all the
members of the Board of Directors. 

Section 8. Notice and Place of Meetings: Meetings of the Board of Directors may be held at
the principal office of the Corporation, or at such other place as shall be stated in the notice of such meeting. Notice of any special meeting, and, except as the Board of Directors may otherwise determine by resolution, notice of any regular
meeting also, shall be mailed to each director addressed to him at his residence or usual place of business at least two (2) days before the day on which the meeting is to be held, or if sent to him at such place by facsimile, telegraph,
electronic mail or other electronic means, or cable, or delivered personally or by telephone, not later than the day before the day on which the meeting is to be held. No notice of the annual meeting of the Board of Directors shall be required if it
is held immediately after the annual meeting of the stockholders. 

Section 9. Business Transacted at Meetings, etc.: Any
business may be transacted and any corporate action may be taken at any regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors at which a quorum shall be present, whether such business or proposed action be stated in the notice of such meeting or not,
unless special notice of such business or proposed action shall be required by statute. 

Section 10. Quorum: The attendance of
all of the Board of Directors at any time in office shall constitute a quorum. At any meeting at which a quorum is present, the vote of all members of the Board of Directors shall be the act of the Board of Directors. The members of the Board of
Directors shall act only as the Board of Directors and the individual members thereof shall not have any powers as such. 

Section 11.
Compensation: The directors shall not receive any stated salary for their services as directors, but by resolution of the Board of Directors a fixed fee and expenses of attendance may be allowed for attendance at each meeting. Nothing herein
contained shall preclude any director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity, as an officer, agent or otherwise, and receiving compensation therefor. 

-4- 

Section 12. Action Without a Meeting: Any action required or permitted to be
taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors, or of any committee thereof, may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board of Directors or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing, and the writing or writings are filed
with the minutes of the proceedings of the Board of Directors or committee. 

Section 13. Meetings Through Use of Communications
Equipment: Members of the Board of Directors, or any committee designated by the Board of Directors, shall, except as otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-laws, have the
power to participate in a meeting of the Board of Directors, or any committee, by means of a conference telephone or similar communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and such
participation shall constitute presence in person at the meeting. 

ARTICLE IV. 

COMMITTEES. 

Section 1.
Other Committees: Other committees, whose members need not be directors, must be appointed unanimously by the Board of Directors, which committees shall hold office for such time and have such powers and perform such duties as may from time
to time be assigned to them by the Board of Directors. 

Any member of such a committee may be removed at any time, with or without cause,
by the Board of Directors. Any vacancy in a committee occurring from any cause whatsoever may be filled by the Board of Directors. 

Section 2. Resignation: Any member of a committee may resign at any time. Such resignation shall be made in writing and shall take
effect at the time specified therein, or, if no time be specified, at the time of its receipt by the Chief Executive Officer or Secretary. The acceptance of a resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective unless so specified therein. 

Section 3. Quorum: A majority of the members of a committee shall constitute a quorum. The act of a majority of the members of a
committee present at any meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of such committee. The members of a committee shall act only as a committee, and the individual members thereof shall not have any powers as such. 

Section 4. Record of Proceedings, etc.: Each committee shall keep a record of its acts and proceedings, and shall report the same
to the Board of Directors when and as required by the Board of Directors. 

Section 5. Organization, Meetings, Notices, etc.: A
committee may hold its meetings at the principal office of the Corporation, or at any other place which a majority of the committee may at any time agreed upon. Each committee may make such rules as it may deem expedient for the regulation and
carrying on of its meetings and proceedings. Unless otherwise ordered by the Board of Directors, any notice of a meeting of such committee may be given by the Secretary of the Corporation (or, the absence of a Secretary, any other officer of the
Corporation) or by the chairman 

-5- 

of the committee and shall be sufficiently given if mailed to each member at his residence or usual place of business at least two (2) days before the day on which the meeting is to be held,
or if sent to him at such place by facsimile, telegraph, cable, electronic mail or other electronic means, or delivered personally or by telephone not later than twenty-four (24) hours before the time at which the meeting is to be held. 

Section 6. Compensation: The members of any committee shall be entitled to such compensation as may be allowed them by resolution
of the Board of Directors. 

ARTICLE V. 

OFFICERS. 

Section 1.
Number: The officers of the Corporation shall be such officers as may be appointed in accordance with the provisions of this Article V. The Board of Directors in its discretion may also elect a Chairman of the Board of Directors. 

Section 2. Election, Term of Office and Qualifications: The officers, except as provided in Section 3 of this Article V,
shall be chosen annually by the Board of Directors. Each such officer shall, except as herein otherwise provided, hold office until his successor shall have been chosen and shall qualify. Except as otherwise provided by law, any number of offices
may be held by the same person. 

Section 3. Other Officers: Other officers, including one or more vice-presidents, assistant
secretaries, treasurer or assistant treasurers, may from time to time be appointed by the Board of Directors, which other officers shall have such powers and perform such duties as may be assigned to them by the Board of Directors or the officer or
committee appointing them. 

Section 4. Removal of Officers: Any officer of the Corporation may be removed from office, with or
without cause, by a vote of the Board of Directors. 

Section 5. Resignation: Any officer of the Corporation may resign at any
time. Such resignation shall be in writing and shall take effect at the time specified therein, and if no time be specified, at the time of its receipt by the Chief Executive Officer or Secretary. The acceptance of a resignation shall not be
necessary in order to make it effective, unless so specified therein. 

Section 6. Filling of Vacancies: A vacancy in any
office shall be filled by the Board of Directors or by the authority appointing the predecessor in such office. 

Section 7.
Compensation: The compensation of the officers shall be fixed by the Board of Directors, or by any committee upon whom power in that regard may be conferred by the Board of Directors. 

Section 8. Chairman of the Board of Directors: The Chairman of the Board of Directors, if any, shall be a director and shall
preside at all meetings of the stockholders and the Board of Directors, and shall have such power and perform such duties as may from time to time be assigned to him by the Board of Directors. 

-6- 

Section 9. Chief Executive Officer: In the absence of the Chairman of the Board
of Directors, or if there be none, the Chief Executive Officer shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and the Board of Directors. He shall have power to call special meetings of the stockholders or of the Board of Directors at any time.
He shall be the chief executive officer of the Corporation, and shall have the general direction of the business, affairs and property of the Corporation, and of its several officers, and shall have and exercise all such powers and discharge such
duties as usually pertain to the office of Chief Executive Officer. 

Section 10. Vice-Presidents: The vice-president, or
vice-presidents if there is more than one, shall, subject to the direction of the Board of Directors, at the request of the President or in his absence, or in case of his inability to perform his duties from any cause, perform the duties of the
President, and, when so acting, shall have all the powers of, and be subject to all restrictions upon, the Chief Executive Officer. The vice-presidents shall also perform such other duties as may be assigned to them by the Board of Directors, and
the Board of Directors may determine the order of priority among them. 

Section 11. Secretary: The Secretary shall perform
such duties as are incident to the office of Secretary, or as may from time to time be assigned to him by the Board of Directors, or as are prescribed by these By-laws.

Section 12. Treasurer: The Treasurer shall perform such duties and have powers as are usually incident to the office of Treasurer
or which may be assigned to him by the Board of Directors. 

ARTICLE VI. 

CAPITAL STOCK. 

Section 1.
Issue of Certificates of Stock: The certificate for shares of capital stock of the Corporation may be certificated or uncertificated, as provided under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, and the Board of Directors may
provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of any or all classes or series of the capital stock of the Corporation shall be uncertificated shares. To the extent that the shares of the capital stock are certificated with physical stock
certificates, they shall be numbered in the order of their issue and shall be signed by the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer or one of the vice-presidents, and the Secretary or
an assistant secretary or the treasurer or an assistant treasurer (or, in the absence of such persons, any other officer of the Corporation), and the seal of the Corporation or a facsimile thereof shall be impressed or affixed or reproduced thereon,
provided, however, that where such certificates are signed by a transfer agent or an assistant transfer agent or by a transfer clerk acting on behalf of the Corporation and a registrar, the signature of any such Chairman of the Board of Directors,
Chief Executive Officer, vice-president, Secretary, assistant secretary, treasurer, assistant treasurer or other officer may be facsimile. In case any officer or officers who shall have signed, or whose
facsimile signature or signatures shall have been used on any such certificate or certificates shall cease to be such officer or officers of the Corporation, whether because of death, resignation or otherwise, before such certificate or certificates
shall have been delivered by the Corporation, such certificate or certificates may nevertheless be adopted by the Corporation and be issued and delivered as though the person or persons who signed such certificate or certificates, or whose facsimile
signature or signatures shall have been used thereon have not ceased to be such officer or officers of the Corporation. 

-7- 

Section 2. Registration and Transfer of Shares: The name of each person owning a
share of the capital stock of the Corporation shall be entered on the books of the Corporation together with the number of shares held by him, her or it, the numbers of the certificates, if any, covering such shares and the dates of acquisition of
such shares. The shares of stock of the Corporation held in certificated form shall be transferable on the books of the Corporation by the holders thereof in person, or by their duly authorized attorneys or legal representatives, on surrender and
cancellation of certificates for a like number of shares, accompanied by an assignment or power of transfer endorsed thereon or attached thereto, duly executed, and with such proof of the authenticity of the signature as the Corporation or its
agents may reasonably require. The shares of stock of the Corporation that are not held in certificated form shall be transferable on the books of the Corporation by the holders thereof in person, or by their duly authorized attorneys or legal
representatives, on delivery of an assignment or power of transfer. A record shall be made of each transfer. 

The Board of Directors may
make other and further rules and regulations concerning the transfer and registration of certificates for stock and may appoint a transfer agent or registrar or both and may require all certificates of stock to bear the signature of either or both.

Section 3. Lost, Destroyed and Mutilated Certificates: The holder of any stock of the Corporation held in certificated form
shall immediately notify the Corporation of any loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of the certificates therefor. The Corporation may issue a new certificate of stock in the place of any certificate theretofore issued by it and alleged to have
been lost, stolen or destroyed, and the Board of Directors may, in its discretion, require the owner of the lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, or the owners legal representatives, to give the Corporation a bond, in such sum not exceeding
double the value of the stock and with such surety or sureties as they may require, to indemnify it against any claim that may be made against it by reason of the issue of such new certificate and against all other liability in the premises, or may
remit such owner to such remedy or remedies as he may have under the laws of the State of Delaware. 

ARTICLE VII. 

DIVIDENDS, SURPLUS, ETC. 

Section 1. General Discretion of Directors: The Board of Directors shall have power to fix and vary the amount to be set aside or
reserved as working capital of the Corporation, or as reserves, or for other proper purposes of the Corporation, and, subject to the requirements of the Certificate of Incorporation, to determine whether any, if any, part of the surplus or net
profits of the Corporation shall be declared as dividends and paid to the stockholders, and to fix the date or dates for the payment of dividends. 

ARTICLE VIII. 

MISCELLANEOUS
PROVISIONS. 

Section 1. Fiscal Year: The fiscal year of the Corporation shall commence on the first day of January and end on
the last day of December. 

-8- 

Section 2. Corporate Seal: The corporate seal shall be in such form as approved
by the Board of Directors and may be altered at their pleasure. The corporate seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or reproduced or otherwise. 

Section 3. Notices: Except as otherwise expressly provided, any notice required by these
By-laws to be given shall be sufficient if given by depositing the same in a post office or letter box in a sealed postpaid wrapper addressed to the person entitled thereto at his address, as the same appears
upon the books of the Corporation, or by sending via facsimile, telegraphing, cabling, or electronic mailing the same to such person at such addresses; and such notice shall be deemed to be given at the time it is mailed, sent via facsimile,
telegraphed, cabled or electronically mailed. 

Section 4. Waiver of Notice: Any stockholder or director may at any time, by
writing, telegraph, cable, electronic mail or other electronic means, waive any notice required to be given under these By-laws, and if any stockholder or director shall be present at any meeting his presence
shall constitute a waiver of such notice. 

Section 5. Checks, Drafts, etc.: All checks, drafts or other orders for the payment
of money, notes or other evidences of indebtedness issued in the name of the Corporation, shall be signed by such officer or officers, agent or agents of the Corporation, and in such manner, as shall from time to time be designated by resolution of
the Board of Directors. 

Section 6. Deposits: All funds of the Corporation shall be deposited from time to time to the credit
of the Corporation in such bank or banks, trust companies or other depositories as the Board of Directors may select, and, for the purpose of such deposit, checks, drafts, warrants and other orders for the payment of money which are payable to the
order of the Corporation, may be endorsed for deposit, assigned and delivered by any officer of the Corporation, or by such agents of the Corporation as the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer may authorize for that purpose. 

Section 7. Voting Stock of Other Corporations: Except as otherwise ordered by the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer
or the treasurer shall have full power and authority on behalf of the Corporation to attend and to act and to vote at any meeting of the stockholders of any corporation of which the Corporation is a stockholder and to execute a proxy to any other
person to represent the Corporation at any such meeting, and at any such meeting the Chief Executive Officer or the treasurer or the holder of any such proxy, as the case may be, shall possess and may exercise any and all rights and powers incident
to ownership of such stock and which, as owner thereof, the Corporation might have possessed and exercised if present. The Board of Directors may from time to time confer like powers upon any other person or persons. 

-9- 

ARTICLE IX. 

INDEMNIFICATION. 

Section 1.
Definitions. For purposes of this Article IX: 

(a) Corporate Status describes the status of a person who is
serving or has served (i) as a Director of the Corporation, (ii) as an Officer of the Corporation, (iii) as a Non-Officer Employee of the Corporation, or (iv) as a director, partner,
trustee, officer, employee or agent of any other corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan, foundation, association, organization or other legal entity which such person is or was serving at the
request of the Corporation. For purposes of this Section 1(a), a Director, Officer or Non-Officer Employee of the Corporation who is serving or has served as a director, partner, trustee, officer,
employee or agent of a Subsidiary shall be deemed to be serving at the request of the Corporation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Corporate Status shall not include the status of a person who is serving or has served as a director,
officer, employee or agent of a constituent corporation absorbed in a merger or consolidation transaction with the Corporation with respect to such persons activities prior to said transaction, unless specifically authorized by the Board of
Directors or the stockholders of the Corporation; 

(b) DGCL means the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware;

(c) Director means any person who serves or has served the Corporation as a director on the Board of Directors of the
Corporation; 

(d) Disinterested Director means, with respect to each Proceeding in respect of which indemnification is
sought hereunder, a Director of the Corporation who is not and was not a party to such Proceeding; 

(e) Expenses means
all attorneys fees, retainers, court costs, transcript costs, fees of expert witnesses, private investigators and professional advisors (including, without limitation, accountants and investment bankers), travel expenses, duplicating costs,
printing and binding costs, costs of preparation of demonstrative evidence and other courtroom presentation aids and devices, costs incurred in connection with document review, organization, imaging and computerization, telephone charges, postage,
delivery service fees, and all other disbursements, costs or expenses of the type customarily incurred in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, being or preparing to be a witness in, settling or
otherwise participating in, a Proceeding; 

(f) Liabilities means judgments, damages, liabilities, losses, penalties,
excise taxes, fines and amounts paid in settlement; 

(g) Non-Officer Employee
means any person who serves or has served as an employee or agent of the Corporation, but who is not or was not a Director or Officer; 

(h) Officer means any person who serves or has served the Corporation as an officer of the Corporation appointed by the
Board of Directors of the Corporation; 

(i) Proceeding means any threatened, pending or completed action, suit,
arbitration, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, inquiry, investigation, administrative hearing or other proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, arbitrative or investigative; and 

-10- 

(j) Subsidiary shall mean any corporation, partnership, limited liability
company, joint venture, trust or other entity of which the Corporation owns (either directly or through or together with another Subsidiary of the Corporation) either (i) a general partner, managing member or other similar interest or
(ii) (A) fifty percent (50%) or more of the voting power of the voting capital equity interests of such corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture or other entity, or (B) fifty percent (50%) or more of the
outstanding voting capital stock or other voting equity interests of such corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture or other entity. 

Section 2. Indemnification of Directors and Officers. 

(a) Subject to the operation of Section 4 of this Article IX, each Director and Officer shall be indemnified and held harmless by the
Corporation to the fullest extent authorized by the DGCL, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended (but, in the case of any such amendment, only to the extent that such amendment permits the Corporation to provide broader indemnification
rights than such law permitted the Corporation to provide prior to such amendment), and to the extent authorized in this Section 2. 

(i) 

Actions, Suits and Proceedings Other than By or In the Right of the Corporation. Each Director and
Officer shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Corporation against any and all Expenses and Liabilities that are incurred or paid by such Director or Officer or on such Directors or Officers behalf in connection with any
Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein (other than an action by or in the right of the Corporation), which such Director or Officer is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or participant in by reason of such Directors or
Officers Corporate Status, if such Director or Officer acted in good faith and in a manner such Director or Officer reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation and, with respect to any criminal
proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful. 

(ii) 

Actions, Suits and Proceedings By or In the Right of the Corporation. Each Director and Officer shall be
indemnified and held harmless by the Corporation against any and all Expenses that are incurred by such Director or Officer or on such Directors or Officers behalf in connection with any Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein
by or in the right of the Corporation, which such Director or Officer is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or participant in by reason of such Directors or Officers Corporate Status, if such Director or Officer acted in good faith
and in a manner such Director or Officer reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation; provided, however, that no indemnification shall be made under this Section 2(a)(ii) in respect of any claim, issue
or matter as to which such Director or Officer shall have been finally adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction to be liable to the Corporation, unless, and only to the extent that, the Court of Chancery or another court in which such
Proceeding was brought shall determine upon application that, despite adjudication of liability, but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such Director or Officer is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification for such Expenses that
such court deems proper. 

-11- 

(iii) 

Survival of Rights. The rights of indemnification provided by this Section 2 shall continue as to a
Director or Officer after he or she has ceased to be a Director or Officer and shall inure to the benefit of his or her heirs, executors, administrators and personal representatives. 

(iv) 

Actions by Directors or Officers. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Corporation shall indemnify any
Director or Officer seeking indemnification in connection with a Proceeding initiated by such Director or Officer only if such Proceeding (including any parts of such Proceeding not initiated by such Director or Officer) was authorized in advance by
the Board of Directors of the Corporation, unless such Proceeding was brought to enforce such Officers or Directors rights to indemnification or, in the case of Directors, advancement of Expenses under these By-laws in accordance with the provisions set forth herein. 

Section 3.
Indemnification of Non-Officer Employees. Subject to the operation of Section 4 of this Article IX, each Non-Officer Employee may, in the discretion of the
Board of Directors of the Corporation, be indemnified by the Corporation to the fullest extent authorized by the DGCL, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended, against any or all Expenses and Liabilities that are incurred by such Non-Officer Employee or on such Non-Officer Employees behalf in connection with any threatened, pending or completed Proceeding, or any claim, issue or matter therein,
which such Non-Officer Employee is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or participant in by reason of such Non-Officer Employees Corporate Status, if such Non-Officer Employee acted in good faith and in a manner such Non-Officer Employee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation and,
with respect to any criminal proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful. The rights of indemnification provided by this Section 3 shall exist as to a Non-Officer
Employee after he or she has ceased to be a Non-Officer Employee and shall inure to the benefit of his or her heirs, personal representatives, executors and administrators. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
Corporation may indemnify any Non-Officer Employee seeking indemnification in connection with a Proceeding initiated by such Non-Officer Employee only if such Proceeding
was authorized in advance by the Board of Directors of the Corporation. 

Section 4. Determination. Unless ordered by a court,
no indemnification shall be provided pursuant to this Article IX to a Director, to an Officer or to a Non-Officer Employee unless a determination shall have been made that such person acted in good faith and
in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation and, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, such person had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful. Such
determination shall be made by (a) a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum of the Board of Directors, (b) a committee comprised of Disinterested Directors, such committee having been designated by a
majority vote of the Disinterested Directors (even though less than a quorum), (c) if there are no such Disinterested Directors, or if a majority of Disinterested Directors so directs, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion, or
(d) by the stockholders of the Corporation. 

-12- 

Section 5. Advancement of Expenses to Directors Prior to Final Disposition. 

(a) The Corporation shall advance all Expenses incurred by or on behalf of any Director in connection with any Proceeding in which such
Director is involved by reason of such Directors Corporate Status within thirty (30) days after the receipt by the Corporation of a written statement from such Director requesting such advance or advances from time to time, whether prior
to or after final disposition of such Proceeding. Such statement or statements shall reasonably evidence the Expenses incurred by such Director and shall be preceded or accompanied by an undertaking by or on behalf of such Director to repay any
Expenses so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined that such Director is not entitled to be indemnified against such Expenses. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Corporation shall advance all Expenses incurred by or on behalf of any Director
seeking advancement of expenses hereunder in connection with a Proceeding initiated by such Director only if such Proceeding (including any parts of such Proceeding not initiated by such Director) was (i) authorized by the Board of Directors of
the Corporation, or (ii) brought to enforce such Directors rights to indemnification or advancement of Expenses under these By-laws.

(b) If a claim for advancement of Expenses hereunder by a Director is not paid in full by the Corporation within thirty (30) days after
receipt by the Corporation of documentation of Expenses and the required undertaking, such Director may at any time thereafter bring suit against the Corporation to recover the unpaid amount of the claim and if successful in whole or in part, such
Director shall also be entitled to be paid the expenses of prosecuting such claim. The failure of the Corporation (including its Board of Directors or any committee thereof, independent legal counsel, or stockholders) to make a determination
concerning the permissibility of such advancement of Expenses under this Article IX shall not be a defense to an action brought by a Director for recovery of the unpaid amount of an advancement claim and shall not create a presumption that such
advancement is not permissible. The burden of proving that a Director is not entitled to an advancement of expenses shall be on the Corporation. 

(c) In any suit brought by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the Corporation
shall be entitled to recover such expenses upon a final adjudication that the Director has not met any applicable standard for indemnification set forth in the DGCL. 

Section 6. Advancement of Expenses to Officers and Non-Officer Employees Prior to Final
Disposition. 

(a) The Corporation may, at the discretion of the Board of Directors of the Corporation, advance any or all Expenses
incurred by or on behalf of any Officer or any Non-Officer Employee in connection with any Proceeding in which such person is involved by reason of his or her Corporate Status as an Officer or Non-Officer Employee upon the receipt by the Corporation of a statement or statements from such Officer or Non-Officer Employee requesting such advance or advances from time
to time, whether prior to or after final disposition of such Proceeding. Such statement or statements shall reasonably evidence the Expenses incurred by such Officer or Non-Officer Employee and shall be
preceded or accompanied by an undertaking by or on behalf of such person to repay any Expenses so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined that such Officer or Non-Officer Employee is not entitled to be
indemnified against such Expenses. 

-13- 

(b) In any suit brought by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to
the terms of an undertaking, the Corporation shall be entitled to recover such expenses upon a final adjudication that the Officer or Non-Officer Employee has not met any applicable standard for
indemnification set forth in the DGCL. 

Section 7. Contractual Nature of Rights. 

(a) The provisions of this Article IX shall be deemed to be a contract between the Corporation and each Director and Officer entitled to the
benefits hereof at any time while this Article IX is in effect, in consideration of such persons past or current and any future performance of services for the Corporation. Neither amendment, repeal or modification of any provision of this
Article IX nor the adoption of any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation inconsistent with this Article IX shall eliminate or reduce any right conferred by this Article IX in respect of any act or omission occurring, or any cause of action
or claim that accrues or arises or any state of facts existing, at the time of or before such amendment, repeal, modification or adoption of an inconsistent provision (even in the case of a proceeding based on such a state of facts that is commenced
after such time), and all rights to indemnification and advancement of Expenses granted herein or arising out of any act or omission shall vest at the time of the act or omission in question, regardless of when or if any proceeding with respect to
such act or omission is commenced. The rights to indemnification and to advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this Article IX shall continue notwithstanding that the person has ceased to be a director or officer of the
Corporation and shall inure to the benefit of the estate, heirs, executors, administrators, legatees and distributes of such person. 

(b)
If a claim for indemnification hereunder by a Director or Officer is not paid in full by the Corporation within sixty (60) days after receipt by the Corporation of a written claim for indemnification, such Director or Officer may at any time
thereafter bring suit against the Corporation to recover the unpaid amount of the claim, and if successful in whole or in part, such Director or Officer shall also be entitled to be paid the expenses of prosecuting such claim. The failure of the
Corporation (including its Board of Directors or any committee thereof, independent legal counsel, or stockholders) to make a determination concerning the permissibility of such indemnification under this Article IX shall not be a defense to an
action brought by a Director or Officer for recovery of the unpaid amount of an indemnification claim and shall not create a presumption that such indemnification is not permissible. The burden of proving that a Director or Officer is not entitled
to indemnification shall be on the Corporation. 

(c) In any suit brought by a Director or Officer to enforce a right to indemnification
hereunder, it shall be a defense that such Director or Officer has not met any applicable standard for indemnification set forth in the DGCL. 

Section 8. Non-Exclusivity of Rights. The rights to indemnification and to advancement of
Expenses set forth in this Article IX shall not be exclusive of any other right which any Director, Officer, or Non-Officer Employee may have or hereafter acquire under any statute, provision of the
Certificate of Incorporation or these By-laws, agreement, vote of stockholders or Disinterested Directors or otherwise. 

-14- 

Section 9. Insurance. The Corporation may maintain insurance, at its expense, to
protect itself and any Director, Officer or Non-Officer Employee against any liability of any character asserted against or incurred by the Corporation or any such Director, Officer or Non-Officer Employee, or arising out of any such persons Corporate Status, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such liability under the DGCL or the provisions
of this Article IX. 

Section 10. Other Indemnification. The Corporations obligation, if any, to indemnify or provide
advancement of Expenses to any person under this Article IX as a result of such person serving, at the request of the Corporation, as a director, partner, trustee, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust,
employee benefit plan or other enterprise shall be reduced by any amount such person may collect as indemnification or advancement of Expenses from such other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or enterprise (the
Primary Indemnitor). Any indemnification or advancement of Expenses under this Article IX owed by the Corporation as a result of a person serving, at the request of the Corporation, as a director, partner, trustee, officer,
employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise shall only be in excess of, and shall be secondary to, the indemnification or advancement of Expenses available from the
applicable Primary Indemnitor(s) and any applicable insurance policies. 

ARTICLE X. 

AMENDMENTS. 

The Board of
Directors shall have the power to make, rescind, alter, amend and repeal these By-laws, provided, however, that the stockholders shall have power to rescind, alter, amend or repeal any By-laws made by the Board of Directors, and to enact By-laws which if so expressed shall not be rescinded, altered, amended or repealed by the Board of Directors. No change of
the time or place for the annual meeting of the stockholders for the election of directors shall be made except in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware. 

* * * * * 

-15-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>bcov-20250204.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>bcov-20250204_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 
Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>bcov-20250204_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Feb. 04, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name BRIGHTCOVE INC

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001313275

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Feb. 04, 2025

Entity File Number 001-35429

Entity Tax Identification Number 20-1579162

Entity Address, Address Line One 281 Summer Street

Entity Address, City or Town Boston

Entity Address, State or Province MA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 02210

City Area Code (888)

Local Phone Number 882-1880

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share

Trading Symbol BCOV

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.brightcove.com//20250204/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

bcov-20250204.xsd 
bcov-20250204_lab.xml 
bcov-20250204_pre.xml 
d925360d8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-019685-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>d925360d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001313275 

2025-02-04 
2025-02-04 

BRIGHTCOVE INC 
DE 
false 
0001313275 
--12-31 
8-K 
2025-02-04 
001-35429 
20-1579162 
281 Summer Street 
Boston 
MA 
02210 
(888) 
882-1880 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 
BCOV 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>