<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001641172-25-003268.txt : 20250408
<SEC-HEADER>0001641172-25-003268.hdr.sgml : 20250408
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250408172008
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001641172-25-003268
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250402
ITEM INFORMATION:		Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250408
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250408

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AMMO, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001015383
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ORDNANCE & ACCESSORIES, (NO VEHICLES/GUIDED MISSILES) [3480]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		EIN:				300957912
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13101
		FILM NUMBER:		25822998

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7681 E. GRAY RD
		STREET 2:		SCOTTSDALE
		CITY:			SCOTTSDALE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85260
		BUSINESS PHONE:		480-947-0001

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7681 E. GRAY RD
		STREET 2:		SCOTTSDALE
		CITY:			SCOTTSDALE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85260

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	RETROSPETTIVA INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970602
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000101538300010153832025-04-022025-04-020001015383POWW:CommonStock0.001ParValueMember2025-04-022025-04-020001015383POWW:Sec8.75SeriesCumulativeRedeemablePerpetualPreferredStock0.001ParValueMember2025-04-022025-04-02iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
DC 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): April 2, 2025

AMMO,
INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-13101 83-1950534

(State
or other jurisdiction of

incorporation
or organization) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(IRS
Employer

Identification
No.)

7681
E. Gray Rd.

Scottsdale,
Arizona85260

(Address
of principal executive offices)

(480)947-0001

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code)

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, $0.001 par value POWW The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq Capital Market)

8.75%
Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value POWWP The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq Capital Market)

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
3.01 Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing.

On
April 2, 2025, AMMO, Inc. (the Company) received an additional deficiency notification letter (the Notice)
from the Listing Qualifications Staff of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq). The Notice indicated that
the Company was not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5620(a) (the Listing Rule) as a result of the
Companys failure to hold an annual meeting of stockholders within twelve months of the end of the Companys fiscal year
ended March 31, 2024. The Listing Rule requires that a Nasdaq-listed company hold an annual meeting of shareholders no later than one
year after the end of the companys fiscal year end.

The
Company has until May 19, 2025 to submit a plan to regain compliance with the Listing Rule (the Plan). The
Company intends to timely submit the Plan. Pursuant to the Notice, if Nasdaq accepts the Plan, Nasdaq has the discretion to grant the
Company an exception of up to 180 calendar days (the Compliance Period) from the end of the Companys
fiscal year ended March 31, 2025, or until September 29, 2025, to regain compliance with the Listing Rule.

No
assurance can be given that the Company will be able to regain compliance with the Listing Rule or maintain compliance with the other
continued listing requirements set forth in the Nasdaq Listing Rules. If the Company does not regain compliance with the Listing Rule
within the Compliance Period, Nasdaq could provide notice that the Companys securities will become subject to delisting. If the
Company receives notice that its securities are being delisted, Nasdaq rules permit the Company to appeal any delisting determination
by Nasdaq staff to a hearings panel.

The
Notice has no immediate effect on the listing of the Companys common stock or preferred stock on Nasdaq.

Item
5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of
Certain Officers.

On
April 4, 2025, Fred W. Wagenhals delivered notice to the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board) of
his resignation from his position as the Executive Chairman of the Company and as Chairman of the Board, effective immediately. Mr. Wagenhalss
resignation from the Board was not in connection with any disagreement with the Company on any matter relating to the Companys
operations, policies or practices. As a result of Mr. Wagenhalss resignation and pursuant to the Separation Agreement (defined
below), Mr. Wagenhalss amended and restated employment agreement (the Wagenhals Employment Agreement)
with the Company terminated, except for certain customary surviving provisions, including confidentiality, non-competition and non-solicitation
covenants.

On
April 8, 2025, in connection with Mr. Wagenhalss resignation, the Company and Mr. Wagenhals entered into an Executive Separation
Agreement (the Separation Agreement), effective April 4, 2025 (the Separation Date),
pursuant to which Mr. Wagenhals is, subject to his release of certain claims in favor of the Company (the ADEA Release),
entitled to receive certain separation benefits, including: (i) payment of all compensation and benefits to which Mr. Wagenhals is legally
entitled under the Wagenhals Employment Agreement through the Separation Date; (ii) a cash separation payment equal to $700,000 (the
Cash Severance Payment), consisting of (a) a lump sum payment of $300,000 (an amount equal to nine months
of Mr. Wagenhalss annual base salary) and (b) an aggregate of $400,000 (an amount equal to 12 months of Mr. Wagenhalss
annual base salary) to be paid in substantially equal installments in accordance with the Companys normal payroll practices, which
Cash Severance Payment will commence on the Companys first payroll date that occurs within a 15-day period following the Companys
receipt of the ADEA Release (the ADEA Effective Date); (iii) reimbursement for all reimbursable expenses
due to Mr. Wagenhals under the Wagenhals Employment Agreement as of the Separation Date; and (iv) a lump sum payment equal to the value
of Mr. Wagenhalss accrued and unused vacation and paid time off balance as of the Separation Date (collectively, the Separation
Compensation).

As
consideration for the separation benefits provided in the Separation Agreement, Mr. Wagenhals agreed to, among other things, a general
release of claims in favor of the Company and to comply with customary confidentiality and non-disparagement covenants following his
resignation.

The
foregoing description of the Separation Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the
full text of the Separation Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated
by reference herein.

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits.

Exhibit

Number Description

10.1

Executive Separation Agreement, dated April 8, 2025, by and between AMMO, Inc. and Fred W. Wagenhals.

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

AMMO,
INC.

Dated:
April 8, 2025 By: /s/
Jared R. Smith

Jared
R. Smith

Chief
Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

EXECUTIVE
SEPARATION AGREEMENT

This
SEPARATION AGREEMENT (Agreement) is entered into as of April 8, 2025 (the Execution
Date) by and among AMMO, Inc., a Delaware corporation headquartered at 7681 E. Gray Rd in Scottsdale, Arizona (the Company),
and the Companys Executive Chairman, Fred Wagenhals, an individual (Executive). The Company and Executive
are hereafter referred to collectively as the Parties and individually as a Party.
Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings assigned in the Employment Agreement (defined
below).

RECITALS

WHEREAS,
the Company and Executive entered into an employment agreement dated January 1, 2022, pursuant to which Executive agreed to serve as
the Companys Chief Executive Officer (CEO);

WHEREAS,
on July 24, 2023, the Parties thereafter entered into an Amended and Restated Employment Agreement (hereinafter, the Employment
Agreement), pursuant to which Executive agreed to serve as the Companys Executive Chairman (Executive
Chairman); and

WHEREAS,
the Parties wish to modify and ultimately end their relationship under the Employment Agreement in the following manner.

AGREEMENT

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements set forth hereinafter, and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:

1. Separation.

a. The
Parties wish to end their relationship in accordance with Section 3.3 of the Employment Agreement, and Executive will resign from
his role as the Companys Executive Chairman and as Chairman of the Board of Directors (the Separation),
which shall be considered effective as of April 4, 2025 (the Separation Date). Executive shall execute
all documents and take such further steps as may be required to effectuate such Separation, including executing the notice of resignation
attached as Exhibit A. Executive agrees that he shall not execute any documents, make any representations, or take
any other actions, on behalf of the Company after the Separation Date except as expressly requested by the Board or the Companys
General Counsel in writing. The Company will pay Executive all earned and unpaid wages through the Separation Date, minus lawful
taxes and withholdings, within the time period required by applicable law.

b. Executive
agrees that all compensation, equity, bonuses, commissions, monies, paid time off, vacation and benefits which relate to his employment
with the Company shall cease as of the Separation Date and that except as specifically set forth in this Agreement, Executive is
not entitled to any additional payments from the Company. 

EXECUTIVE SEPARATION AGREEMENT Page 1

c. Before
and after the Separation Date, Executive shall take any and all actions as reasonably requested by the Company in order to efficiently
effect the Separation and facilitate the transfer of duties to Executives successor, including, but not limited to:

i. sharing
electronic and physical access to all resources necessary to perform Executives duties; 

ii. introducing
Executives successor to banking partners and investor contacts;

iii. transferring
access to all of the Companys books and records;

iv. sharing
access codes for EDGAR filings;

v. transferring
or updating signatory authority on the Companys financial accounts;

vi. returning
all Company property; and 

vii. executing
additional documents necessary to complete the Separation.

d. The
Parties hereby waive any requirement by the Company to provide Executive with sixty (60)
days prior written notice of termination of employment pursuant to Section 3.3
of the Employment Agreement.

2. Separation
Compensation. Executive shall be entitled to the following salary and fringe benefits
for his role as Executive Chairman (collectively, the Separation Compensation),
provided that Executive timely executes and does not revoke his ADEA Claims (defined below),
and complies with the terms of this Agreement and all surviving provisions of any confidentiality
agreement by and between Executive and the Company:

a. Executive
shall continue to receive all compensation and benefits to which he is legally entitled under the Employment Agreement through the
Separation Date.

b. Compensation
Due Upon Separation. Subject to the provisions of Section 19 below, Executive shall be entitled to a payment of
$700,000, which reflects (i) a lump sum payment equal to $300,000 (an amount equal to nine months of Executives annual base
salary), and (ii) 12 months of Executives annual base salary of $400,000.00 as of the Separation Date, payable in substantially
equal installments in accordance with the Companys normal payroll practices ((i) and (ii) collectively, the Cash
Severance). Executive shall be eligible to receive the lump sum payment described in Section 2.b.(i),
and the installments described in Section 2.b.(ii) shall commence, on the Companys first payroll date that occurs
within fifteen (15) days of the ADEA Effective Date (defined below).

c. Executive
shall be entitled to a lump sum payment, payable within fifteen (15) days of the execution of this Agreement, equal to the value
of Executives accrued and unused vacation and paid time off balance as of the Separation Date.

d. Shares
and Options. Executive has been awarded, and has vested, in all stock compensation due him under Section 2.1 of the
Employment Agreement. No additional stock compensation shall be awarded or vested to Executive under this Agreement or
the Employment Agreement after the Separation Date. 

EXECUTIVE SEPARATION AGREEMENT Page 2

e. Subject
to the terms of this Section 2.f., irrespective of whether Executive signs this Agreement, the Company shall reimburse Executive
for all reimbursable expenses, if any, due to him under the Employment Agreement as of the Separation Date. Executive
shall, by the Separation Date, provide the Company with a list of such reimbursable expenses and the Company shall, assuming none
of the listed reimbursable expenses are in dispute, provide such reimbursement within fifteen (15) days of receipt. In the event
that any part of the reimbursable expenses is disputed by the Company, the Company shall only be required to provide reimbursement
for the expenses not in dispute in the manner provided above and the Parties shall use their reasonable best efforts to promptly
resolve any disputed reimbursement requests.

f. It
is expressly acknowledged and agreed by the Parties that the consideration payable to Executive provided in this Section 2
constitutes the full consideration to secure the general release of claims in Section 6 below. Except as set forth in
this Agreement, no additional consideration shall be owing by the Company to Executive in the form of severance, performance bonuses,
equity, stock payments, cash compensation, health or other benefits, expense reimbursement or otherwise. Except as otherwise
set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement is a full and complete settlement of any and all amounts claimed to be due and owing
by the Company to Executive.

3. Return
of Company Property. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the obligation
of the Company to provide the Separation Compensation is subject to Executive returning to
the Company by the Separation Date, any and all property of the Company in his possession,
including, but not limited to, security key cards, keys, corporate credit cards, computers,
corporate documents, corporate records and information, data, work product, identification
tags, Confidential Information, including Company trade secrets and inventions, customer
and supplier information, competitor information, cost information, marketing methods, product
pricing information, Company business plans and presentations, shareholder information, proprietary
software and other proprietary property of the Company that Executive has received as a result
of his employment by the Company. The foregoing includes, without limitation, all electronic
information (including passwords), e-mails, or hard-copies or drafts of documents relating
to or concerning Executives work at the Company. By executing this Agreement, Executive
represents and warrants, under penalty of perjury, that he has returned all of the Companys
property (including, but not limited to samples, ammunition, munition components, data, paper
and all copies or derivations thereof), by the Separation Date.

4. Representations.
Executive and the Company make the following representations, each of which is an important
consideration to the other Partys willingness to enter into this Agreement:

a. Executive
understands and agrees he has been advised to consult with an attorney of his choice concerning the legal consequences of this Agreement.
Executive hereby acknowledges that prior to signing this Agreement, he had the opportunity to consult with an attorney of his choosing
regarding the effect of each and every provision of this Agreement, including the general release of claims set forth in Section
6.

b. Executive
acknowledges and agrees that he knowingly and voluntarily entered into this Agreement with complete understanding of all relevant
facts, and that he was neither fraudulently induced nor coerced to enter into this Agreement.

c. Each
of the Parties represent and warrant to the other that they have the capacity and authority to enter into this Agreement and be bound
by its terms and that as of the Execution Date, this Agreement will constitute a valid and binding agreement of such Party enforceable
against such Party in accordance with its terms.

EXECUTIVE SEPARATION AGREEMENT Page 3

5. Covenants
of Confidentiality and Nondisclosure.

a. Executive acknowledges that, as a result of
his employment with the Company, he is in possession of confidential or proprietary information of special value to the Company. Executive
covenants and agrees that he shall not at any time, directly or indirectly, disclose, reveal, divulge or communicate to any person
other than authorized officers, directors, executives, and professional advisors of the Company, or use or otherwise exploit for his
own benefit or for the benefit of anyone other than the Company, any Confidential Information. Executive shall not have any obligation
to keep confidential any Confidential Information if and to the extent disclosure thereof is specifically required by applicable law;
provided, however, that in the event disclosure is required by applicable law, Executive shall, to the extent reasonably possible and
legally permissible, provide the Company with prompt notice of such requirement prior to making any disclosure so that the Company
may seek an appropriate protective order, at the Companys sole cost and expense. Confidential Information
means any confidential information with respect to the Company, including, without limitation, methods of operation, customer lists,
products, prices, fees, costs, technology, formulas, inventions, trade secrets, know-how, proprietary software, marketing methods,
plans, suppliers, competitors, markets or other specialized information or proprietary matters that is not otherwise in the public
domain or available to the public upon request or through publicly available research and discovery.

b. The negotiations in connection with this Agreement
were and are intended by the Parties to be confidential. No Party shall disclose or make any statements regarding such negotiations
or the circumstances surrounding this Agreement, or the terms and conditions hereof; provided, however, that the Parties agree and
acknowledge that the Company may, in its sole discretion, file this Agreement with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the
SEC) and that any legally required disclosure with respect to information contained in this Agreement shall
be permissible.

c. Notwithstanding any other provision of this
Agreement, Executive may disclose Confidential Information when required to do so by a court of competent jurisdiction, by any governmental
agency having authority over Executive or the business of the Company or by any administrative body or legislative body (including
a committee thereof) with jurisdiction to order Executive to divulge, disclose or make accessible such information. The Parties hereby
clarify and agree, and by executing this Agreement, Executive acknowledges, that no provision of this Agreement prohibits or otherwise
limits Executives ability to: (i) provide information in any form to or otherwise communicate with, including voluntarily, proactively,
or in response to subpoenas, court orders or other legal processes, any government agency, including but not limited to, the SEC, the
Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (the EEOC), any state human rights commission, the National Labor
Relations Board, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA), or any other federal, state
or local governmental or law enforcement agency (each a Government Agency), without notice to the Company;
(ii) file a charge or complaint with, or otherwise report possible violations of federal, state or local law or regulation to, any
Government Agency; (iii) make other disclosures that are protected under applicable law, including the whistleblower provisions of
federal, state or local law or regulation, to the extent applicable; (iv) testify, assist, or participate in an investigation, hearing,
or proceeding conducted by any Government Agency or court of competent jurisdiction. The Parties further agree that nothing in this
Agreement affects any eligibility that Executive may have to receive a whistleblower award or bounty for information provided to the
SEC or any other Government Agency or official.

e. Executive
agrees that he will use his best efforts to do and perform, or cause to be done and performed,
all such further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver all such other agreements,
certificates, instruments and documents, as the Company may reasonably request in order to
carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement, including with respect
to agreements, certificates, instruments and documents that he is required to deliver to
the Company in connection with this Agreement.

EXECUTIVE SEPARATION AGREEMENT Page 4

6. Release
of Claims.

a. Executive
on his own behalf and on behalf of his heirs, family members, executors, agents, assigns,
any firm, trust, corporation, partnership, investment vehicle, fund or other entity managed
or controlled by Executive or in which Executive has or had a controlling interest (the Executive
Releasors) acknowledges and agrees that the Separation Compensation represents
settlement in full of all outstanding obligations by and between Executive and the Company.
Executive hereby and forever releases the Company and its current, former and prospective
officers, directors, executives, agents, consultants, investors, attorneys, shareholders,
administrators, affiliates, subsidiaries, assigns, predecessors, successors, insurers, subrogees,
representatives, transferees, and any firm, trust, partnership, corporation, investment vehicle,
fund or other entity managed or controlled by the Company or in which the Company has or
had a controlling interest (the Company Releasees) and agrees
not to sue concerning, or in any manner to institute, prosecute, or pursue, any claim, complaint,
charge, duty, right, obligation, demand, or cause of action relating to any matters of any
kind, whether presently known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, that he may now have
or may hereafter have or claim to have against the Company Releasees arising from any omissions,
acts, facts, or damages that have occurred from the beginning of time through the Separation
Date, including the following:

i. any
and all claims relating to or arising from Executives employment relationship with the Company, including any and all claims
relating to or arising from the Employment Agreement;

ii. any
and all claims, whether based in contract, tort or alleged violations of any statute, known or unknown, that have been asserted,
or that could be asserted by the Executive Releasors against the Company Releasees, including but not limited to claims under any
federal, state or local laws such as the Americans with Disabilities Act, as amended, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964,
as amended, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act (hereinafter, the ADEA Claims), the Equal Pay Act,
the Family Medical Leave Act, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, the Uniform Services Employment and Re-Employment
Rights Act, the Lilly Ledbetter Act, Arizonas wage laws, the Arizona Employment Protection Act (AEPA), the Arizona Civil Rights
Act, the Arizona criminal code, Arizona equal pay laws, the Arizona Occupational Safety and Health Act, Arizona right-to-work laws,
Arizona employee drug testing laws, the Arizona Medical Marijuana Act, the Delaware Discrimination in Employment Act, the Delaware
Persons With Disabilities Employment Protection Act, the Delaware Whistleblowers Protection Act, the Delaware Wage Payment
and Collection Act, the Delaware Fair Employment Practices Act, the Delaware Volunteer Emergency Responders Job Protection Act, and
Delawares social media law, all as amended and including all of their respective implementing regulations, or any other federal,
state or local statute, regulation or ordinance;

iii. any
and all claims against the Company Releasees for wrongful discharge of employment; constructive discharge; termination in violation
of public policy; discrimination; harassment; retaliation; breach of contract, both express and implied; breach of covenant of good
faith and fair dealing, both express and implied; promissory estoppel; negligent or intentional infliction of emotional distress;
fraud; negligent or intentional misrepresentation; negligent or intentional interference with contract or prospective economic advantage;
unfair business practices; defamation; libel; slander; negligence; personal injury; assault; battery; invasion of privacy; false
imprisonment; conversion; and disability benefits;

iv. any
claims against the Company Releasees for any loss, cost, damage, or expense arising out of any dispute over the non-withholding or
other tax treatment of any of the proceeds received by Executive as a result of this Agreement or the Employment Agreement, including,
but not limited to any claims for violations of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code);

v. any
and all claims for attorneys fees and costs, except as otherwise expressly provided herein; and

vi. any
and all claims based upon discovered facts in addition to or different from those that Executive or any Executive Releasor now knows
or believes to be true, or the claims or other legal forms of action released herein, and Executive fully, finally, and forever settles
and releases any and all claims set forth above, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, contingent or non-contingent, whether
or not concealed or hidden, that now exist, or heretofore have existed upon any theory of law or equity now existing or coming into
existence in the future, including, but not limited to, conduct that is negligent, reckless, intentional, with or without malice,
or a breach of any duty, law or rule, without regard to the subsequent discovery or existence of such different or additional facts. 

EXECUTIVE SEPARATION AGREEMENT Page 5

b. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, Executive does not release the Company from or waive or discharge his rights to payments under this Agreement. 

c. Executive
acknowledges that the inclusion of unknown claims in this Agreement was separately bargained for and was a key element
of the Agreement, and that he assumes the risk of any mistake of fact or law. If Executive should subsequently discover
that his understanding of the facts or of the law was or is incorrect, he shall not be entitled to relief in connection therewith,
including without limitation of the generality of the foregoing, any alleged right or claim to set aside or rescind this Agreement. This
Agreement is intended to be, and is, final and binding upon Executive according to the terms hereof regardless of any claims of mistake
of fact or law.

d. Executive
agrees that the release set forth in this Section 6 shall be and remain in effect in all respects as a complete general release
as to the matters released. This release does not extend to any obligations incurred under this Agreement and does not
release claims that cannot be released as a matter of law, claims for indemnification (under the Companys bylaws, certificate
of incorporation, the terms of this Agreement or otherwise) or directors and officers liability insurance, or any claims or
rights to vested benefits, such as pension or retirement benefits, or the right to seek continuation of health coverage under COBRA. Executive
represents that he has made no assignment or transfer of any right, claim, complaint, charge, duty, obligation, demand, cause of
action, or other matter waived or released by this Section 6.

7. Non-Disparagement.
Executive agrees that he will not at any time, directly or indirectly, in any capacity
or manner, make, express, transmit speak, write, verbalize or otherwise communicate in any
way (or cause, further, assist, solicit, encourage, support or participate in any of the
foregoing), any remark, comment, message, information, declaration, communication or other
statement of any kind, whether verbal, in writing, electronically transferred or otherwise,
that might reasonably be construed to be derogatory, critical or negative toward, or harm
the Company. Executive hereby agrees and acknowledges that each of the Company Releasees
is a third-party beneficiary of this Section 7 and hereby consents to any such Company
Releasees standing with respect to a claim arising out of their non-disparagement
obligations to such Company Releasees contained in this Section 7. The Company agrees
to direct its directors and officers not to at any time, directly or indirectly, in any capacity
or manner, make, express, transmit speak, write, verbalize or otherwise communicate in any
way (or cause, further, assist, solicit, encourage, support or participate in any of the
foregoing), any remark, comment, message, information, declaration, communication or other
statement of any kind, whether verbal, in writing, electronically transferred or otherwise,
that might reasonably be construed to be derogatory, critical or negative toward, or harm
Executive. In the event Executive or the Company has knowledge of the source of any statement
made that, if made by them, would violate this Section 7, they shall provide full
cooperation and assistance to the Company and Executive while it investigates such statement.
Nothing in this Section 7 is intended to interfere with Executives right to
engage in the conduct outlined in Section 5.c. of this Agreement.

EXECUTIVE SEPARATION AGREEMENT Page 6

8. Post-Separation
Cooperation. Executive agrees and covenants that, following the Separation Date,
he shall, to the extent requested by the Company, cooperate in good faith with the Company
to assist the Company in the pursuit or defense of (except if Executive is directly adverse
with respect to) any claim, administrative charge, or cause of action by or against the Company
as to which Executive, by virtue of his prior employment with the Company or any other position
that Executive held that was affiliated with or was held at the request of the Company, has
relevant knowledge or information, including by acting as the Companys representative
in any such proceeding and, without the necessity of a subpoena, providing truthful testimony
in any jurisdiction or forum. The Company shall reimburse Executive for his reasonable out-of-pocket
expenses incurred in compliance with this Section 8, provided such expenses are pre-approved
in writing by the Company.

9. Post-Separation
Non-Assistance. Executive agrees and covenants that, following the Separation Date,
he shall not voluntarily assist, support, or cooperate with, directly or indirectly, any
person or entity alleging or pursuing or defending against any allegation, claim, administrative
charge, or cause or action against any Company Releasee, including by providing testimony
or other information or documents, except under compulsion of law. Should Executive be compelled
to testify, nothing in this Agreement is intended or shall prohibit Executive from providing
complete and truthful testimony. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement,
this Agreement shall not be interpreted to preclude the Parties from making truthful statements
to any court or government agency pursuant to an official request by such government agency,
court order, or legally enforceable subpoena, or voluntarily cooperating with any federal,
state or local Government Agency, including the SEC. The Parties further agree that nothing
in this Section 9 is intended to interfere with Executives right to engage
in the conduct outlined in Section 5.c. of this Agreement.

10. Enforcement.
Because Executives services were special, unique, and extraordinary and because
Executive had access to Confidential Information, the Parties agree that money damages would
be an inadequate remedy for any breach of this Agreement. Therefore, in the event of a breach
or threatened breach of this Agreement, including the Surviving Obligations (defined below),
the Company, or any of its successors or assigns, shall be entitled to specific performance
and/or injunctive or other relief from a court of competent jurisdiction in order to enforce
or prevent any violations of, the provisions hereof (without the necessity of posting of
any bond or other security) because Executive acknowledges and agrees that substantial and
immediate damages are presumed, would be inflicted, and would be challenging to immediately
quantify.

11. Covenant
Not to Sue. Executive covenants and agrees that Executive will not now, or at any
time in the future, commence, maintain, prosecute, or participate in as a party, or permit
to be filed by any other person on Executives behalf or as a member of any alleged
class of persons, any action, suit, proceeding, claim, or complaint of any kind against any
of the Company Releasees with respect to any matter which arises from or relates to Executives
employment with the Company or the separation thereof or which is encompassed in the release
set forth in Section 6. Nothing in this Agreement prevents Executive from (i) filing
a claim to enforce the terms of this Agreement; (ii) filing for and receiving unemployment
compensation available under applicable state law, (iii) asserting a claim arising after
the Execution Date of this Agreement; or (iv) the conduct outlined in Section 5.c.
of this Agreement. Executive promises, however, never to seek or accept any damages, remedies
or other relief for Executive personally with respect to any claim released by this Agreement.
Regardless of anything in this Agreement, any prior agreement with the Company, and/or any
Company policy, nothing in this Agreement shall bar, impede or otherwise limit in any way
Executives ability to (i) seek or receive any monetary award or bounty from any Government
Agency, including but not limited to, the SEC, in connection with protected whistleblower
activity; (ii) provide information to any Government Agency in any form, voluntarily, proactively,
or in response to subpoenas, court orders or other processes, regarding possible violations
of federal law or regulation, in each case, without prior notice to or approval from the
Company.

EXECUTIVE SEPARATION AGREEMENT Page 7

12. Compliance
with Securities Law. The Parties agree and covenant that they shall fully comply
with all applicable federal and state securities law, including, but not limited to, making
any and all filings on a timely basis required under Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange
Act.

13. No
Admission of Liability. The Parties acknowledge and agree that any payments or benefits
provided to Executive under the terms of this Agreement do not constitute an admission by
the Company or any Company Releasee that they have violated any law or legal obligation with
respect to any aspect of Executives employment by the Company or separation therefrom,
or otherwise. If Executive does not accept this Agreement, this Agreement will not be admissible
for any purpose against the Company or any Company Releasee, and any payments or benefits
contemplated in this Agreement do not constitute (a) an admission of the truth or falsity
of any actual or potential claims; or (b) an acknowledgment or admission by the Company or
any Company Releasee of any fault or liability whatsoever to Executive.

14. No
Action. Executive affirms that by executing this Agreement, that he has not filed
any actions or charges against the Company or the Company Releasees in or with any federal,
state or local court or agency; provided, however, that nothing in this Section 14
prohibits or otherwise impedes Executives ability to file a charge or complaint or
fully cooperate (including providing documents or other information) with any Government
Agency, including the SEC, without notice to or approval from the Company. Executive further
agrees that, upon payment of the Separation Compensation, he will not personally recover
or attempt to recover monies from the Company or any of the Company Releasees with respect
to any claim released by this Agreement; provided, however nothing herein shall bar, impede
or otherwise limit in any way, Executives ability to receive any monetary award or
bounty from any Government Agency, including but not limited to, the SEC, in connection with
protected whistleblower activity.

15. Public
Disclosure. The Parties agree that within four (4) business days of execution of
this Agreement, the Company will file a Report on Form 8-K (the Form 8-K).
The Company will provide Executive with a draft of the language that pertains to Executive
in the Form 8-K and any related press release at least three (3) business days prior to such
disclosure. The Company will consider in good faith any comments that Executive may provide
as to its content and will provide Executive with a final version of the language that pertains
to Executive in the Form 8-K and any related press release prior to filing any public disclosure
on behalf of the Company.

EXECUTIVE SEPARATION AGREEMENT Page 8

16. Indemnification
and Insurance. The Company hereby confirms that the indemnification provisions contained
in Article IX of the Companys Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and
Article XIII of the Companys bylaws, as in effect on the Separation Date, will continue
to apply to Executive, subject to the terms and conditions specified therein, with respect
to any of Executives acts or omissions in Executives capacity as an officer
or executive of the Company. In addition, the Company agrees to indemnify Executive in connection
with any investigation conducted by a Government Agency arising from Executives employment
with the Company, including any ongoing investigations by any Government Agency as of the
Execution Date. This indemnification shall include legal fees, costs, and any penalty, fine,
or disgorgement imposed on Executive. The Parties acknowledge and agree that such indemnification
may exceed what is required under Delaware law.

17. Cooperation.
Executive agrees to reasonably cooperate with the Company concerning the transition of
any business matters or any litigation or regulatory matters in which Executive may have
relevant knowledge or information not to exceed ten (10) hours per week through and until
the date that is three (3) months following the Separation Date. Such cooperation will include,
without limitation, the following: (i) meeting and conferring, at a time mutually convenient
to the Parties, with the Companys designated management representative or outside
attorneys pertaining to any claim or litigation matter, including, without limitation, for
trial preparation purposes, answering questions, explaining factual situations, preparing
to testify; (ii) appearing for deposition or trial and providing truthful trial testimony
without the need to serve a subpoena for such appearance and testimony; and (iii) giving
truthful sworn statements to the Companys attorneys upon their request and, for purposes
of any deposition or trial testimony, adopting the Companys attorneys as Executives
own attorneys (unless there is a conflict of interest), and complying with their instructions
at deposition or trial.

18. Surviving
Obligations. Executive acknowledges and agrees that the following sections of the
Employment Agreement survive the termination of Executives employment relationship
with the Company for any reason, and continue in full force and effect according to their
respective terms: Section 2.5 (Clawback); Article IV (Restrictive Covenants)
and all sections therein; Article V (Property, Inventions and Patents) and
all sections therein; Section 6.5 (Governing Law; Arbitration); Section 6.6
(Wavier); Section 6.7 (Captions); Section 6.8 (Severability);
Section 6.9 (Construction); and Section 6.12 (Headings) (collectively,
the Surviving Obligations).

19. Forfeiture
of Payment.

a. Executive
acknowledges and agrees that, notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, in the event he breaches or threatens to breach
any of his obligations under this Agreement, including but not limited to those set forth in Sections 3, 5, 7, or 18
of this Agreement, he will forfeit his right to receive all Separation Compensation to the extent not theretofore paid to him
as of the date of such actual or threatened breach and, if already made as of the time of such actual or threatened breach, Executive
agrees that he will reimburse the Company immediately for the amount of such payments already received on an after-tax basis, except
for the sum of $1,000.00 (Release Consideration), which Executive agrees is sufficient consideration
for the release of claims in Section 6. The Company shall also be entitled to recover (x) attorneys
fees, expenses and costs the Company incurs in any action initiated as a result of Executives actual or threatened breach
of this Agreement; and (y) any and all other damages to which the Company may be entitled at law or in equity as a result
of Executives actual or threatened breach of this Agreement.

b. If
Executive is convicted, pleads nolo contendere, or enters a plea agreement for criminal activity involving fraud, larceny,
or embezzlement or intentional financial impropriety in connection with his employment with the Company, he will forfeit his right
to receive all Separation Compensation to the extent not theretofore paid to him as of the date of such charge and, if already made
as of the time such charge, Executive agrees that he will reimburse the Company immediately for the amount of such payments on a
pre-tax basis, except for the Release Consideration.

c. Executive
is subject to the Companys Compensation Recovery Policy (CRP), as required by Exchange Act Rule
10-D-1. Pursuant to the CRP, in the event the Company is required to prepare an Accounting Restatement, Executive may be required
to repay incentive compensation to the Company and that Company has the right to reduce amounts payable to Executive pursuant to
this Agreement by any amount Executive is required to repay the Company. The Parties agree that Executive is bound by the CRP and
nothing in this Agreement modifies the Parties rights, responsibilities, or obligations under the CRP.

EXECUTIVE SEPARATION AGREEMENT Page 9

20. Notices.
All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed
given when delivered by a recognized overnight courier to the respective Party at the following
addresses (or at such other address for a Party as shall be specified by like notice, provided
that a notice of change of address(es) shall be effective only from the date of its receipt
by the other Party):

if
to Executive, then to Executives personal and physical email addresses in the Companys records as of the date hereof:

Fred
Wagenhals

[
]

if
to the Company, then to:

AMMO,
Inc.

7681
E. Gray Road

Scottsdale,
AZ 85260

Attention:
Jordan Christensen General Counsel

Email:
jchristensen@ammoinc.com

21. Governing
Law; Waiver of Jury Trial. Section 6.5 of the Employment Agreement will apply to
this Agreement mutatis mutandis. THE PARTIES HEREBY WAIVE THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY
WITH RESPECT TO ANY CLAIM AGAINST ANY OF THE COMPANY RELEASEES OR THE EXECUTIVE RELEASORS,
INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY CLAIM FOR BREACH OR ENFORCEMENT OF THIS AGREEMENT.

22. Entirety
of Agreement. This Agreement, including the Surviving Obligations, contains the entire
understanding by and between the Parties and supersedes any and all prior agreements, understandings
and rights between them, whether such agreements, understandings, or rights were oral or
written, and all of which prior agreements, understandings, and rights are hereby definitively
terminated and of no further force or effect, except for those agreements executed in connection
with this Agreement. The Parties acknowledge and represent that they have not relied on any
statements, agreements, representations, promises, warranties, or other assurances, oral
or written, other than those contained herein. Each Party agrees that this Agreement is intended
to cover any and all matters and claims (including possible and contingent claims) arising
out of or related to any and all prior agreements or understandings and this Agreement shall
not be limited in scope to cover any and all prior matters, whether any such matters are
known, unknown or hereafter discovered or ascertained.

23. Knowing
and Voluntary Waiver; Consideration Period. Executive, by his free and voluntary
act of signing below, acknowledges that Executive (a) has been given a period of twenty-one
(21) days (Review Period) to consider whether to agree to the
terms contained herein; (b) has been advised in writing (through this Agreement) to consult
with an attorney prior to executing this Agreement; (c) understands that this Agreement specifically
releases and waives all claims, including ADEA Claims, prior to the date on which Executive
signs this Agreement; and (d) agrees to all of the terms of this Agreement and intends to
be legally bound thereby. The Parties agree that any changes to this Agreement, whether material
or immaterial, will not restart the running of the Review Period. Executive understands that
he has the right to use as much or as little of the Review Period as he wishes before executing
this Agreement. The signed Agreement must be returned to the Company by the end of the Review
Period, Attn: Jordan Christensen, General Counsel, by email at jchristensen@ammoinc.com.

24. Revocation
Period. For a period of seven (7) calendar days after Executive signs this Agreement
(the ADEA Revocation Period), Executive may revoke his agreement
to release any ADEA Claims only, by indicating in writing to the Company, Attn: Jordan Christensen,
General Counsel, by email at jchristensen@ammoinc.com, Executives intention to revoke.
If Executive exercises his right to revoke hereunder, Executive shall forfeit his right to
receive the Separation Compensation, except for the Release Consideration, which Executive
agrees is sufficient consideration for the release of remaining claims in Section 6.
Executive understands that the Companys obligation to provide the Separation Compensation
does not become effective until after ADEA Revocation Period has expired without revocation
by Executive. This Agreement as it pertains to Executives release of ADEA Claims shall
become irrevocable, effective and enforceable on the eighth (8th) calendar day after its
execution and non-revocation by Executive (ADEA Effective Date).
Except for the release of ADEA Claims by Executive, all other provisions of this Agreement
or parts thereof, including the release in Section 6, shall become effective and enforceable
on the Execution Date, according to their respective terms. In the event of revocation by
Executive, the Company shall pay Executive the Release Consideration in a single lump sum
payment within thirty (30) days of the date of revocation by Executive.

EXECUTIVE SEPARATION AGREEMENT Page 10

25. Modification.
This Agreement shall not and cannot be modified by any Party by any oral promise or
representation made before or after the execution of this Agreement and may only be modified
by a writing signed by all Parties. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the
benefit of the Company Releasees.

26. Construction.
The headings of paragraphs are used for convenience only and shall not affect the meaning
or construction of the contents of this Agreement. Should any portion (e.g., word, clause,
phrase, sentence, paragraph or section) of this Agreement be declared void or unenforceable,
such portion shall be considered independent and severable from the remainder, the validity
of which shall remain unaffected. This Agreement shall survive indefinitely. The terms and
conditions of this Agreement have been, or will deemed to be, jointly negotiated by the Parties,
and in the event of any ambiguity or controversy it shall not be construed against either
Party as the draftsperson. For purposes of this Agreement, all references to the Company
shall include any of the Companys parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or any other
entity in which it holds a 50% or greater equity interest.

27. Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be
deemed to be an original and all of which together shall be deemed one and the same instrument.
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts and may be delivered via fax or scan which
shall have the same full force and effect as an original.

28. Advice
of Counsel. Each Party has had ample opportunity to consult with counsel and has
independently determined to proceed with this Agreement with or without such counsel. Executive
has not relied upon Company counsel with respect to any advice of any nature or kind regarding
this Agreement, and Executive acknowledges and agrees that Company counsel does not represent
him individually or in any other capacity. Executive further acknowledges that he is competent
to execute this Agreement, and that he fully understands the meaning and intent of this Agreement.

29. Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement will be assigned to the Companys successors and
assigns, if any, including, without limitation, successors and assigns through merger, name
change, consolidation, liquidation, or sale of a majority of the Companys stock or
assets, and shall be binding upon such successors and/or assigns.

30. Competency.
Executive warrants that he is fully competent to enter into this Agreement; that he has
read this Agreement and fully understands its meaning; that he knowingly and voluntarily
enters into this Agreement; and that he agrees to comply with its terms and conditions.

31. Section
409A. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, all provisions
of this Agreement are intended to be exempt from Section 409A of the Code, including under
the exemptions available in Treas. Reg. Sec. 1.409A-1(b)(4) and 1.409A-1(b)(9) and the applicable
Treasury regulations and administrative guidance issued thereunder (collectively, Section
409A) and shall be construed and administered in accordance with such intent;
to the extent not so exempt, the provisions of this Agreement shall be construed and administered
in compliance with Section 409A and shall incorporate all required defined terms by reference.
For purposes of Section 409A, each installment payment provided under this Agreement shall
be treated as a separate payment.

[Signature
page follows]

EXECUTIVE SEPARATION AGREEMENT Page 11

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Executive Separation Agreement as of the day and year first above written.

AMMO, INC. 

By: 

Name: Jared Smith 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

Executive 

Fred Wagenhals 

{Signature
Page to

Executive
Separation Agreement}
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>poww-20250402.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>poww-20250402_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>poww-20250402_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Stock, $0.001 par value 

8.75% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>poww-20250402_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 02, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 02, 2025

Entity File Number 001-13101

Entity Registrant Name AMMO,
INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001015383

Entity Tax Identification Number 83-1950534

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 7681
E. Gray Rd.

Entity Address, City or Town Scottsdale

Entity Address, State or Province AZ

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 85260

City Area Code (480)

Local Phone Number 947-0001

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Common Stock, $0.001 par value 

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, $0.001 par value

Trading Symbol POWW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

8.75% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value 

Title of 12(b) Security 8.75%
Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value

Trading Symbol POWWP

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=POWW_CommonStock0.001ParValueMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=POWW_Sec8.75SeriesCumulativeRedeemablePerpetualPreferredStock0.001ParValueMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
3 
22 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://ammoinc.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
poww-20250402.xsd 
poww-20250402_def.xml 
poww-20250402_lab.xml 
poww-20250402_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001641172-25-003268-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001015383 

2025-04-02 
2025-04-02 

0001015383 

POWW:CommonStock0.001ParValueMember 

2025-04-02 
2025-04-02 

0001015383 

POWW:Sec8.75SeriesCumulativeRedeemablePerpetualPreferredStock0.001ParValueMember 

2025-04-02 
2025-04-02 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001015383 
8-K 
2025-04-02 
AMMO, INC. 
DE 
001-13101 
83-1950534 
7681 E. Gray Rd. 
Scottsdale 
AZ 
85260 
(480) 
947-0001 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.001 par value 
POWW 
NASDAQ 
8.75% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value 
POWWP 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>