<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-029580.txt : 20250331
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-029580.hdr.sgml : 20250331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250331063022
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-029580
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250331
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BRAINSTORM CELL THERAPEUTICS INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001137883
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		EIN:				207273918
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36641
		FILM NUMBER:		25788718

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1325 AVENUE OF AMERICAS
		STREET 2:		28TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019
		BUSINESS PHONE:		201-488-0460

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1325 AVENUE OF AMERICAS
		STREET 2:		28TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BRAINSTORM CELL THERAPEUTICS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20041122

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GOLDEN HAND RESOURCES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20030827

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WIZBANG TECHNOLOGIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010409
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm2510890d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000113788300011378832025-03-312025-03-31iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT 

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
March 31, 2025

Brainstorm Cell Therapeutics Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Delaware 001-36641 20-7273918

(State or other jurisdiction of 

incorporation) (Commission File No.) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 

1325 Avenue of Americas, 28th Floor 

New York, NY 10019

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(201) 488-0460

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed
since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $0.00005 par value BCLI 

NASDAQ Stock Market LLC

(Nasdaq Capital Market)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging
growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the
registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Warrant Inducement Agreement

On March 31, 2025, Brainstorm Cell Therapeutics, Inc. (the
Company) entered into an inducement offer (the Agreement) with a certain accredited and institutional holder
(the Holder) to exercise existing warrants to purchase up to 1,381,383 shares of the Companys common stock comprised
of warrants to purchase 270,271 shares of the Companys common stock issued on July 19, 2023 (the 2023 Existing Warrants),
and warrants to purchase 1,111,112 shares of the Companys common stock issued on June 28, 2024 (the 2024 Existing Warrants,
and together with the 2024 Existing Warrants, the Existing Warrants). Pursuant to the Agreement, the Holder, upon exercise,
will receive a new unregistered warrant to purchase shares of the Companys common stock (the New Warrant) pursuant
to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (Securities Act), to purchase up to equal to
200% of the number of Warrant Shares issued pursuant to the exercise of Existing Warrants pursuant to the Agreement (the New Warrant
Shares).

The New Warrants will have an exercise price of $1.19 per share, will
be exercisable on or after the date that approval is obtained from the Companys stockholders (the Stockholder Approval)
as may be required by the applicable rules and regulations of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (or any successor entity) (the Stockholder
Approval Date) and will expire on the five-year anniversary of the Stockholder Approval Date. The exercise price and the number
of New Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of each New Warrant are subject to appropriate adjustments in the event of certain stock
dividends and distributions, stock splits, stock combinations, reclassifications or similar events affecting the Companys common
stock. In addition, in certain circumstances, upon a fundamental transaction (as defined in the New Warrants), a holder of New Warrants
will be entitled to receive, upon exercise of the New Warrants, the kind and amount of securities, cash or other property that such holder
would have received had they exercised the New Warrants immediately prior to the fundamental transaction. Additionally, as more fully
described in the New Warrants, in the event of certain fundamental transactions, the holders of the New Warrants will be entitled to receive
consideration in an amount equal to the Black Scholes value of the New Warrants on the date of consummation of the transaction.

The closing is expected to take place on or about April 1, 2025.
Gross proceeds to the Company from the exercise of the Existing Warrants is expected to be approximately $1.64 million, prior to deducting
closing costs and placement agent fees as further described below. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the offering for working
capital and general corporate purposes.

The issuance of the shares underlying the 2023 Existing Warrants has
been registered pursuant to registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-258640). The shares underlying the 2024 Existing
Warrants are expected to be issued in reliance on the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, provided by
Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act as a transaction not involving a public offering. The resale of the such shares issued
upon exercise of the 2024 Existing Warrants has been registered pursuant to registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-282172).

The Company agreed hold a special or annual meeting of stockholders
no later than the 90th calendar day following the date of the Agreement for the purpose of seeking the Stockholder Approval. If the Company
does not obtain Stockholder Approval at the first meeting, the Company shall call a meeting every ninety (90) days thereafter to seek
Stockholder Approval until the earlier of the date on which Stockholder Approval is obtained or the New Warrants are no longer outstanding.

The Company agreed in the Agreement to file a registration
statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) providing for the resale of the New Warrant Shares on
or before the forty-fifth (45th) day following the date of the Agreement, and to use commercially reasonable efforts to
have such registration statement declared effective by the SEC within ninety (90) calendar days after the date of the Agreement (or
one hundred twenty (120) days following the date of the Agreement in the event there is a full review of the resale
registration statement by the SEC). Pursuant to the Agreement, the Company shall keep such registration statement effective at all
times until no holder of the New Warrants owns any New Warrants or New Warrant Shares.

In connection with the transactions contemplated in the Agreement,
pursuant to a financial advisory agreement (the Financial Advisory Agreement) the Company agreed to pay its inducement agent, Maxim Group,
LLC (the Agent) the following compensation, (i) a cash fee equal to 6.0% of the gross proceeds received by the Company
in the transactions contemplated by the Agreement, and (ii) legal fees and out-of-pocket expenses of $12,500.

The foregoing descriptions of the Financial Advisory Agreement, New
Warrants and Agreement do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the Financial
Advisory Agreement, New Warrants and the Agreement copies of which are attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibits 1.1,
4.1 and 10.1, respectively.

Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The disclosure regarding the 2024 Existing Warrants, New Warrants and
the New Warrant Shares set forth under Item 1.01 is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02.

The Company expects to issue the New Warrants in reliance on the exemption
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, provided by Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act as a transaction
not involving a public offering. Neither the New Warrants nor the New Warrant Shares have been registered under the Securities Act,
and such securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the Securities
Act and any applicable state securities laws.

This report shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation
of an offer to buy nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale
would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

1.1 Form of
Financial Advisory Agreement

4.1 Form of
New Warrant

10.1 Form of Warrant Inducement Agreement, by and between the Company and the Holder identified
on the signature page thereto

104 Cover Page Interactive Data
File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

BRAINSTORM CELL THERAPEUTICS INC.

Date: March 31, 2025 By: /s/ Chaim Lebovits

Chaim Lebovits

Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm2510890d1_ex1-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 1.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 1.1

March 31, 2025

VIA ELECTRONIC DELIVERY

Chaim Lebovits

Chief Executive Officer

Brainstorm Cell Therapeutics Inc.

1325 Avenue of Americas, 28th Floor

New York, NY 10019

Dear Mr. Lebovits:

We are pleased that Brainstorm Cell Therapeutics
Inc. (collectively, with its subsidiaries the Company) has decided to retain Maxim Group LLC (the Financial
Advisor) to provide general financial advisory and investment banking services to the Company as set forth herein. This letter
agreement (Agreement) will confirm the Financial Advisors acceptance of such retention and set forth below
are the terms of our engagement.

WHEREAS, the Company hereby retains the Financial
Advisor as its exclusive lead warrant solicitation agent in connection with its contemplated solicitation of the retirement of the Companys
Warrants (as defined below) for the period of time set forth herein, and

WHEREAS, in July 2023 and June 2024,
the Company issued certain share purchase warrants that are exercisable into the Companys common stock by a certain warrant holder
(the Warrants).

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises
and mutual agreements herein set forth, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1.Compliance
With Applicable Securities Laws/Best Efforts. Each of the Company and the Financial Advisor agree that the Financial Advisors
solicitation of Warrants shall be consistent with applicable federal and state securities laws, the guidelines of the Financial Industry
Regulatory Authority (FINRA), applicable SEC rules and regulations, including but not limited to Regulation
M, the rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Capital Market Exchange and disclosure of the Companys compensation arrangement
with the Financial Advisor will be made in documents provided to the holders of the Warrants. Moreover, the Financial Advisor shall,
consistent with its obligations under applicable laws and the rules and regulations of FINRA, use its reasonable best efforts to
maximize the number of Warrants which are exercised, including appropriate communications with certain record owners and beneficial owners
of the Warrants.

2. Compensation.
The Company shall pay to the Financial Advisor a cash fee consisting of a cash payment equal to six percent (6.0%) of the total proceeds
received from the exercise of any and all of the Warrants during the term of the Agreement (Solicitation Fee).

3. 
Timing of Payment. Promptly following receipt of the gross proceeds received by the Company from the cash exercise of the Warrants
in accordance with this Agreement, the Company shall pay the Solicitation Fee to the Financial Advisor.

4. 
Representation and Warranties of the Company. (a) The Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of Delaware and has full corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to consummate
the transactions contemplated hereby.

Members FINRA & SIPC

300 Park Ave. 16 FL * New York, NY 10022 * tel (212) 895-3500 * (800) 724-0761 * fax (212) 895-3783 * www.maximgrp.com

Brainstorm Cell Therapeutics Inc.

March 2025

(b) 
The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have
been duly authorized by the board of directors of the Company and the stockholders of the Company, if required, and no further consent
or authorization is required by the Company, the board of directors of the Company or of its stockholders. No other corporate proceedings
on the part of the Company are necessary to approve and authorize the execution and delivery of this Agreement. This Agreement constitutes
the legal, valid and binding agreement of the Company, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability
may be limited by insolvency, bankruptcy or other similar laws affecting creditors rights generally.

(c) 
The shares of common stock underlying the Warrants have been registered for resale on a Registration Statement(s) (the Registration
Statement(s)), which has been declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission)
and which remains effective and shall remain effective during the term of this Agreement. The Commission has not issued any orders preventing
or suspending the use of the Prospectus contained in the Registration Statement(s) and the Prospectus (as modified or supplemented
by information incorporated by reference into such Prospectus) as well as the Companys other public filings (the SEC
filings) conforms, and during the effectiveness of this Agreement will conform, in all material respects with the requirements
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange
Act), as amended and do not, and during the effectiveness of this Agreement will not, include any untrue statement of material
fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading.

(d) The shares of common stock underlying
the Warrants have been duly authorized, have been duly reserved for issuance and upon exercise of the Warrants and payment to the Company
of the exercise price therefore, the Warrant Shares will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

(e) Neither the execution and delivery
of this Agreement by the Company nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby will (i) conflict with or result in
any breach of any provisions of Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, each as amended to date; (ii) require any
consent, approval, authorization or permit from, or filing with or notification to, any United States or foreign governmental or regulatory
authority or other third party, except for any such consents approvals, authorizations, permits, filings or notifications, the absence
of which would not have a material adverse effect on the Company or the Warrants, (iii) result in a breach of the terms, conditions
or provisions of, constitute a default under or cause, permit or give rise to any right of termination, cancellation or acceleration
under any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any material agreement to which the Company is a party to.

5.Information.
In connection with the Financial Advisors activities hereunder, the Company will fully cooperate with the Financial Advisor and
furnish them upon request with all information regarding the business, operations, properties, financial condition, legal condition,
litigation status, management and prospects of the Company (all such information so furnished being the Information)
that the Financial Advisor deems appropriate for conducting their due diligence and will provide them with access to the Companys
officers, directors, employees, consultants, independent accountants and legal counsel. The Company represents and warrants to the Financial
Advisor that all Information made available to the Financial Advisor hereunder will be complete and correct in all material respects
and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements
therein not misleading in light of the circumstances under which such statements are or will be made. The Company further represents
and warrants that any projections and other forward-looking information provided by it to the Financial Advisor will have been prepared
in good faith and will be based upon assumptions (which shall be disclosed by the Company) which, in light of the circumstances under
which they are made, are reasonable. The Company recognizes and confirms that the Financial Advisor: (i) will use and rely primarily
on the Information and on information available from generally recognized public sources in performing the services contemplated by this
Agreement without having independently verified the same; (ii) does not assume responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of
the Information and such other information; and (iii) will not make an appraisal of any assets of the Company. Any advice rendered
by the Financial Advisor pursuant to this Agreement may not be disclosed publicly without the Financial Advisors prior written
consent. The Financial Advisor hereby acknowledges that certain of the Information received by the Financial Advisor may be confidential
and/or proprietary, including Information with respect to the Companys technologies, products, business plans, marketing, and
other Information which must be maintained by the Financial Advisor as confidential. The Financial Advisor agrees that it will not disclose
such confidential and/or proprietary Information to any other companies in the industry in which the Company is involved without the
Companys consent.

Members FINRA & SIPC

300 Park Ave. 16 FL * New York, NY 10022 * tel (212) 895-3500 * (800) 724-0761 * fax (212) 895-3783 * www.maximgrp.com

Brainstorm Cell Therapeutics Inc.

March 2025

6.Expenses.
In addition to payment to the Financial Advisor of the compensation set forth in Section 2 hereof, the Company shall promptly upon
request from time to time reimburse the Financial Advisor for all reasonable expenses (including, without limitation, fees and disbursements
of counsel and all travel and other out-of-pocket expenses) incurred by the Financial Advisor in connection with its engagement hereunder,
in an amount not to exceed an aggregate of $12,500. In addition, the Company shall pay for all fees and expenses, including the reasonable
legal fees and expenses of counsel to the Financial Advisor, in connection with any filings required by FINRA in connection with this
Agreement. The Financial Advisor will provide the Company an invoice and copies of receipts of its expenses and such expenses shall not
exceed $12,500 without prior authorization of the Company.

7.Indemnification.
The Company agrees to indemnify the Financial Advisor in accordance with the indemnification and other provisions attached to this Agreement
as Exhibit A (the Indemnification Provisions), which provisions are incorporated herein by reference
and shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement.

8.Other
Activities. The Company acknowledges that the Financial Advisor has been, and may in the future be, engaged to provide services as
an underwriter, placement agent, finder, advisor and investment banker to other companies in the industry in which the Company is or
may be involved. Subject to the confidentiality provisions of the Financial Advisor contained in Section 5 hereof, the Company acknowledges
and agrees that nothing contained in this Agreement shall limit or restrict the right of the Financial Advisor or of any past, present
or future member, manager, partner, officer, director, owner, employee, agent or representative of or investor in the Financial Advisor,
to be a member, manager, partner, officer, director, owner, employee, agent or representative of, investor in, or to engage in, any other
business, whether or not of a similar, dissimilar or conflicting in nature to the Companys business, nor to limit or restrict
the right of the Financial Advisor and the foregoing persons and entities to render services of any kind to any other corporation, firm,
individual or association. The Financial Advisor may, but shall not be required to, present opportunities to the Company.

9.SECTION INTENTIONALLY
LEFT BLANK

10.Termination;
Survival of Provisions. The Agreement shall become effective upon the date of mutual execution by both parties to this Agreement,
and it shall continue to be in effect for the sooner of (i) one (1) week following such execution; or (ii) the completion
of the Warrant Solicitation. Notwithstanding anything expressed or implied herein to the contrary: the terms and provisions of Sections
2, 3, 5, 6, 7, (including, but not limited to, the Indemnification Provisions attached to this Agreement and incorporated herein by reference),
, this Section 10 through 18, shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

Members FINRA & SIPC

300 Park Ave. 16 FL * New York, NY 10022 * tel (212) 895-3500 * (800) 724-0761 * fax (212) 895-3783 * www.maximgrp.com

Brainstorm Cell Therapeutics Inc.

March 2025

11.Notices.
All notices provided hereunder shall be given in writing and either delivered personally or by overnight courier service or sent by certified
mail, return receipt requested, or by facsimile transmission, if to the Financial Advisor, to Maxim Group LLC, 300 Park Avenue, 16th
Floor, New York, New York 10022, Attention: James Siegel, Esq., General Counsel, Fax No. (212) 895-3860, and if to the Company,
to the address, set forth on the first page of this Agreement. Any notice delivered personally or by fax shall be deemed given upon
receipt (with confirmation of receipt required in the case of fax transmissions); any notice given by overnight courier shall be deemed
given on the next business day after delivery to the overnight courier; and any notice given by certified mail shall be deemed given
upon the second business day after certification thereof.

12.Governing
Law; Venue; Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial. This Agreement shall be governed by construed and enforced in accordance with the
laws of the State of New York applicable to agreements made and to be fully performed therein, without regard to conflicts of law principles.
The Company irrevocably agrees that any suit, claim, action or proceeding of any kind or nature whatsoever arising out of this Agreement
or any of the agreements, transactions or matters contemplated hereby, which is brought by or against the Company shall be brought in
the Supreme Court of the State of New York, County of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York.
The Company further irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of the State of New York, County of New York
or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York for the purpose of any suit, claim, action or other proceeding
of any kind or nature whatsoever arising out of this Agreement, or any of the agreements , transactions or matters contemplated hereby,
which is brought by or against the Company, and agrees that service of process in connection with any such suit, claim, action or proceeding
may be made upon the Company in accordance with Section 10 hereof it being agreed that such service shall be good and valid service
to which the Company shall not challenge by way of objection, defense or otherwise.. The parties hereby expressly waive all rights to
trial by jury in any suit, claim, action or proceeding arising under this Agreement, or any of the agreements, transactions or matters
contemplated hereby.

13.Amendments.
This Agreement may not be modified or amended except in a writing duly executed by the parties hereto.

14.Headings.
The section headings in this Agreement have been inserted as a matter of reference and are not part of this Agreement.

15.Successors
and Assigns. The benefits of this Agreement shall inure to the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns and to the
indemnified parties hereunder and their respective successors and assigns, and the obligations and liabilities assumed in this Agreement
shall be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the
contrary, neither the Financial Advisor nor the Company shall assign any of its obligations hereunder without the prior written consent
of the other party.

16.No
Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement does not create, and shall not be construed as creating, any rights enforceable by any
person or entity not a party hereto, except those entitled to the benefits of the Indemnification Provisions. Without limiting the foregoing,
the Company acknowledges and agrees that the Financial Advisor is not being engaged as, and shall not be deemed to be, an agent or fiduciary
of the Companys stockholders or creditors or any other person by virtue of this Agreement or the retention of the Financial Advisor
hereunder, all of which are hereby expressly waived.

17.Waiver.
Any waiver or any breach of any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement shall not operate as a waiver of any of the terms or conditions
of this Agreement or of any other breach of such terms or conditions or of any other term or condition, nor shall any failure to insist
upon strict performance or to enforce any provision hereof on any occasion operate as a waiver of such provision or of any other provision
hereof or a waiver of the right to insist upon strict performance or to enforce such provision or any other provision on any subsequent
occasion. Any waiver must be in writing.

Members FINRA & SIPC

300 Park Ave. 16 FL * New York, NY 10022 * tel (212) 895-3500 * (800) 724-0761 * fax (212) 895-3783 * www.maximgrp.com

Brainstorm Cell Therapeutics Inc.

March 2025

18. Counterparts. This Agreement may be
executed in any number of counterparts and by facsimile transmission, each of which shall be deemed to be an original instrument, but
all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Facsimile signatures shall be deemed to be original signatures
for all purposes.

[Signature Page and Exhibit A Follows]

Members FINRA & SIPC

300 Park Ave. 16 FL * New York, NY 10022 * tel (212) 895-3500 * (800) 724-0761 * fax (212) 895-3783 * www.maximgrp.com

Brainstorm Cell Therapeutics Inc.

March 2025

If the foregoing correctly
sets forth our agreement, please sign the enclosed copy of this Agreement in the space provided below and return it to us.

Best Regards,

MAXIM GROUP LLC

By: 

Name: Ritesh
M. Veera

Title: Co-Head of Investment Banking

Agreed to and accepted this ___th day of March,
2025

BRAINSTORM CELL THERAPEUTICS INC.

By: 

Chaim Lebovits 

Chief Executive Officer 

Members FINRA & SIPC

300 Park Ave. 16 FL * New York, NY 10022 * tel (212) 895-3500 * (800) 724-0761 * fax (212) 895-3783 * www.maximgrp.com

Brainstorm Cell Therapeutics Inc.

March 2025

Exhibit A

INDEMNIFICATION PROVISIONS

Capitalized terms used in
this Exhibit shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Agreement to which this Exhibit is attached.

The Company agrees to indemnify
and hold harmless the Financial Advisor and each of the other Indemnified Parties (as hereinafter defined) from and against any and all
losses, claims, damages, obligations, penalties, judgments, awards, liabilities, attorneys fees, costs, expenses and disbursements of
any kind or nature whatsoever, and any and all actions, suits, proceedings and investigations of any kind or nature whatsoever in respect
thereof and any and all legal fees and other costs, expenses and disbursements in giving testimony or furnishing documents in response
to a subpoena or otherwise (including, without limitation, the legal fees, consulting or expert fees, costs, expenses and disbursements,
as and when incurred, of investigating, preparing, pursing or defending any such action, suit, proceeding or investigation (whether or
not in connection with litigation in which any Indemnified Party is a party)) (collectively, Losses), directly or
indirectly, caused by, relating to, based upon, arising out of, or in connection with, the Financial Advisor acting for the Company,
including, without limitation, any act or omission by the Financial Advisor in connection with its acceptance of or the performance or
non-performance of its obligations under the Agreement between the Company and the Financial Advisor to which these indemnification provisions
are attached and form a part (the Agreement), any breach by the Company of any representation, warranty, covenant
or agreement contained in the Agreement (or in any instrument, document or agreement relating thereto, including any Agency Agreement),
or the enforcement by the Financial Advisor of its rights under the Agreement or these indemnification provisions, except to the extent
that any such Losses are found in a final judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction (not subject to further appeal) to have resulted
primarily and directly from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Indemnified Party seeking indemnification hereunder. The
Company also agrees that no Indemnified Party shall have any liability (whether direct or indirect, in contract or tort or otherwise)
to the Company for or in connection with the engagement of the Financial Advisor by the Company or for any other reason, except to the
extent that any such liability is found in a final judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction (not subject to further appeal) to have
resulted primarily and directly from such Indemnified Partys gross negligence or willful misconduct.

These Indemnification Provisions
shall extend to the following persons (collectively, the Indemnified Parties): The Financial Advisor, its present,
former and future affiliated entities, managers, members, officers, directors, owners ,partners, stockholders, employees, legal counsel,
agents, representatives and controlling persons (within the meaning of the federal securities laws), and its and their affiliated entities,
managers, members, officers, directors, owners, partners, stockholders, employees, legal counsel, agents, representatives and controlling
persons of any of them. These indemnification provisions shall be in addition to any liability which the Company may otherwise have to
any Indemnified Party.

If any action, suit, proceeding
or investigation is commenced, as to which an Indemnified Party proposes to demand indemnification, it shall notify the Company with
reasonable promptness; provided, however, that any failure by an Indemnified Party to notify the Company shall not relieve
the Company from its obligations hereunder. An Indemnified Party shall have the right to retain counsel of its own choice to represent
it, and the fees, expenses and disbursements of such counsel shall be borne by the Company. Any such counsel shall, to the extent consistent
with its professional responsibilities, cooperate with the Company and any counsel designated by the Company. The Company shall be liable
for and pay any settlement of any claim against any Indemnified Party made with the Companys written consent. The Company shall
not, without the prior written consent of the Financial Advisor, settle or compromise any claim, or permit a default or consent to the
entry of any judgment in respect thereof, unless such settlement, compromise or consent (i) includes, as an unconditional term thereof,
the giving by the claimant or claimants to all of the Indemnified Parties of an unconditional release from all liability in respect of
such claim, and (ii) does not contain any factual or legal admission by or with respect to an Indemnified Party or an adverse statement
with respect to the character, professionalism, expertise or reputation of any Indemnified Party or any action or inaction of any Indemnified
Party.

Members FINRA & SIPC

300 Park Ave. 16 FL * New York, NY 10022 * tel (212) 895-3500 * (800) 724-0761 * fax (212) 895-3783 * www.maximgrp.com

Brainstorm Cell Therapeutics Inc.

March 2025

In order to provide for just
and equitable contribution, if a claim for indemnification pursuant to these indemnification provisions is made but it is found in a
final judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction (not subject to further appeal) that such indemnification may not be enforced in
such case, even though the express provisions hereof provide for indemnification in such case, then the Company shall contribute to the
Losses to which any Indemnified Party may be subject (i) in accordance with the relative benefits received by the Company and its
stockholders, subsidiaries and affiliates, on the one hand, and the Indemnified Party, on the other hand, and (ii) if (and only
if) the allocation provided in clause (i) of this sentence is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as to reflect
not only the relative benefits, but also the relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Indemnified Party, on the other
hand, in connection with the statements, acts or omissions which resulted in such Losses as well as any relevant equitable considerations.
No person found liable for a fraudulent misrepresentation shall be entitled to contribution from any person who is not also found liable
for fraudulent misrepresentation. The relative benefits received (or anticipated to be received) by the Company and its stockholders,
subsidiaries and affiliates shall be deemed to be equal to the aggregate consideration payable or receivable by such parties in connection
with the transaction or transactions to which the Agreement relates relative to the amount of fees actually received by the Financial
Advisor in connection with such transaction or transactions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the amount contributed
by all Indemnified Parties exceed the amount of fees previously received by the Financial Advisor pursuant to the Agreement.

Neither termination nor completion
of the Agreement shall affect these Indemnification Provisions which shall remain operative and in full force and effect. The Indemnification
Provisions shall be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns and shall inure to the benefit of the Indemnified Parties
and their respective successors, assigns, heirs and personal representatives.

The Company shall be required
to advance to the Indemnified Parties all legal fees, consultant and expert fees, costs, disbursements and other expenses relating to,
associated with or arising from the Losses.

Members FINRA & SIPC

300 Park Ave. 16 FL * New York, NY 10022 * tel (212) 895-3500 * (800) 724-0761 * fax (212) 895-3783 * www.maximgrp.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm2510890d1_ex4-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH
THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE
IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND,
ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT
TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE
WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN
CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

brainstorm
cell therapeutics inc.

Warrant Shares: _______ Issue
Date: ___, 2025 

THIS COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT
(the Warrant) certifies that, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, _____________ or its assigns (the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations
on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after the Shareholder Approval Date (as defined below) (the Initial
Exercise Date) and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date that is the five year anniversary of the
Shareholder Approval Date (the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Brainstorm
Cell Therapeutics Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), up to ______ shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder,
the Warrant Shares) of Common Stock. The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be
equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section 1. Definitions.
In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings indicated in this Section 1:.

Action
means any action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending or threatened against or affecting the applicable
party before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local
or foreign).

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Letter
Agreement means that certain letter agreement, dated March __, 2025, by and between the Company and Armistice Capital
Master Fund Ltd.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

Rule 144
means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from
time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Shareholder
Approval means such approval as may be required by the applicable rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Stock Market (or
any successor entity) with respect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock underlying this Warrant.

Shareholder
Approval Date means the date on which Shareholder Approval is received and deemed effective under Delaware law.

Trading
Day means a day on which the Common Stock is traded on a Trading Market.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock
Exchange or the OTC Bulletin Board (or any successors to any of the foregoing.

Section 2. Exercise.

a) Exercise
of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on
or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed PDF copy submitted
by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise). Within
one (1) Trading Day following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the shares
specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank (to an account
designated by the Company) unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable
Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee
or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required
to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the
Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three
(3) Trading Days of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant
resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding
number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and
the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver
any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Trading Day of receipt of such notice. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with
respect to any Notice(s) of Exercise delivered on or prior to 12:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Initial Exercise Date,
the Company agrees to deliver the Warrant Shares subject to such notice(s) by 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Initial
Exercise Date and the Initial Exercise Date shall be the Warrant Share Delivery Date for purposes hereunder, provided that payment of
the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received by such Warrant Share Delivery Date. The Holder
and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following
the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given
time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof and that any exercise is subject to the limitations set forth in this Warrant,
including under Section 2(c) below.

b) Exercise
Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $1.19, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise
Price).

c) Cashless
Exercise. If at any time during the term of this Warrant and on or after the Initial Exercise Date, there is no effective registration
statement registering, or the prospectus contained therein is not available for the resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder, then this
Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall
be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = as applicable:
(i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is
(1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed
and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as
defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the
option of the Holder, either (y) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise
or (z) the Bid Price of the Common Stock on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg)
as of the time of the Holders execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular
trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after
the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on
the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both
executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading
Day;

(B) = the
Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the
number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise
were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of
the Securities Act, the holding period of the Warrant Shares being issued may be tacked on to the holding period of this Warrant. The
Company agrees not to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

Bid Price
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading
Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York
City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price
of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not
then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market (or a
similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock
so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser
selected in good faith by the Purchasers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the
Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New
York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if the OTCQB Venture Market (OTCQB) or the OTCQX Best
Market (OTCQX) is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest
preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX
and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (Pink Market) operated by the OTC Markets, Inc.
(or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common
Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser
selected in good faith by the Purchasers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the
Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, on the Termination Date, this Warrant shall be automatically exercised via cashless exercise pursuant
to this Section 2(c).

d) Mechanics of Exercise.

i. Delivery
of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. Subject to the receipt of appropriate and customary representations and warranties from the Holder,
the Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the
account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal
at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective
registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) the
Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale limitations pursuant to Rule 144 (assuming
cashless exercise of the Warrants), and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys share register
in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise
to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days
and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of
Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall
be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has
been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other
than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number
of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period following delivery of the Notice of Exercise. If the Company fails for any reason
to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay
to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based
on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading
Day on the third Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until
such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant
in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period
means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect
to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise.

ii. Delivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and
upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing
the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects
be identical with this Warrant.

iii. Rescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by
the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv. Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if
the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section 2(d)(i) above
pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase
(in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver
in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In),
then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price
(including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying
(1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue
times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the
Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in
which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been
issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common
Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with
an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence
the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable
to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit
a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree
of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock
upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

v. No
Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this
Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall,
at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the
Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi. Charges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental
expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant
Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however,
that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for
exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as
a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all
Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another
established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii. Closing
of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant,
pursuant to the terms hereof.

e) Holders
Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise
any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise
as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting
as a group together with the Holder, including any member of a Section 13(d) group in accordance with the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution
Parties)), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of
the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties
shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is
being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised
portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion
of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock
Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the
Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e),
beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is
in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed
in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether
this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties)
and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise
shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by
the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject
to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination.
In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of
the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the
number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the
Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement
by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common
Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within one Trading Day confirm orally and in
writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common
Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the
Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported.
The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately
after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company,
may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance
of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue
to apply. Any such increase or decrease in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after
such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than
in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective
or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable
to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

Section 3. Certain
Adjustments.

a) Stock
Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes
a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of
Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this
Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way
of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of
shares of the Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction
of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before
such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the
number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this
Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the
record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately
after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b) Subsequent
Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues
or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders
of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the
terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the
number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof,
including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant,
issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common
Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that, to the extent
that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such
shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance
for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

c) Pro
Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution
of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including,
without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification,
corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after
the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent
that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete
exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as
of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided,
however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent
(or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such
Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result
in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

d) Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more
related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company (or any Subsidiary),
directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially
all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange
offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender
or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding
Common Stock or 50% or more of the voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in
one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory
share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or
(v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other
business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with
another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires 50% or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or
50% or more of the voting power of the common equity of the Company (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person
or other Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase
agreement or other business combination) (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of
this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately
prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on
the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it
is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result
of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately
prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For
purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration
based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the
Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any
different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property
to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives
upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in the event of a
Fundamental Transaction, the Company or any Successor Entity (as defined below) shall, at the Holders option, exercisable at any
time concurrently with, or within 30 days after, the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction (or, if later, the date of the public
announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction), purchase this Warrant from the Holder by paying to the Holder an amount of cash
equal to the Black Scholes Value (as defined below) of the remaining unexercised portion of this Warrant on the date of the consummation
of such Fundamental Transaction; provided, however, that, if the Fundamental Transaction is not within the Companys control,
including not approved by the Companys Board of Directors, the Holder shall only be entitled to receive from the Company or any Successor
Entity the same type or form of consideration (and in the same proportion), at the Black Scholes Value of the unexercised portion of this
Warrant, that is being offered and paid to the holders of Common Stock of the Company in connection with the Fundamental Transaction,
whether that consideration be in the form of cash, stock or any combination thereof, or whether the holders of Common Stock are given
the choice to receive from among alternative forms of consideration in connection with the Fundamental Transaction; provided, further,
that if holders of Common Stock of the Company are not offered or paid any consideration in such Fundamental Transaction, such holders
of Common Stock will be deemed to have received common stock of the Successor Entity (which Entity may be the Company following such Fundamental
Transaction) in such Fundamental Transaction. Black Scholes Value means the value of this Warrant based on the Black-Scholes
Option Pricing Model obtained from the OV function on Bloomberg determined as of the day of consummation of the applicable
Fundamental Transaction for pricing purposes and reflecting (A) a risk-free interest rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate
for a period equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction and
the Termination Date, (B) an expected volatility equal to the volatility for the remaining exercise period as obtained from the HVT
function on Bloomberg (determined utilizing a 365 day annualization factor) as of the Trading Day immediately following the public announcement
of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction, (C) the underlying price per share used in such calculation shall be the
sum of the price per share being offered in cash, if any, plus the value of any non-cash consideration, if any, being offered in such
Fundamental Transaction, (D) a remaining option time equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable
contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date, and (E) cost of borrow for the Companys shares at the exercise
date. The payment of the Black Scholes Value will be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds (or such other consideration)
within the later of (i) five Business Days of the Holders election and (ii) the date of consummation of the Fundamental
Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor
Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents in
accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(d) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of
the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially
similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor
Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without
regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies
the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock
pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such
exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental
Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction,
the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the occurrence or consummation of such Fundamental
Transaction, each and every provision of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall
refer instead to each of the Company and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally), and the Successor Entity
or Successor Entities, jointly and severally with the Company, may exercise every right and power of the Company prior thereto and the
Successor Entity or Successor Entities shall assume all of the obligations of the Company prior thereto under this Warrant and the other
Transaction Documents with the same effect as if the Company and such Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally, had
been named as the Company herein. For the avoidance of doubt, the Holder shall be entitled to the benefits of the provisions of this Section 3(d) regardless
of (i) whether the Company has sufficient authorized shares of Common Stock for the issuance of Warrant Shares and/or (ii) whether
a Fundamental Transaction occurs prior to the Initial Exercise Date.

e) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For
purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be
the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

f) Notice
to Holder.

i. Adjustment
to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly
deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number
of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii. Notice
to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the
Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the
Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of
capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection
with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is a party,
any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted
into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation
or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its
last email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record
or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend,
distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock
of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on
which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the
date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock
for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange;
provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the
corporate action required to be specified in such notice and provided, further that no notice shall be required if the information is
disseminated in a press release or document filed with the Commission. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes,
or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file
such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant
during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise
be expressly set forth herein.

Section 4. Transfer
of Warrant.

a) Transferability.
Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any
registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or
its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the
Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender
and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees,
as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a
new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder
has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading
Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly
assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b) New
Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company,
together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or
its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination,
the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance
with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the original Issue Date and shall be identical with this
Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c) Warrant
Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant
Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder
of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other
purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

d) Transfer
Restrictions. If, at the time of the surrender of this Warrant in connection with any transfer of this Warrant, the transfer of this
Warrant shall not be either (i) registered pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and under applicable
state securities or blue sky laws or (ii) eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current public information
requirements pursuant to Rule 144, the Company may require, as a condition of allowing such transfer, that the Holder or transferee
of this Warrant, as the case may be, agree in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred Warrant, by the provisions of the
Letter Agreement.

e) Representation
by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant and, upon any exercise
hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or
reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, except pursuant
to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act.

Section 5. Miscellaneous.

a) No
Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends
or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly
set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant
to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in
no event shall the Company be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b) Loss,
Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case
of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include
the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make
and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

c) Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or
granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business
Day.

d) Authorized
Shares. The Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued
Common Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights
under this Warrant. The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who
are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company
will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation
of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company
covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon
exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue
thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue). Except and to the extent as waived
or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate of incorporation
or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary
action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all times in good faith
assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to protect the rights
of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will (i) not
increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in
par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully
paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all
such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable
the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant. Before taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number
of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or
exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e) Jurisdiction.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be governed by and construed
and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof.
Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated
by this Warrant (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members,
employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby
irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan
for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein
(including with respect to the enforcement of this Warrant), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any Action or
Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such Action or Proceeding is improper
or is an inconvenient venue for such Proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process
being served in any such Action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence
of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute
good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve
process in any other manner permitted by law. If any party shall commence an Action or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Warrant,
then the prevailing party in such Action or Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the non-prevailing party for its reasonable attorneys
fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such Action or Proceeding.

f) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and the Holder does not
utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g) Nonwaiver
and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as
a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of this
Warrant or the Letter Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results
in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and
expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder
in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h) Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall
be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via
email attachment at the e-mail address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York
City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered
via email attachment at the e-mail address as set forth on the signature pages attached to the Letter Agreement on a day that is
not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd) Trading Day following
the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom
such notice is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached
to the Letter Agreement.

i) Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the
Company.

j) Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any
action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k) Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder.
The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable
by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares. Holder may assign any or all of its rights under this Warrant to any Person to whom Holder
assigns or transfers any Warrant or Warrant Shares, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred
Warrant or Warrant Shares, by the provisions of the Warrant that apply to the Holder.

l) Amendment.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and the Holder.

m) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

n) Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

brainstorm cell therapeutics inc.

By: 

Name: 

Title:

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

To: brainstorm
cell therapeutics inc.

(1) The
undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised
in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment
shall take the form of (check applicable box):

[ ] in lawful money of the United States;
or

[ ] if permitted the cancellation of
such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection 2(c), to exercise this Warrant with
respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3) Please
issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The Warrant Shares (subject to the receipt of
appropriate representations and warranties from Holder) shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

(4) Accredited Investor.
The undersigned is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: 

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: 

Name of Authorized Signatory: 

Title of Authorized Signatory: 

Date: 

EXHIBIT B

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this
form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced
thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please
Print)

Address: 

(Please
Print)

Phone Number: 

Email Address: 

Dated:
_______________ __, ______ 

Holders Signature: 

Holders Address:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm2510890d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

BRAINSTORM CELL THERAPEUTICS INC.

March 31,
2025 

Holder of Common Stock Purchase Warrants

Re:Inducement
Offer to Exercise Common Stock Purchase Warrants

Dear Holder:

Brainstorm
Cell Therapeutics Inc. (the Company) is pleased to offer to you (Holder, you,
or similar terminology) (i) the opportunity to receive new warrants to purchase shares of the Companys common stock, par value
$0.00005 per share (the Common Stock) and (ii) a reduction in the Exercise Price (as defined in the respective
Existing Warrants) of the warrants set forth on the signature page hereto (the Existing Warrants) held by you
in consideration for exercising by you for cash all of the Existing Warrants, as set forth on the signature page hereto. The issuance
or resale of the shares of Common Stock underlying the Existing Warrants (the Warrant Shares) has been registered
or registered for resale, as the case may be, pursuant to the registration statements on Form S-3 (File Nos. 333-282172 and 333-258640)
and the prospectuses contained therein (collectively, the Registration Statements). The Registration Statements are
currently effective and, upon exercise of the Existing Warrants pursuant to this letter agreement, will be effective for the issuance
or resale of the Warrant Shares, as the case may be. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth
in the New Warrants (as defined herein).

The
Company desires to reduce the Exercise Price (as defined in the respective Existing Warrants) of the Existing Warrants to $1.19 per share
(the Reduced Exercise Price). In consideration for exercising in full all of the Existing Warrants held by
you at the Reduced Exercise Price as set forth on the Holder's signature page hereto (the Warrant Exercise)
on or before the Execution Time (as defined below), the Company hereby offers to issue you or your designee:

a
new unregistered Common Stock Purchase Warrant (New Warrant) pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (Securities Act), to purchase up to a number of shares (the New Warrant
Shares) of Common Stock equal to 200% of the number of Warrant Shares issued pursuant to the Warrant Exercise hereunder, which
New Warrant shall be substantially in the form as reflected in Exhibit A hereto, and have an exercise price per share equal
to $1.19 (subject to adjustment as provided in the New Warrants). Such New Warrant will not be exercisable until the next trading day
immediately following the date on which the Company has received the approval of the stockholders of the Company as may be required by
the applicable rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Stock Market (or any successor entity) with respect to the issuance of shares
of Common Stock underlying the New Warrant (the Shareholder Approval), and have a term of exercise of 5 years from the date
of Shareholder Approval.

The Company will hold a special
or annual meeting of stockholders no later than the 90th calendar date following the date hereof for the purpose of seeking the Shareholder
Approval, with the recommendation of the Companys Board of Directors that such proposal be approved, and the Company shall solicit
proxies from its stockholders in connection therewith in the same manner as all other management proposals in such proxy statement and
all management-appointed proxyholders shall vote their proxies in favor of such proposal at such meeting. If the Company does not obtain
Shareholder Approval at the first meeting, the Company shall call a meeting every ninety (90) days thereafter to seek Shareholder Approval
until the earlier of the date on which Shareholder Approval is obtained or the New Warrants are no longer outstanding.

The
New Warrant certificate(s) will be delivered at Closing (as defined below), and such New Warrants, together with any underlying shares
of Common Stock issued upon exercise of the New Warrants, will, unless and until their sales are registered under the Securities Act,
contain customary restrictive legends and other language typical for an unregistered warrant and unregistered shares. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, in the event that any Warrant Exercise would otherwise cause the Holder to exceed the beneficial ownership
limitations (Beneficial Ownership Limitation) set forth in Section 2(e) of the Existing Warrants
(or, if applicable and at the Holders election, 9.99%), the Company shall only issue such number of Warrant Shares to the Holder
that would not cause the Holder to exceed the maximum number of Warrant Shares permitted thereunder, as directed by the Holder, with the
balance to be held in abeyance until notice from the Holder that the balance (or portion thereof) may be issued in compliance with such
limitations, which abeyance shall be evidenced through the Existing Warrants which shall be deemed prepaid thereafter (including the payment
in full of the exercise price), and exercised pursuant to a Notice of Exercise in the Existing Warrant (provided no additional exercise
price shall be due and payable). The parties hereby agree that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation for purposes of the Existing Warrants
is as set forth on the Holders signature page hereto.

Expressly
subject to the paragraph immediately following this paragraph below, Holder may accept this offer by signing this letter below, with such
acceptance constituting Holder's exercise in full of the Existing Warrants for an aggregate exercise price set forth on the Holders
signature page hereto (the Warrant Exercise Price) on or before 9:00 a.m., Eastern Time, on March 31, 2025
(the Execution Time).

Additionally, the Company
agrees to the representations, warranties and covenants set forth on Annex A attached hereto. Holder represents and warrants that,
as of the date hereof it is, and on each date on which it exercises any New Warrants it will be, an accredited investor
as defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act, and agrees that the New Warrants will contain restrictive
legends when issued, and neither the New Warrants nor the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the New Warrants will be registered
under the Securities Act, except as provided in Annex A attached hereto. Also, Holder represents and warrants that it is acquiring
the New Warrants as principal for its own account and has no direct or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to
distribute or regarding the distribution of the New Warrants or New Warrant Shares (this representation is not limiting Holders
right to sell the New Warrant Shares pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act or otherwise in compliance
with applicable federal and state securities laws).

The Holder understands that
the New Warrants and the New Warrant Shares are not, and may never be, registered under the Securities Act, or the securities laws of
any state and, accordingly, each certificate, if any, representing such securities shall bear a legend substantially similar to the following:

THIS SECURITY
HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION
FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED
OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR
IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES
LAWS. THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT WITH A REGISTERED BROKER-DEALER OR OTHER LOAN WITH
A FINANCIAL INSTITUTION THAT IS AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR OTHER
LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

Certificates evidencing the
New Warrant Shares shall not contain any legend (including the legend set forth above), (i) while a registration statement covering
the resale of such New Warrant Shares is effective under the Securities Act, (ii) following any sale of such New Warrant Shares pursuant
to Rule 144 under the Securities Act, (iii) if such New Warrant Shares are eligible for sale under Rule 144 (assuming cashless
exercise of the New Warrants), without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information required
under Rule 144 as to such New Warrant Shares and without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions, (iv) if such New Warrant Shares
may be sold under Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the New Warrants) and the Company is then in compliance with the current
public information required under Rule 144 as to such New Warrant Shares, or (v) if such legend is not required under applicable
requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the Commission) and the earliest of clauses (i) through (v), the Delegend Date)).
The Company shall cause its counsel to issue a legal opinion to the Transfer Agent promptly after the Delegend Date if required by the
Company and/or the Transfer Agent to effect the removal of the legend hereunder, or at the request of the Holder, which opinion shall
be in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Holder. From and after the Delegend Date, such New Warrant Shares shall be issued
free of all legends. The Company agrees that following the Delegend Date or at such time as such legend is no longer required under this
Section, it will, no later than one (1) Trading Day following the delivery by the Holder to the Company or the Transfer Agent of
a certificate representing the New Warrant Shares issued with a restrictive legend (such first (1st) Trading Day, the Legend
Removal Date), deliver or cause to be delivered to the Holder a certificate representing such shares that is free from all
restrictive and other legends or, at the request of the Holder shall credit the account of the Holders prime broker with the Depository
Trust Company System as directed by the Holder.

In
addition to the Holders other available remedies, the Company shall pay to a Holder, in cash, (i) as partial liquidated damages
and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of New Warrant Shares (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date such New Warrant Shares
are submitted to the Transfer Agent) delivered for removal of the restrictive legend, $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading
Day five (5) Trading Days after such damages have begun to accrue) for each Trading Day after the Legend Removal Date until such
certificate is delivered without a legend and (ii) if the Company fails to (a) issue and deliver (or cause to be delivered)
to the Holder by the Legend Removal Date a certificate representing the New Warrant Shares that is free from all restrictive and other
legends and (b) if after the Legend Removal Date the Holder purchases (in an open market transaction or otherwise) shares of Common
Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of all or any portion of the number of shares of Common Stock, or a sale of a
number of shares of Common Stock equal to all or any portion of the number of shares of Common Stock that the Holder anticipated receiving
from the Company without any restrictive legend, then, an amount equal to the excess of the Holders total purchase price (including
brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased (including brokerage commissions
and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any) (the Buy-In Price) over the product of (A) such number of New Warrant
Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder by the Legend Removal Date and for which the Holder was required to purchase
shares to timely satisfy delivery requirements, multiplied by (B) the weighted average price at which the Holder sold that
number of shares of Common Stock.

If
this offer is accepted and the transaction documents are executed by the Execution Time, as promptly as possible following the Execution
Time, but in any event no later than 9:00 a.m., Eastern Time, on the date hereof, the Company shall file a Current Report on Form 8-K
with the Commission disclosing all material terms of the transactions contemplated hereunder, including the filing with the Commission
of this letter agreement as an exhibit thereto within the time required by the Exchange Act. From and after the issuance of such press
release, the Company represents to you that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to you by
the Company, or any of its respective officers, directors, employees or agents in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.
In addition, effective upon the issuance of such press release, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or
similar obligations under any agreement, whether written or oral, between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective
officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates on the one hand, and you and your Affiliates on the other hand, shall terminate.
The Company represents, warrants and covenants that, upon acceptance of this offer, the Warrant Shares shall be issued free of any legends
or restrictions on resale by Holder.

No
later than the first (1st) Trading Day following the date of the public disclosure of the transactions hereunder, the closing
(Closing) shall occur at such location as the parties shall mutually agree. Unless otherwise directed by Maxim Group
LLC (the Placement Agent), settlement of the Warrant Shares shall occur via Delivery Versus Payment
(DVP) (i.e., on the Closing Date (as defined below), the Company shall issue the Warrant Shares registered in the
Holders names and addresses and released by the Transfer Agent directly to the account(s) at the Placement Agent identified
by each Holder; upon receipt of such Warrant Shares, the Placement Agent shall promptly electronically deliver such Warrant Shares to
the applicable Holder, and payment therefor shall be made by the Placement Agent (or its clearing firm) by wire transfer to the Company).
The date of the Closing of the Warrant Exercise shall be referred to as the Closing Date.

The Company shall pay all
transfer agent fees, stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Warrant Shares. This letter
agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regards to conflicts of laws principles.
Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough
of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby.

***************

Sincerely yours,

BRAINSTORM CELL THERAPEUTICS INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[HOLDER SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

Accepted and Agreed to:

Name of Holder: ________________________________________________________

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Holder: _________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: _______________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: ________________________________________________

Number of Existing Warrants: __________________
(consisting of [ ] warrants issued on June 28, 2024 and [ ] warrants issued on July 19, 2023, as amended on June 28, 2024)

Aggregate Warrant Exercise Price at the Reduced
Exercise Price being exercised contemporaneously with signing this letter agreement: _________________

Existing Warrant Beneficial Ownership Blocker:
4.99% or 9.99%

New Warrants: (200% of the total Existing Warrants
being exercised): ___________

New Warrant Beneficial Ownership Blocker: 
4.99% or 9.99%

DTC Instructions:

[HOLDER SIGNATURE PAGE TO BCLI INDUCEMENT OFFER]

Annex A

Representations,
Warranties and Covenants of the Company. The Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to the Holder:

a) SEC Reports. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents
required to be filed by the Company under the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the
one years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the
foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein SEC Reports).
As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and none of
the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
The Company is not currently an issuer subject to Rule 144(i) under the Securities Act.

b) Authorization; Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter
into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this letter agreement and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder. The
execution and delivery of this letter agreement by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby
have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further action is required by the Company, its board
of directors or its stockholders in connection therewith. This letter agreement has been duly executed by the Company and, when delivered
in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in
accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws
relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification
and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

c) No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of this letter agreement by the Company and
the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby do not and will not: (i) conflict with or violate any provision
of the Companys certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents; or (ii) conflict
with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation
of any liens, claims, security interests, other encumbrances or defects upon any of the properties or assets of the Company in connection
with, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both)
of, any material agreement, credit facility, debt or other material instrument (evidencing Company debt or otherwise) or other material
understanding to which such Company is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company is bound or affected; or (iii) conflict
with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental
authority to which the Company is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset
of the Company is bound or affected, except, in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not have or reasonably
be expected to result in a material adverse effect upon the business, prospects, properties, operations, condition (financial or otherwise)
or results of operations of the Company, taken as a whole, or in its ability to perform its obligations under this letter agreement.

d) Registration Obligations. As soon as practicable (and in any event within forty-five (45) calendar
days of the date of this letter agreement) (the Filing Date), the Company shall file a registration statement on
Form S-3 (or other appropriate form if the Company is not then S-3 eligible) providing for the resale of the New Warrant Shares by
the holders of the New Warrants (the Resale Registration Statement). The Company shall use best efforts to cause
the Resale Registration Statement to become effective within ninety (90) calendar days following the date hereof (or, in the event of
a full review by the Commission, the one hundred and twenty (120) calendar day following the date hereof hereof) (the Effectiveness
Date) and to keep the Resale Registration Statement effective at all times until no holder of the New Warrants owns any New
Warrants or New Warrant Shares. In the event that the Resale Registration Statement is not (i) filed by the Filing Date or (ii) declared
effective by the Commission by the Effectiveness Date, then, in addition to any other rights the holders of New Warrants may have hereunder
or under applicable law, on the Filing Date or the Effectiveness Date (each such date being referred to herein as an Event Date)
and on each monthly anniversary of such Event Date (if the Resale Registration Statement shall not have been filed or declared effective
by the applicable Event Date) until the Resale Registration Statement is filed or declared effective, the Company shall pay to each holder
of New Warrants an amount in cash, as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty, equal to the product of 1.0% multiplied by the
aggregate exercise price of the New Warrants held by each holder of the New Warrants. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions, in no
event shall the amount of liquidated damages payable by the Company to the each holder pursuant to this Section (d) exceed,
in the aggregate, five percent (5.0%) of the aggregate exercise price of the New Warrants held by each holder of the New Warrants.

e) Rule 415; Cutback. If the Commission prevents the Company from including any or all of the
New Warrant Shares in the Resale Registration Statement due to limitations on the use of Rule 415 under the Securities Act or requires
any of the Holders to be named as an underwriter, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to persuade,
consistent with applicable law, the Commission that the offering contemplated by the Resale Registration Statement is a valid secondary
offering and not an offering by or on behalf of the registrant as described in Rule 415 and that the none of the Holders
is an underwriter. In the event that, despite the Companys commercially reasonable efforts and compliance with the
terms of this Section (f), the Commission refuses to alter its position, the Company shall (i) remove from the Resale Registration
Statement only such portion of the New Warrant Shares (the Cut Back Shares) and/or (ii) agree to such restrictions
and limitations on the registration and resale of the New Warrant Shares, in each of (i) and (ii), as the Commission requires to
assure the Companys compliance with the requirements of Rule 415 (collectively, the SEC Restrictions);
provided, however, that the Company shall not agree to name any of the Holders as an underwriter in such Registration
Statement without the prior written consent of each Holder. No liquidated damages shall accrue as to any Cut Back Shares until such date
as the Company is able to effect the registration of such Cut Back Shares in accordance with any SEC Restrictions (such date, the Restriction
Termination Date of such Cut Back Shares). From and after the Restriction Termination Date applicable to any Cut Back Shares,
all of the provisions of this Section (f) shall again be applicable to such Cut Back Shares; provided, however,
that (A) the deadline to file the Resale Registration Statement including such Cut Back Shares shall be forty-five (45) calendar
days after such Restriction Termination Date, and (B) the deadline to have such Resale Registration Statement declared effective
by the Commission with respect to such Cut Back Shares shall be the one-hundred twentieth (120th) calendar day after the Restriction Termination
Date.

f) Trading Market. The transactions contemplated under this letter agreement comply with all the rules and
regulations of the Nasdaq Capital Market.

g) Filings, Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization
or order of, give any notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental
authority or other Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this letter agreement, other than:
(i) the filings required pursuant to this letter agreement, (ii) application(s) or notice to each applicable Trading Market
for the listing of the New Warrants and New Warrant Shares for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby, (iii) the
filing of Form D with the Commission, (iv) the Shareholder Approval for the exercise of the New Warrants and (v) such filings
as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws. For the avoidance of doubt, no further shareholder approval is required
to reduce the Exercise Price of the Existing Warrants and issue the Exercised Shares pursuant to the terms of this Letter Agreement.

h) Listing of Common Stock. The Company hereby agrees to use best efforts to maintain the listing
or quotation of the Common Stock on the Trading Market on which it is currently listed, and concurrently with the Closing, the Company
shall apply to list or quote all of the New Warrant Shares on such Trading Market and promptly secure the listing of all of the New Warrant
Shares on such Trading Market. The Company further agrees, if the Company applies to have the Common Stock traded on any other Trading
Market, it will then include in such application all of the New Warrant Shares, and will take such other action as is necessary to cause
all of the New Warrant Shares to be listed or quoted on such other Trading Market as promptly as possible. The Company will then take
all action reasonably necessary to continue the listing and trading of its Common Stock on a Trading Market and will comply in all respects
with the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Trading Market. The Company agrees
to maintain the eligibility of the Common Stock for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing
corporation, including, without limitation, by timely payment of fees to the Depository Trust Company or such other established clearing
corporation in connection with such electronic transfer.

i) Subsequent Equity Sales.

i.1. From the date hereof until 30 days after the Closing Date, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall
(A) issue, enter into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents
or (B) file any registration statement or any amendment or supplement to any existing registration statement (other than the Resale
Registration Statement referred to herein or a registration statement on Form S-8 in connection with any employee benefit plan).
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section (i)(1) shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance. Exempt Issuance
means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock or options to employees, officers or directors of the Company pursuant to any stock
or option plan duly adopted for such purpose, by a majority of the non-employee members of the Board of Directors or a majority of the
members of a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose for services rendered to the Company, (b) Securities
upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any securities issued hereunder and/or other securities exercisable or exchangeable
for or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this letter agreement, provided that such securities
have not been amended since the date of this letter agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price,
exchange price or conversion price of such securities (other than in connection with stock splits or combinations) or to extend the term
of such securities, and (c) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic transactions approved by a majority of the disinterested
directors of the Company, provided that such securities are issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144)
and carry no registration rights that require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith during the prohibition
period in this Section (i)(1), and provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equityholders of a Person)
which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the business
of the Company and shall provide to the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction
in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing
in securities.

i.2. From the date hereof until 4 months following
the Closing Date, the Company shall be prohibited from effecting or entering into an agreement to effect any issuance by the Company nor
any Subsidiary of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (or a combination of units thereof) involving a Variable Rate Transaction.
Variable Rate Transaction means a transaction in which the Company (i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities
that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the right to receive, additional shares of Common Stock either
(A) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate or other price that is based upon, and/or varies with, the trading prices
of or quotations for the shares of Common Stock at any time after the initial issuance of such debt or equity securities or (B) with
a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or
equity security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company
or the market for the Common Stock or (ii) enters into, or effects a transaction under, any agreement, including, but not limited
to, an equity line of credit or an at-the-market offering, whereby the Company may issue securities at a future determined
price, regardless of whether shares pursuant to such agreement have actually been issued and regardless of whether such agreement is subsequently
canceled; provided, however, that, (i) fifteen (15) days following the Closing Date, the issuance of shares
of Common Stock at a gross sales price of $1.19 or more in an at the market offering under the Companys existing
at-the-market offering facility (the Existing ATM) and (ii) sixty (60) days following the Closing Date, the
Company shall be permitted to sell shares of Common Stock under the Existing ATM. The Holder shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief
against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages.

j) Form D; Blue Sky Filings. If required, the Company agrees to timely file a Form D with respect to the New Warrants and New Warrant Shares as required under Regulation D and to provide a copy thereof, promptly upon request of any Holder. The Company shall take such action as the Company shall reasonably determine is necessary in order to obtain an exemption for, or to qualify the New Warrants and New Warrant Shares for, sale to the Holder at Closing under applicable securities or Blue Sky laws of the states of the United States, and shall provide evidence of such actions promptly upon request of any Holder.

EXHIBIT A

FORM OF NEW WARRANT
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>bcli-20250331.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>bcli-20250331_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>bcli-20250331_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>tm2510890d1_ex1-1img002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 31, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 31, 2025

Entity File Number 001-36641

Entity Registrant Name Brainstorm Cell Therapeutics Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001137883

Entity Tax Identification Number 20-7273918

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 1325 Avenue of Americas

Entity Address, Address Line Two 28th Floor

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10019

City Area Code 201

Local Phone Number 488-0460

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $0.00005 par value

Trading Symbol BCLI

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://brainstorm-cell.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

bcli-20250331.xsd 
bcli-20250331_lab.xml 
bcli-20250331_pre.xml 
tm2510890d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-029580-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>tm2510890d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001137883 

2025-03-31 
2025-03-31 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001137883 
8-K 
2025-03-31 
Brainstorm Cell Therapeutics Inc. 
DE 
001-36641 
20-7273918 
1325 Avenue of Americas 
28th Floor 
New York 
NY 
10019 
201 
488-0460 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.00005 par value 
BCLI 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>