<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-035185.txt : 20250415
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-035185.hdr.sgml : 20250415
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250415172649
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-035185
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250410
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250415
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250415

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Citi Trends Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001318484
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-APPAREL & ACCESSORY STORES [5600]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		EIN:				522150697
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0201

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41886
		FILM NUMBER:		25840673

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		104 COLEMAN BOULEVARD
		CITY:			SAVANNAH
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			31408
		BUSINESS PHONE:		912-236-1561

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		104 COLEMAN BOULEVARD
		CITY:			SAVANNAH
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			31408
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm2512374d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000131848400013184842025-04-102025-04-10iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section
13 or 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date
of earliest event reported): April 10, 2025

Citi Trends, Inc.

(Exact name of
registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 000-41886 52-2150697

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.)

104 Coleman Boulevard, Savannah, Georgia 31408

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (912) 236-1561

Former
name or former address, if changed since last report: Not applicable

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (See General Instruction A.2 below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre- commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common stock, $0.01 par value CTRN Nasdaq Stock Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate
by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On April 10, 2025, Citi Trends, Inc. (the Company)
entered into the Fourth Amendment (Fourth Amendment) to the Credit Agreement (Existing Credit Agreement),
dated as of October 27, 2011 (as previously amended by the First Amendment, dated as of August 18, 2015, the Second Amendment, dated as
of May 12, 2020, and the Third Amendment, dated as of April 15, 2021), by and among the Company, as Borrower, the Companys wholly-owned
subsidiary, Citi Trends Marketing Solutions, Inc., as Guarantor, and Bank of America, N.A., as Lender.

The Fourth Amendment amends the Existing Credit
Agreement to, among other things, (i) extend the maturity date for five-years from August 15, 2026 to April 10, 2030 and (ii) modify certain
covenant terms and fees. The Fourth Amendment continues to provide for a $75 million facility and a $25 million uncommitted accordion
feature that under certain circumstances could allow the Company to increase the size of the facility to $100 million. Borrowings under
the Fourth Amendment will bear interest (a) for Term SOFR loans, at a rate equal to Term SOFR plus either 1.5%, 1.75%, or 2%, or (b) for
Base Rate Loans, at a rate equal to the highest of (i) the prime rate, (ii) the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.5%, or (iii) Term SOFR plus
1.0%, plus, in each case either 1.5%, 1.75%, or 2% based in any such case on the average daily availability for borrowings under the facility.

The Fourth Amendment remains
secured by the Companys inventory, accounts receivable and related assets, but not its real estate, fixtures and equipment. The
Fourth Amendment contains one financial covenant, a fixed charge coverage ratio, which is tested only in certain circumstances.

The foregoing description
of the Fourth Amendment is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Fourth Amendment, which is filed as Exhibit
10.1 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits. 

Exhibit No. Description

10.1* Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of April 10, 2025, by and among the Company, as Borrower, Citi Trends Marketing Solutions, Inc., as Guarantor, and Bank of America, N.A., as Lender.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

*Certain annexes, schedules and exhibits to this Exhibit have been
omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The registrant hereby agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted annex,
schedule or exhibit to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission upon request.

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto
duly authorized.

CITI TRENDS, INC.

Date: April 15, 2025 By: /s/ Heather Plutino 

Name: Heather Plutino

Title: Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm2512374d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

FOURTH AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT

FOURTH AMENDMENT TO
CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Amendment) dated as of April 10, 2025 by and among CITI TRENDS, INC., a
corporation organized under the laws of the State of Delaware, (the Borrower); The GUARANTORS party hereto; and
BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., a national banking association (the Lender) in consideration of the mutual covenants
herein contained and benefits to be derived herefrom.

W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, the Loan Parties
and the Lender have entered into a certain Credit Agreement, dated as of October 27, 2011 (as amended by that certain (i) First
Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of August 18, 2015, (ii) Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of May 12,
2020, (iii) Third Amendment to Credit Agreement and First Amendment to Security Agreement, dated as of April 15, 2021, (iv) LIBOR
Transition Amendment, dated as of May 2, 2023, and (v) as may be further amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented
or otherwise modified from time to time immediately prior to the effectiveness of this Amendment, the Credit Agreement);
and

WHEREAS, the Loan Parties
have requested that the Lender agree to amend certain of the terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement, and the Lender is willing to
do so, but only upon the terms, and subject to the conditions, as provided herein.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual promises and agreements herein contained, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

1. Incorporation of Terms and Conditions of Credit Agreement. All capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the
same meaning as in the Credit Agreement, as amended by this Amendment (as so amended, the Amended Credit Agreement).

2. Representations and Warranties. Each Loan Party hereby represents and warrants that after giving effect to this Amendment,
(i) no Default or Event of Default exists under the Credit Agreement as amended by this Amendment or under any other Loan Document,
(ii) all representations and warranties contained in the Credit Agreement as amended by this Amendment and in the other Loan Documents
are true and correct in all material respects (except in the case of any representation and warranty qualified by materiality
or Material Adverse Effect, which is true and correct in all respects) as of the date hereof, except to the extent that
such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they are true and correct in all material respects
as of such earlier date and (iii) no event has occurred since April 18,
2024 that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Loan Parties, taken as a whole.

3. Amendments.

a. The Credit Agreement (excluding the schedules and exhibits thereto, which shall remain in full force and effect, except as otherwise
provided in subsections (b), (c) and (d) below) is hereby amended such that all of the newly inserted double underlined text
(indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: double-underlined
text) and any formatting changes attached hereto shall be deemed to be inserted and all stricken text (indicated textually
in the same manner as the following example: stricken text) shall be deemed to
be deleted as set forth in Annex A attached hereto.

b. Schedule 9.02 (Lenders Office; Certain Addresses for Notices) to the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by amending and restating
Schedule 9.02 in its entirety as set forth in Annex B attached hereto.

c. The Disclosure Schedule is hereby amended by amending and restating the Disclosure Schedule in its entirety as set forth in Annex
C attached hereto.

d. Exhibit A (Form of Committed Loan Notice) and Exhibit C (Form of Compliance Certificate) to the Credit Agreement
are hereby amended by amending and restating such Exhibits A and C in their entirety as set forth on Annex D attached hereto.

4. Ratification of Loan Documents.

a. The Amended Credit Agreement and all other Loan Documents are hereby ratified and re-affirmed by the Loan Parties in all respects
and shall continue in full force and effect.

b. Without limiting the foregoing, each of the Loan Parties hereby acknowledges, confirms and agrees that any and all Collateral previously
pledged to the Lender pursuant to the Loan Documents shall continue to secure all Obligations of the Loan Parties at any time outstanding,
as such Obligations have been, and may hereafter be, amended, restated, supplemented, increased or otherwise modified from time to time.

5. Conditions to Effectiveness. This Amendment shall only become effective on the date (the Fourth Amendment Effective
Date) when each of the following conditions precedent has been fulfilled (or waived) to the reasonable satisfaction of the
Lender:

a. this Amendment shall have been duly executed and delivered by the Loan Parties and the Lender;

b. the Lender shall have received a certificate of a Responsible Officer of each Loan Party dated as of the Fourth Amendment
Effective Date with respect to and attaching (A) such Loan Partys recently certified certificate of incorporation, articles of incorporation or equivalent
charter document, (B) such Loan Partys bylaws or equivalent organizational document, (C) board resolutions of such Loan
Party authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment and the other Loan Documents relating hereto or as amended
hereby and any documents relating thereto, and (D) specimen signatures of the Responsible Officers of such Loan Party authorized
to execute and deliver this Amendment and the other Loan Documents relating hereto;

c. the Lender shall have received a certificate of good standing of each Loan Party in the jurisdiction of its organization issued no
earlier than thirty (30) days prior to the Fourth Amendment Effective Date;

d. the Lender shall have received an opinion of counsel to the Loan Parties, dated the Fourth Amendment Effective Date and addressed
to the Lender, as to such customary matters concerning the Loan Parties and the Loan Documents as the Lender may reasonably request and
in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Lender;

e. the Loan Parties shall have paid in full to the Lender the amounts set forth in that certain Fourth Amendment Fee Letter, dated as
of the date hereof, by and between the Loan Parties and the Lender;

f. the Lender shall have received the results of a recent Lien search in each jurisdiction where each Loan Party is organized and to
the extent requested by Lender, where the assets of such Loan Party are located, and such search shall reveal no Liens on any of the assets
of a Loan Party except for Permitted Encumbrances;

g. the Lender shall have received all documentation and other information required by regulatory authorities under applicable know
your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including without limitation the Act and a Beneficial Ownership
Certification in relation to any Loan Party that qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation;

h. no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing;

i. all representations and warranties made by each Loan Party contained herein and in the other Loan Documents shall be true and correct
in all material respects (except in the case of any representation and warranty qualified by materiality or Material
Adverse Effect, which is true and correct in all respects) as of the date hereof, except to the extent that such representations
and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they are true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier
date; and

j. all necessary consents and approvals to authorize this Amendment shall have been obtained by the Loan Parties.

6. Post Closing Obligations. No later than thirty (30) days after the date hereof (or such later date agreed to in writing by
the Lender), the Loan Parties shall deliver to the Lender copies of each Credit Card Notification which
have been executed on behalf of the applicable Loan Parties and delivered to such Loan Partys credit card clearinghouses and processors
listed on Schedule 5.21(b) to the Disclosure Schedule.

7. Fees and Expenses. The Borrower shall pay all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses of the Lender (including the reasonable
fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Lender) incurred in connection with the preparation, negotiation, execution and delivery
of this Amendment, in each case, in accordance with Section 9.04(a) of the Credit Agreement.

8. Binding Effect; Integration, Etc. The terms and provisions hereof shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties
hereto and their heirs, representatives, successors and assigns. This Amendment and the Amended Credit Agreement shall hereafter be read
and construed together as a single document, which, together with the other Loan Documents constitute the entire contract amount the parties
relating to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede any and all previous agreements, understandings, oral or written, relating
to such subject matter. All references in the Credit Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument related to the
Credit Agreement shall hereafter refer to the Amended Credit Agreement. This Amendment shall constitute a Loan Document.

9. Multiple Counterparts; Effectiveness. This Amendment may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different
counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. Delivery
of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment by facsimile or other electronic imaging (including in .pdf format)
means shall be as effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment.

10. Governing Law. THIS AMENDMENT AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE)
BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AMENDMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND THEREBY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND
CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Amendment has
been duly executed and delivered by each of the parties hereto as of the date first above written.

CITI
TRENDS, INC., as Borrower

By:
/s/
Kenneth Seipel

Name:
Kenneth
Seipel

Title:
Chief
Executive Officer

CITI
TRENDS MARKETING SOLUTIONS, INC., as a Guarantor

By:
/s/
Melanie Stanfield

Name:
Melanie
Stanfield

Title:
President

[Citi Trends Signature Page to Fourth
Amendment]

BANK
OF AMERICA, N.A., as Lender 

By: /s/
Bryn Lynch 

Name: Bryn
Lynch 

Title: Vice
President 

[Citi Trends- Signature Page to Fourth
Amendment]

Annex
A

Amended Credit Agreement

[See Attached]

[Conformed through Fourth
Amendment to Credit Agreement,

COMPOSITE
CREDIT AGREEMENT THROUGH THIRD AMENDMENT

dated as of April 10, 2025]

CREDIT AGREEMENT

Dated as of October 27, 2011 among

CITI TRENDS, INC.,

as the Borrower

THE RESTRICTED SUBSIDIARIES OF THE BORROWER IDENTIFIED
HEREIN,

as the Guarantors

and

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.,

as the Lender

[Different first page link-to-previous
setting changed from on in original to off in modified.].

COMPOSITE
CREDIT AGREEMENT

THROUGH THIRD AMENDMENT

ARTICLE I. DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 1

1.01 Defined Terms 1

1.02 Other Interpretive Provisions 4853

1.03 Accounting Terms 4954

1.04 Rounding 54

1.05 Times of Day 5054

1.06 Letter of Credit Amounts 5054

1.07 Currency Equivalents Generally 5054

1.08 Interest Rates 5054

ARTICLE II. THE COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS 55

2.01 Committed Loans; Reserves 5155

2.02 Committed Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Committed Loans 5155

2.03 Letters of Credit 5358

2.04 Prepayments 6065

2.05 Termination or Reduction of Commitments 6166

2.06 Repayment of Obligations 6166

2.07 Interest 6166

2.08 Fees 6267

2.09 Computation of Interest and Fees 6267

2.10 Evidence of Debt 6368

2.11 Payments Generally; Lenders Clawback 6368

2.12 Increase in Commitments 6368

ARTICLE III. TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY 6469

3.01 Taxes 6469

3.02 Illegality 6772

3.03 Inability to Determine Rates 6772

3.04 Increased Costs; Reserves on Eurodollar RateTerm
SOFR Loans 7177

3.05 Compensation for Losses 78

3.06 Survival 7379

ARTICLE IV. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CLOSING AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS 7379

4.01 Conditions to Closing 7379

4.02 Conditions to all Credit Extensions 7682

ARTICLE V. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 83

5.01 Existence, Qualification and Power 7783

5.02 Authorization; No Contravention 7783

5.03 Governmental Authorization; Other Consents 83

5.04 Binding Effect 84

5.05 Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect 7884

5.06 Litigation 84

5.07 No Default 85

5.08 Ownership of Property; Liens 85

5.09 Environmental Compliance 86

5.10 Insurance 87

5.11 Taxes 87

5.12 ERISA Compliance 8187

5.13 Subsidiaries; Equity Interests 8288

5.14 Margin Regulations; Investment Company Act 8288

5.15 Disclosure 89

5.16 Compliance with Laws 8389

5.17 Intellectual Property; Licenses, Etc. 8389

5.18 Labor Matters 8389

5.19 Security
Documents 8490

5.20 Solvency 8490

5.21 Deposit
Accounts; Credit Card Arrangements 8491

5.22 Brokers 91

5.23 Trade Relations 91

5.24 Material Contracts 8591

5.25 Casualty 8591

5.26 OFAC 8591

5.27 Anti-Corruption Laws 92

5.28 Beneficial Ownership Certificate 92

5.29 Covered Entities 92

5.30 EEA Financial Institution 92

ARTICLE VI. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 92

6.01 Financial Statements 8692

6.02 Certificates; Other Information 8793

6.03 Notices 8995

6.04 Payment of Obligations 9096

6.05 Preservation of Existence, Etc. 9097

6.06 Maintenance of Properties 97

6.07 Maintenance of Insurance 97

6.08 Compliance with Laws 9298

6.09 Books and Records; Accountants 9299

6.10 Inspection Rights 99

6.11 Additional Loan Parties 94100

6.12 Cash Management 94101

6.13 Information Regarding the Collateral 102

6.14 Physical Inventories 96103

6.15 Environmental Laws 103

6.16 Further Assurances 97103

6.17 Compliance with Terms of Leaseholds 97104

6.18 Material Contracts 97104

6.19 Anti-Corruption Laws; Sanctions 104

6.20 Designation of Subsidiaries 98104

ARTICLE VII. NEGATIVE COVENANTS 98105

7.01 Liens 98105

7.02 Investments 105

7.03 Indebtedness; Disqualified Stock; Equity Issuances 105

7.04 Fundamental Changes 99105

7.05 Dispositions 99106

7.06 Restricted Payments 99106

7.07 Prepayments of Indebtedness 100107

7.08 Change in Nature of Business 107

7.09 Transactions with Affiliates 107

7.10 Burdensome Agreements 101108

7.11 Use of Proceeds 102109

7.12 Amendment of Material Documents 102109

7.13 Fiscal Year 102109

7.14 Deposit Accounts; Credit Card Processors 102109

7.15 Financial Covenant 109

ARTICLE VIII. EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 109

8.01 Events of Default 109

8.02 Remedies Upon Event of Default 106113

8.03 Application of Funds 114

ARTICLE IX. MISCELLANEOUS 108115

9.01 Amendments, Etc. 108115

9.02 Notices; Effectiveness; Electronic Communications 108115

9.03 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies 116

9.04 Expenses;
Indemnity; Damage Waiver 117

9.05 Payments Set Aside 111118

9.06 Successors and Assigns 119

9.07 Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality 113120

9.08 Right of Setoff 114121

9.09 Interest Rate Limitation 122

9.10 Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness 122

9.11 Survival 115122

9.12 Severability 115123

9.13 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc. 123

9.14 Waiver of Jury Trial 124

9.15 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility 117124

9.16 USA PATRIOT Act Notice 125

9.17 [Reserved] 125

9.18 Time of the Essence 118125

9.19 Press Releases 118125

9.20 Additional Waivers 126

9.21 No Strict Construction 120127

9.22 Attachments 120128

9.23 Keepwell 120128

9.24 Electronic Execution of Assignments and Certain Other Documents; Electronic Records; Counterparts 128

9.25 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 130

SCHEDULES

Schedule 6.02 Financial and Collateral Reporting

Schedule 9.02 Lender's Office; Certain Addresses for Notices

EXHIBITS

Form of

A Committed Loan Notice

B Revolving Note

C Compliance Certificate

D Assignment and Assumption

E Borrowing Base Certificate

F Credit Card Notification

CREDIT AGREEMENT

This CREDIT AGREEMENT (Agreement)
is entered into as of October 27, 2011, among CITI TRENDS, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower),
the Guarantors parties hereto, and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Lender (the Lender) (as amended by that certain (a) First
Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of August 18, 2015, (ii) Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of May 12,
2020, (iii) Third Amendment to Credit Agreement and First Amendment to Security Agreement, dated as of April 15, 2021, and
(iv) LIBOR Transition Amendment, dated
as of May 2, 2023, (v) Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement,
dated as of April 10, 2025 and (vi) as may be further amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise
modified from time to time);

The Borrower has requested
that the Lender provide a revolving credit facility, and the Lender has indicated its willingness to lend and the L/C Issuer has indicated
its willingness to issue Letters of Credit, in each case on the terms and conditions set forth herein.

In consideration of the mutual
covenants and agreements herein contained, the parties hereto covenant and agree as follows:

ARTICLE I.

DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS

1.01 Defined
Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below:

Accelerated Borrowing
Base Delivery Event means either (a) the occurrence and continuance of any Event of Default, or (b) the failure of the
Borrower to maintain Availability at least equal to the greater of (i) twenty percent (20%) of the Loan Cap and (ii) $11,250,000,
in the case of each of clauses (i) and (ii), for three (3) consecutive Business Days. For purposes of this Agreement, the occurrence
of an Accelerated Borrowing Base Delivery Event shall be deemed continuing (i) so long as such Event of Default is continuing, and/or
(ii) if the Accelerated Borrowing Base Delivery Event arises as a result of the Borrowers failure to maintain Availability
under clause (b) of this definition, until Availability has exceeded twenty percent (20%) of the Loan Cap for thirty (30) consecutive
calendar days, in which case an Accelerated Borrowing Base Delivery Event shall no longer be deemed to be continuing for purposes of this
Agreement. The termination of an Accelerated Borrowing Base Delivery Event as provided herein shall in no way limit, waive or delay the
occurrence of a subsequent Accelerated Borrowing Base Delivery Event in the event that the conditions set forth in this definition again
arise.

Acceptable Credit Card Issuer means
any major credit or debit card issuer approved by the Lender (including, but not limited to, Visa, MasterCard, Discover and American Express).

ACH means automated clearing house transfers.

Accommodation Payment as defined in Section 9.20(d).

1

Account means
accounts as defined in the UCC, and also means a right to payment of a monetary obligation, whether or not earned by performance,
(a) for property that has been or is to be sold, leased, licensed, assigned, or otherwise disposed of, (b) for services rendered
or to be rendered, or (c) arising out of the use of a credit or charge card or information contained on or for use with the card.

Acquisition
means, with respect to any Person (a) a purchase of a Controlling interest in, the Equity Interests of any other Person, (b) a
purchase or other acquisition of all or substantially all of the assets or properties of, another Person or of any business unit of another
Person, (c) any merger or consolidation of such Person with any other Person or other transaction or series of transactions resulting
in the acquisition of all or substantially all of the assets, or a Controlling interest in the Equity Interests, of such other Person,
or (d) any acquisition of any material portion of the Store locations of any Person, in each case in any transaction or group of
transactions which are part of a common plan.

Act shall have the meaning
provided in Section 9.16.

Adjustment Date
means the first day of each Fiscal Quarter, commencing November 1August 3,
20152025.

Affected
Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution.

Affiliate means,
with respect to any Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled
by or is under common Control with the Person specified.

Agreement means this Credit
Agreement.

Allocable Amount has the
meaning specified in Section 9.20(d). Anti-Corruption Laws has the meaning specified in Section 5.27.

Applicable Margin
means (i) from and after the ThirdFourth
Amendment Effective Date until the first Adjustment Date, the percentages
set forth in Level I of the pricing grid below; and (ii) from and after the first Adjustment Date and on each Adjustment
Date thereafter, the Applicable Margin shall be determined from the following pricing grid based upon the Average Daily Availability for
the Fiscal Quarter most recently ended immediately preceding such Adjustment Date; provided further if any Borrowing Base Certificates
are at any time restated or otherwise revised (including as a result of an audit) or if the information set forth in such financial statements
or any Borrowing Base Certificates otherwise proves to be false or incorrect such that the Applicable Margin would have been higher than
was otherwise in effect during any period, without constituting a waiver of any Default or Event of Default arising as a result thereof,
interest due under this Agreement shall be immediately recalculated at such higher rate for any applicable periods and shall be due and
payable on demand.

2

Level Average

Daily EurodollarTerm

SOFR Base Rate

Margin

Availability Margin 

I Greater than or equal to 50% of the Loan Cap 1.251.50% 0.250.50%

II Less than 50% of the Loan Cap but greater than or equal to 25% of the Loan Cap 1.501.75% 0.500.75%

III Less than 25% of the Loan Cap 1.752.00% 0.751.00%

Applicable Rate
means (i) with respect to each Commercial Letter of Credit issued hereunder, two percent (2.00%) and (ii) with respect to each
Standby Letter of Credit issued hereunder, a per annum rate equal to the Applicable Margin for Loans which are Eurodollar
RateTerm SOFR Loans.

Appraisal Percentage means
ninety percent (90%).

Appraised Value
means with respect to Eligible Inventory, the appraised orderly liquidation value, net of costs and expenses to be incurred in connection
with any such liquidation, which value is expressed as a percentage of Cost of Eligible Inventory as set forth in the inventory stock
ledger of the Borrower, which value shall be determined from time to time by the most recent appraisal undertaken by an independent appraiser
engaged by the Lender (which shall be one of Tiger Group, Gordon Brothers, B. Riley or Hilco).

Approved Fund
means any Fund that is administered or managed by (a) the Lender, (b) an Affiliate of the Lender (c) an entity or an Affiliate
of an entity that administers or manages the Lender, or (d) the same investment advisor or an advisor under common control with the
Lender, Affiliate or advisor, as applicable.

Assignee Group
means two or more Eligible Assignees that are Affiliates of one another or two or more Approved Funds managed by the same investment advisor.

Assignment and Assumption
means an assignment and assumption entered into by the Lender and an Eligible Assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is
required by Section 9.06(b)), and accepted by the Lender, in substantially the form of Exhibit D or any other
form approved by the Lender.

Attributable Indebtedness
means, on any date, (a) in respect of any Capital Lease Obligation of any Person, the capitalized amount thereof that would appear
on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP, and (b) in respect of any Synthetic Lease Obligation,
the capitalized amount of the remaining lease or similar payments under the relevant lease or other applicable agreement or instrument
that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP if such lease, agreement or instrument
were accounted for as a capital lease.

3

Audited Financial Statements
means the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the Fiscal Year ended January 29, 2011, and
the related consolidated statements of income or operations, Shareholders Equity and cash flows for such Fiscal Year of the Borrower
and its Subsidiaries, including the notes thereto.

Auto-Extension Letter
of Credit shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.03(b)(iii).

Availability means, as of any date
of determination thereof by the Lender, the result, if a positive number, of:

(a) the Loan Cap,

minus

(b) the Total Outstandings.

Availability Period
means the period from and including the Closing Date to the earliest of (a) the Maturity Date, (b) the date of termination of
the Commitments pursuant to Section 2.05, and (c) the date of termination of the commitment of the Lender to make Loans
and of the obligation of the L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions pursuant to Section 8.02.

Availability Reserves
means, without duplication of any other Reserves or items that are otherwise addressed or excluded through eligibility criteria, such
reserves as the Lender from time to time reasonably determines in its Permitted Discretion as being appropriate (a) to reflect the
impediments to the Lenders ability to realize upon the Collateral, (b) to reflect claims and liabilities that the Lender determines
will need to be satisfied in connection with the realization upon the Collateral, or (c) to reflect criteria, events, conditions,
contingencies or risks which adversely affect any component of the Borrowing Base, or the assets, business, financial performance or financial
condition of any Loan Party. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Availability Reserves may include, but are not limited
to, as the Lender reasonably determines in its Permitted Discretion, reserves based on: (i) rent; (ii) customs duties, and other
costs to release Inventory which is being imported into the United States; (iii) outstanding Taxes and other governmental charges,
including, without limitation, ad valorem, real estate, personal property, sales, claims of the PBGC and other Taxes which may have priority
over the interests of the Lender in the Collateral; (iv) salaries, wages and benefits due to employees of the Borrower, (v) Customer
Credit Liabilities; (vi) customer deposits; (viii) reserves for reasonably anticipated changes in the Appraised Value of Eligible
Inventory between appraisals; (viii) warehousemens or bailees charges and other Permitted Encumbrances which may have
priority over the interests of the Lender in the Collateral; (ix) amounts due to vendors on account of consigned goods, if any, (x) Cash
Management Reserves, (xi) Bank Product Reserves, and (xii) royalties payable in respect of licensed merchandise. Average
Daily Availability means, for any Fiscal Quarter, an amount equal to the sum of Availability for each day of such Fiscal Quarter
divided by the actual number of days in such Fiscal Quarter, as determined by the Lender, which determination shall be conclusive absent
manifest error.

4

Bail-In
Action means the exercise
of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution.

Bail-In
Legislation means, (i) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the
European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, rule, regulation or requirement for such EEA Member
Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (ii) with respect to the United Kingdom,
Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from
time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable
in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their
affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings).

Bank of America means Bank of America, N.A.
and its successors.

Bank Products
means any services of facilities provided to any Loan Party by the Lender or any of its Affiliates, including, without limitation, on
account of (a) Swap Contracts, (b) purchase cards, (c) leasing, (d) factoring, and (e) supply chain finance services
(including, without limitation, trade payable services and supplier accounts receivable purchases), but excluding Cash Management Services.

Bank Product Reserves
means such reserves as the Lender from time to time determine in its discretion as being appropriate to reflect the liabilities and obligations
of the Loan Parties with respect to Bank Products then provided or outstanding.

Bankers Acceptance
means a time draft or bill of exchange or other deferred payment obligation relating to a Commercial Letter of Credit which has been accepted
by the Issuing Lender.

Base Rate means
for any day a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Rate plus 1/2 of 1% (b) the rate
of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by Bank of America as its prime rate, and (c) the
Eurodollar Rate (or, on and following the LIBOR Replacement Date, the LIBOR Successor Rate in accordance
with Section 3.03)Term
SOFR plus 1.00%. The prime rate is a rate set by Bank of America based upon various factors including Bank of
Americas costs and desired return, general economic conditions and other factors, and is used as a reference point for pricing
some loans, which may be priced at, above, or below such announced rate. Any change in such prime rate announced by Bank of America shall
take effect at the opening of business on the day specified in the public announcement of such change. If the Base Rate is being used
as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 3.03 hereof, then the Base Rate shall be the greater of clauses (a) and
(b) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above.

5

Base Rate Loan means a Loan that bears interest
based on the Base Rate.

Beneficial Ownership
Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation.

Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R.
1010.230.

Benefit Plan
means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan
as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42)
or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan
or plan.

BHC Act Affiliate
of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of
such party.

Blocked Account has the meaning provided in
Section 6.12(a)(ii).

Blocked Account Agreement
means with respect to an account established by a Loan Party, an agreement, in form and substance satisfactory to the Lender, establishing
control (as defined in the UCC) of such account by the Lender and whereby the bank maintaining such account agrees, upon the occurrence
and during the continuance of a Cash Dominion Event, to comply only with the instructions originated by the Lender without the further
consent of any Loan Party.

Blocked Account Bank
means each bank with whom deposit accounts are maintained in which any funds of any of the Loan Parties from one or more DDAs are concentrated
and with whom a Blocked Account Agreement has been, or is required to be, executed in accordance with the terms hereof.

Borrower has the meaning
specified in the introductory paragraph hereto.

Borrowing Base means,
at any time of calculation, an amount equal to:

(a) the
face amount of Eligible Credit Card Receivables multiplied by the Credit Card Advance Rate;

plus

(b) the
Cost of Eligible Inventory, net of Inventory Reserves, multiplied by the product of Appraisal Percentage multiplied by the Appraised Value
of Eligible Inventory;

minus

(c) 
the then amount of all Availability Reserves.

Borrowing Base Certificate
means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit E hereto (with such changes therein as may be required by the Lender
to reflect the components of and reserves against the Borrowing Base as provided for hereunder from time to time), executed and certified
as accurate and complete by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower which shall include appropriate exhibits, schedules, supporting documentation,
and additional reports as reasonably requested by the Lender.

6

Business means
the operation of a retail business with stores and other sales channels, which offers for sale urban fashion apparel, footwear, intimate
apparel, accessories and home decor items, and ancillary businesses related thereto.

Business Day
means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks are authorized to close under the Laws of, or are in
fact closed in, the state where the Lenders Office is located and, if such day relates to any
Eurodollar Rate Loan,means anysuchday
on whichdealings in Dollar deposits are conducted by and between banksin
theLondon interbank market.

Capital Expenditures
means, with respect to any Person for any period, (a) all expenditures made (whether made in the form of cash or other property)
or costs incurred for the acquisition or improvement of fixed or capital assets of such Person (excluding normal replacements and maintenance
which are properly charged to current operations), in each case that are (or should be) set forth as capital expenditures in a Consolidated
statement of cash flows of such Person for such period, in each case prepared in accordance with GAAP, and (b) Capital Lease Obligations
incurred by a Person during such period and recorded on the balance sheet of such Person.

Capital Lease Obligations
means, with respect to any Person for any period, the obligations of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under any lease of (or other
arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof, which obligations are required to be classified
and accounted for as liabilities on a balance sheet of such Person under GAAP and the amount of which obligations shall be the capitalized
amount thereof determined in accordance with GAAP.

Cash Collateral Account
means a non-interest bearing account established by one or more of the Loan Parties with Bank of America, and in the name of, the Lender
(or as the Lender shall otherwise direct) and under the sole and exclusive dominion and control of the Lender, in which deposits are required
to be made in accordance with Section 2.03(f) or 8.02(c).

Cash Collateralize
has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(f). Derivatives of such term have corresponding meanings.

Cash Dominion Event
means either (a) the occurrence and continuance of any Event of Default, or (b) the failure of the Borrower at any time to maintain
Availability of at least the greater of (i) twelve and one-half percent (12.5%) of the Loan Cap and $7,500,000, in the case of each
of clauses (i) and (ii), for three (3) consecutive Business Days. For purposes of this Agreement, the occurrence of a Cash Dominion
Event shall be deemed continuing (i) so long as such Event of Default is continuing, and/or (ii) if the Cash Dominion Event
arises as a result of the Borrowers failure to maintain Availability under clause (b) of this definition, until Availability
has exceeded twelve and one-half percent (12.5%) of the Loan Cap for thirty (30) consecutive calendar days, in which case a Cash Dominion
Event shall no longer be deemed to be continuing for purposes of this Agreement. The termination of a Cash Dominion Event as provided
herein shall in no way limit, waive or delay the occurrence of a subsequent Cash Dominion Event in the event that the conditions set forth
in this definition again arise.

7

Cash Management Reserves
means such reserves as the Lender, from time to time, reasonably determines as being appropriate to reflect the reasonably anticipated
liabilities and obligations of the Loan Parties with respect to Cash Management Services then provided or outstanding.

Cash Management Services
means any cash management services provided to any Loan Party by the Lender or any of its Affiliates, including, without limitation, (a) ACH
transactions, (b) controlled disbursement services, treasury, depository, overdraft, and electronic funds transfer services, (c) credit
card processing services, and (d) credit or debit cards.

CERCLA means
the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act, 42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.

Change in Law
means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule,
regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation
or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether
or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority, provided that notwithstanding anything to the contrary, (i) the
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection
therewith or in the implementation thereof and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International
Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory
authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law regardless of the date
enacted, adopted, issued or implemented.

Change of Control means
an event or series of events by which:

(a) any
person or group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, but excluding any employee benefit plan of such person or its subsidiaries, and excluding any person or entity acting in its
capacity as trustee, Lender or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan) becomes the beneficial owner (as defined
in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except that a person or group shall be deemed to have beneficial
ownership of all securities that such person or group has the right to acquire, whether such right is exercisable immediately or
only after the passage of time (such right, an option right)), directly or indirectly, of thirty-five percent (35%)
or more of the Equity Interests of the Borrower entitled to vote for members of the board of directors or equivalent governing body of
the Borrower on a fully-diluted basis (and taking into account all such Equity Interests that such person or group
has the right to acquire pursuant to any option right); or

8

(b) any
change in control in any document governing Material Indebtedness of any Loan Party; or

(c) the
Borrower fails at any time to own, directly or indirectly, one hundred percent (100%) of the Equity Interests of each other Loan Party
free and clear of all Liens (other than Permitted Liens), except where such failure is as a result of a transaction permitted by the Loan
Documents.

Closing Date means October 27, 2011.

CME
means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited.

Code means the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and the regulations promulgated thereunder, as amended and in effect.

Collateral means
any and all Collateral as defined in any applicable Security Document and all other property that is or is intended under
the terms of the Security Documents to be subject to Liens in favor of the Lender.

Collateral Access Agreement
means an agreement reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Lender executed (to the extent required by this Agreement) by
(a) a bailee, vendor or other Person in possession of Collateral, (b) a landlord of Real Estate leased by any Loan Party, and
in the case of (a) and (b), pursuant to which such bailee, vendor, landlord or other Person (i) acknowledges the Lenders
Lien on the Collateral, (ii) releases or subordinates such Persons Liens in the Collateral held by such Person or located
on such Real Estate, (iii) provides the Lender with access to the Collateral held by such bailee or other Person or located in or
on such Real Estate, (iv) as to any landlord, provides the Lender with a reasonable time to sell and dispose of the Collateral from
such Real Estate, and (v) makes such other agreements with the Lender as the Lender may reasonably require and (c) a mortgagee
with respect to any Real Estate owned by any Loan Party, pursuant to which such Person (i) agrees to provide the Lender with access
to the Collateral located in or on such Real Estate, (ii) agrees to provide the Lender with a reasonable time to sell and dispose
of the Collateral from such Real Estate, and (iii) makes such other agreements with the Lender as the Lender may reasonably require.
Collection Account has the meaning provided in Section 6.12(c).

Commercial Letter of
Credit means any letter of credit or similar instrument (including, without limitation, Bankers Acceptances) issued for
the purpose of providing the primary payment mechanism in connection with the purchase of any materials, goods or services by a Loan Party
in the ordinary course of business of such Loan Party.

Commitment means,
as to the Lender, its obligation to (a) make Committed Loans to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01 and (b) issue
Letters of Credit, in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed $75,000,000, as such amount may be adjusted
from time to time in accordance with this Agreement.

9

Commitment Fee Percentage
means one-fifthone-quarter
of one percent (0.200.25%)
per annum.

Committed Borrowing
means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Committed Loans of the same Type and, in the case of Eurodollar
RateTerm SOFR Loans, having the same Interest
Period made by the Lender pursuant to Section 2.01.

Committed Loan has the meaning specified in
Section 2.01.

Committed Loan Notice
means a notice of (a) a Committed Borrowing, (b) a Conversion of Committed Loans from one Type to the other, or (c) a continuation
of Eurodollar RateTerm
SOFR Loans, pursuant to Section 2.02(b), which, if in writing, shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A
or such other form as may be approved by the Lender, including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as
shall be approved by the Lender, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower.

Commodity Exchange Act means the Commodity
Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.).

Communication
means this Agreement, any Loan Document and any document, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice, certificate, request, statement,
disclosure or authorization related to any Loan Document.

Compliance Certificate means a certificate
substantially in the form of Exhibit C.

Conforming
Changes means, with respect to the use,
administration of or any conventions
associated with SOFR or any
proposed Successor Rate or
Term SOFR,
as applicable, any conforming changes to the definitions
of Base Rate,
SOFR, Term SOFR and Interest
Period,
timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and other technical, administrative or operational matters (including,
for the avoidance of doubt, the definitions of Business
Day and U.S. Government Securities Business Day,
timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation
notices and length of lookback periods) as may be appropriate, in the discretion of the Lender, to reflect the adoption and implementation
of such applicable rate(s) and
to permit the administration thereof by the Lender in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Lender determines
that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or that no market practice for the administration
of such rate exists,
in such other manner of administration as the Lender determines is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this
Agreement and any other Loan Document).Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or
measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes.

Consolidated
means, when used to modify a financial term, test, statement, or report of a Person, the application or preparation of such term, test,
statement or report (as applicable) based upon the consolidation, in accordance with GAAP, of the financial condition or operating results
of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries.

10

Consolidated
EBITDA means, at any date of determination, an amount equal to Consolidated Net Income of the Borrower and its Restricted
Subsidiaries on a Consolidated basis for the most recently completed Measurement Period, plus without duplication (a) the
following to the extent deducted from, reducing or excluded from the calculation of such Consolidated Net Income:
(i) Consolidated Interest Charges, (ii) the provision for federal, state, local and foreign income taxes,
(iii) depreciation and amortization expense, (iv) asset impairment expense, loss on disposal of property and equipment,
stock-based compensation expense, and other expenses reducing such Consolidated Net Income, in each case which do not represent a
cash item in such period or any future period (in each case of or by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such Measurement Period,
(v) any expenses, fees, charges or losses (other than depreciation and amortization expenses) related to any equity offering or
issuance, Investment, acquisition, Disposition, conveyance, refinancing or recapitalization permitted hereunder or the
incurrence of Indebtedness permitted to be incurred hereunder (in each case, including any such transaction undertaken but not
completed and/or not successful), in each case, excluding expenses, fees, or charges described in clause (vi) of this
definition, (vi) any expenses, fees, or charges related to the closing of the transactions under the Loan Documents and any
amendment or other modification of the Loans, (vii) to the extent not already included in the Consolidated Net Income,
(A) any expenses and charges that are reimbursed by indemnification or other reimbursement provisions in connection with any
investment or any sale, conveyance, transfer or other Disposition of assets permitted hereunder and (B) to the extent covered
by insurance and actually reimbursed, or, so long as the Borrower has made a determination that there exists reasonable evidence
that such amount will in fact be reimbursed by the insurer and only to the extent that such amount is (x) not denied by the
applicable carrier in writing within 180 days and (y) in fact reimbursed within 365 days of the date of such evidence (with a
deduction for any amount so added back to the extent not so reimbursed within such 365 days), expenses with respect to liability or
casualty events or business interruption, (viii) expenses related to the pre-opening, opening or closing of stores for such
Measurement Period, and (ix) expenses related to the renovation of stores for such Measurement Period; provided that the
aggregate amount of add-backs pursuant to clauses, (v), (viii) and (ix) of this definition shall not exceed not to exceed
15% of Consolidated EBITDA (calculated prior to such add-backs) in any Measurement Period; minus (b) the following to the
extent included in calculating such Consolidated Net Income: (i) federal, state, local and foreign income tax credits and
(ii) all non-cash items increasing Consolidated Net Income (in each case of or by Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries for
such Measurement Period), all as determined on a Consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP.

Consolidated Fixed
Charge Coverage Ratio means, at any date of determination, the ratio of (a) (i) Consolidated EBITDA for such period minus
(ii) unfinanced portion of Capital Expenditures made during such period, minus (iii) the aggregate amount of federal, state,
local and foreign income taxes paid in cash during such period (but not less than zero) to (b) the sum of (i) Debt Service Charges
plus (ii) the aggregate amount of all Restricted Payments, in each case, of or by Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries (other
than to the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) for the most recently completed Measurement Period, all as determined on a
Consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP.

11

Consolidated Interest
Charges means, for any Measurement Period, the sum of (a) all interest, premium payments, debt discount, fees, charges and
related expenses in connection with borrowed money (including capitalized interest) or in connection with the deferred purchase price
of assets, in each case to the extent treated as interest in accordance with GAAP, including, without limitation, all commissions, discounts
and other fees and charges owed with respect to letters of credit and bankers acceptance financing and net costs under Swap Contracts
and (b) the portion of rent expense with respect to such period under Capital Lease Obligations that is treated as interest in accordance
with GAAP, in each case of or by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries for the most recently completed Measurement Period, all
as determined on a Consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, but without duplication of items already excluded under GAAP: (a) amortization
of deferred financing costs, debt issuance costs, commissions, fees and expenses, (b) any expenses resulting from discounting of
Indebtedness in connection with the application of recapitalization accounting or purchase accounting, (c) penalties or interest
related to taxes and any other amounts of non-cash interest resulting from the effects of acquisition method accounting or pushdown accounting,
(d) the accretion or accrual of, or accrued interest on, discounted liabilities (other than accretion of discount on Indebtedness)
during such period, (e) non-cash interest expense attributable to the movement of the mark-to-market valuation of Swap Contracts
or other derivative instruments, (f) any one-time cash costs associated with breakage in respect of Swap Obligations, and (g) expensing
of bridge, arrangement, structuring, commitment or other financing fees.

Consolidated Net Income
means, as of any date of determination, the net income of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries for the most recently completed
Measurement Period, all as determined on a Consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, provided, however, that there shall be excluded
without duplication (a) extraordinary gains and extraordinary losses for such Measurement Period, (b) the income (or loss) of
any Person that is not a Restricted Subsidiary during such Measurement Period except to the extent of the amount of cash dividends or
other distributions actually paid in cash to the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary during such Measurement Period, (c) the income
(or loss) of such Subsidiary during such Measurement Period and accrued prior to the date it becomes a Restricted Subsidiary or is merged
into or consolidated with Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or that Persons assets are acquired by the Borrower or
any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, (d) the income of any Restricted Subsidiary to the extent that the declaration or payment of
dividends or similar distributions by that Restricted Subsidiary of that income is not at the time permitted by operation of the terms
of its Organization Documents or any agreement, instrument, judgment, decree, order, statute, rule or governmental regulation applicable
to that Restricted Subsidiary, except that the Borrowers equity in any net loss of any such Restricted Subsidiary for such Measurement
Period shall be included in determining Consolidated Net Income, (e) any non-cash goodwill or other intangible asset impairment charge
or write-off, (f) any non-cash net unrealized gains and losses resulting from Swap Contracts, and (g) any non-cash purchase
accounting effects including, but not limited to, effects in connection with deferred rent payments and tenant allowance amortization
and adjustments, adjustments to inventory, property and equipment, software and other intangible assets and deferred revenue in component
amounts required or permitted by GAAP and related authoritative pronouncements (including the effects of such adjustments pushed down
to the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries), as a result of any consummated acquisition, or the amortization or write-off of any
amounts thereof (including any write-off of in process research and development).

Contractual Obligation
means, as to any Person, any provision of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it
or any of its property is bound.

12

Control means
the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether
through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings
correlative thereto.

Convert, Conversion
and Converted each refers to a conversion of Committed Loans of one Type into Committed Loans of the other Type.

Cost means the
lower of cost or market value of Inventory, based upon the Borrowers accounting practices, known to the Lender, which practices
are in effect on the Third Amendment Effective Date as such calculated cost is determined from invoices received by the Borrower, the
Borrowers purchase journals or the Borrowers stock ledger. Cost does not include inventory capitalization
costs or other non-purchase price charges (such as freight) used in the Borrowers calculation of cost of goods sold.

Covenant Compliance
Event means Availability at any time is less than the greater of (i) ten percent (10.0%) of the Loan Cap and (ii) $6,000,000.
For purposes hereof, the occurrence of a Covenant Compliance Event shall be deemed continuing until Availability has exceeded the greater
of (i) ten percent (10.0%) of the Loan Cap and (ii) $6,000,000 for thirty (30) consecutive calendar days, in which case a Covenant
Compliance Event shall no longer be deemed to be continuing for purposes of this Agreement. The termination of a Covenant Compliance Event
as provided herein shall in no way limit, waive or delay the occurrence of a subsequent Covenant Compliance Event in the event that the
conditions set forth in this definition again arise.

Covered Entity
means any of the following: (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12
C.F.R. 252.82(b); (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R.
47.3(b); or (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 
382.2(b).

Credit Card Advance Rate
means ninety percent (90%).

Credit Card Notification
means a notification substantially in the form of Exhibit F (or such other form reasonably satisfactory to the Lender).

Credit Card Receivables
means each payment intangible (as defined in the UCC) together with all income, payments and proceeds thereof, owed by an
Acceptable Credit Card Issuer to a Loan Party resulting from charges by a customer of a Loan Party on credit or debit cards issued by
such Acceptable Credit Card Issuer in connection with the sale of goods by a Loan Party, or services performed by a Loan Party, in each
case in the ordinary course of its business.

Credit Extensions
mean each of the following: (a) a Committed Borrowing and (b) an L/C Credit Extension.

Credit Party
or Credit Parties means (a) individually, (i) the Lender and its Affiliates, (ii) the L/C Issuer, (iii) each
beneficiary of each indemnification obligation undertaken by any Loan Party under any Loan Document, (iv) any other Person to whom
Obligations under this Agreement and other Loan Documents are owing, and (v) the successors and assigns of each of the foregoing,
and (b) collectively, all of the foregoing.

13

Credit Party Expenses
means (a) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Lender and its Affiliates, in connection with this Agreement and
the other Loan Documents, including without limitation (i) the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of (A) counsel for
the Lender, (B) outside consultants for the Lender, (C) appraisers, (D) commercial finance examiners, and (E) all
such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of the Obligations, (ii) in connection
with (A) the preparation, negotiation, administration, management, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents
or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby
shall be consummated), (B) the enforcement or protection of their rights in connection with this Agreement or the Loan Documents
or efforts to preserve, protect, collect, or enforce the Collateral or in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws,
or (C) any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of any Obligations, and (iii) all customary fees and charges (as
adjusted from time to time) of the Lender with respect to the disbursement of funds (or the receipt of funds) to or for the account of
Borrower (whether by wire transfer or otherwise), together with any out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection therewith,
and (b) with respect to the L/C Issuer, and its Affiliates, all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with the
issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder.

Customer Credit Liabilities
means at any time, the aggregate remaining value at such time of (a) outstanding gift certificates and gift cards of the Borrower
entitling the holder thereof to use all or a portion of the certificate or gift card to pay all or a portion of the purchase price for
any Inventory, (b) outstanding merchandise credits of the Borrower, and (c) layaway obligations of the Borrower.

Daily
Simple SOFR with respect to any applicable determination date means the SOFR published on such on
the Federal Reserve Bank of New Yorks website (or any successor source).

DDA means each
checking, savings or other demand deposit account maintained by any of the Loan Parties. All funds in each DDA shall be conclusively presumed
to be Collateral and proceeds of Collateral and the Lender shall have no duty to inquire as to the source of the amounts on deposit in
any DDA.

Debt Service Charges
means for any Measurement Period, the sum of (a) Consolidated Interest Charges paid or required to be paid for such Measurement Period,
plus (b) principal payments made or required to be made on account of Indebtedness (excluding the Obligations and any Synthetic Lease
Obligations but including, without limitation, Capital Lease Obligations) for such Measurement Period, in each case determined on a Consolidated
basis in accordance with GAAP.

Debtor Relief Laws
means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of
creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or
other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally.

14

Default means
any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default or that, with the giving of any notice, the passage of time, or both, would
be an Event of Default.

Default Rate
means (a) when used with respect to Loans, an interest rate equal to the interest rate (including the Applicable Margin) otherwise
applicable to such Loan plus two percent (2%) per annum, (b) when used with respect to Letter of Credit Fees, a rate equal to the
Applicable Rate for Standby Letters of Credit or Commercial Letters of Credit, as applicable, plus two percent (2%) per annum, and (c) with
respect to all other Obligations, an interest rate equal to the Base Rate, plus the then Applicable Margin, plus two percent (2%) per
annum.

Default Right
has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as
applicable.

Designated Jurisdiction
means any country or territory to the extent that such country or territory itself is the subject of any comprehensive Sanctions (currently,
Crimea, Cuba, Iran, North Korea and Syria).

Disclosure Schedule
means that certain Disclosure Schedule, dated as of the ThirdFourth
Amendment Effective Date, executed and delivered by the Borrower to the Lender.

Disposition
or Dispose means the sale, transfer, license, lease or other disposition (including any sale and leaseback transaction),
whether in one transaction or in a series of transactions and whether effected pursuant to a Division or otherwise, of any property (including,
without limitation, in the case of any Loan Party, any Equity Interests owned by such Loan Party, but excluding Equity Interests issued
by such Loan Party, in each case as long as no Change of Control results therefrom) by any Person (or the granting of any option or other
right to do any of the foregoing), including any sale, assignment, transfer or other disposal, with or without recourse, of any notes
or accounts receivable or any rights and claims associated therewith .

Disqualified Stock
means any Equity Interest that, by its terms (or by the terms of any security into which it is convertible, or for which it is exchangeable,
in each case at the option of the holder thereof), or upon the happening of any event, matures or is mandatorily redeemable, pursuant
to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, or redeemable at the option of the holder thereof, in whole or in part, on or prior to the
date that is ninety-one (91) days after the date on which the Loans mature; provided, however, that (i) only the portion
of such Equity Interests which so matures or is mandatorily redeemable, is so convertible or exchangeable or is so redeemable at the option
of the holder thereof prior to such date shall be deemed to be Disqualified Stock, (ii) with respect to any Equity Interests issued
to any employee or to any plan for the benefit of employees of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries or by any such plan to such employees,
such Equity Interest shall not constitute Disqualified Stock solely because it (A) may be required to be repurchased by the Borrower
or one of its Subsidiaries in order to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory obligations or as a result of such employees
termination, resignation, death or disability or (B) includes provisions that allow employees, at their option, to settle their tax
obligations in respect thereof with a tender of a portion of such Equity Interests back to the Borrower or a Subsidiary thereof, and (iii) any
class of Equity Interest that by its terms authorizes the Borrower or a Subsidiary thereof to satisfy its obligations thereunder solely
by delivery of an Equity Interest that is not Disqualified Stock shall not be deemed to be Disqualified Stock. Notwithstanding the preceding
sentence, any Equity Interest that would constitute Disqualified Stock solely because the holders thereof have the right to require a
Loan Party to repurchase such Equity Interest upon the occurrence of a change of control or an asset sale shall not constitute Disqualified
Stock. The amount of Disqualified Stock deemed to be outstanding at any time for purposes of this Agreement will be the maximum amount
that the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries may become obligated to pay upon maturity of, or pursuant to any mandatory redemption
provisions of, such Disqualified Stock or portion thereof, plus accrued dividends.

15

Dividing Person has the meaning provided in
the definition of Division.

Division means
the division of the assets, liabilities and/or obligations of a Person (the Dividing Person) among two or more Persons
(whether pursuant to a plan of division or similar arrangement), which may or may not include the Dividing Person and pursuant
to which the Dividing Person may or may not survive.

Division Successor
means any Person that, upon the consummation of a Division of a Dividing Person, holds all or any portion of the assets, liabilities and/or
obligations previously held by such Dividing Person immediately prior to the consummation of such Division. A Dividing Person which retains
any of its assets, liabilities and/or obligations after a Division shall be deemed a Division Successor upon the occurrence of such Division.

Dollars and $ mean lawful money
of the United States.

EEA Financial Institution
means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of
an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in
clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a Subsidiary of
an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent.

EEA Member Country
means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway.

EEA Resolution Authority
means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including
any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution.

Electronic
Copy has the meaning specified in Section 9.24.

Electronic
Record and Electronic Signature shall have the meanings assigned to them, respectively, by 15 USC 7006, as
it may be amended from time to time.

16

Eligible Assignee
means (a) the Lender or any of its Affiliates; (b) a bank, insurance company, or company engaged in the business of making commercial
loans, which Person, together with its Affiliates, has a combined capital and surplus in excess of $250,000,000; (c) an Approved
Fund; (d) any Person to whom a Credit Party assigns its rights and obligations under this Agreement as part of an assignment and
transfer of such Credit Partys rights in and to a material portion of such Credit Partys portfolio of asset based credit
facilities, and (e) any other Person (other than a natural Person) with the Borrowers prior written consent which shall not
be (i) unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed or (ii) required during the continuance of an Event of Default; provided
that the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented under clause (e) unless it shall have objected thereto by written notice to the
Lender within ten (10) Business Days after having received notice of a failure to respond to such request for consent; provided
further that notwithstanding the foregoing, Eligible Assignee shall not include a Loan Party or any of its respective Subsidiaries.

Eligible Credit Card
Receivables means at the time of any determination thereof, each Credit Card Receivable that satisfies the following criteria:
such Credit Card Receivable (i) has been earned by performance and represents the bona fide amounts due to the Borrower from an Acceptable
Credit Card Issuer or a credit card payment processor, and in each case is originated in the ordinary course of business of the Borrower,
and (ii) is not ineligible for inclusion in the calculation of the Borrowing Base pursuant to any of clauses (a) through (j) below
as determined by the Lender in its Permitted Discretion. Without limiting the foregoing, to qualify as an Eligible Credit Card Receivable,
an Account shall indicate no Person other than the Borrower as payee or remittance party. In determining the amount to be so included,
the face amount of an Account shall be reduced by, without duplication, to the extent not reflected in such face amount, (i) the amount
of all accrued and actual discounts, claims, credits or credits pending, promotional program allowances, price adjustments, finance charges
or other allowances (including any amount that the Borrower may be obligated to rebate to a customer, a credit card payment processor,
or credit card issuer pursuant to the terms of any agreement or understanding (written or oral)) and (ii) the aggregate amount of
all cash received in respect of such Account but not yet applied by the Loan Parties to reduce the amount of such Credit Card Receivable.
Except as otherwise agreed by the Lender, any Credit Card Receivable included within any of the following categories shall not constitute
an Eligible Credit Card Receivable:

(a) Credit
Card Receivable which do not constitute an Account (as defined in the UCC);

(b) 
Credit Card Receivables that have been outstanding for more than seven (7) Business Days from the date of sale;

(c) Credit
Card Receivables (i) that are not subject to a perfected first-priority security interest in favor of the Lender, or (ii) with
respect to which the Borrower does not have good and valid title thereto, free and clear of any Lien (other than Liens granted to the
Lender pursuant to the Security Documents);

(d) Credit
Card Receivables which are disputed, are with recourse, or with respect to which a claim, counterclaim, offset or chargeback has been
asserted (to the extent of such claim, counterclaim, offset or chargeback);

17

(e) Credit
Card Receivables as to which a credit card issuer or a credit card payment processor has the right under certain circumstances to require
a Loan Party to repurchase the Accounts from such credit card issuer or credit card payment processor;

(f) Credit
Card Receivables due from a credit card issuer or credit card payment processor of the applicable credit card which is the subject of
any bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings;

(g) Credit
Card Receivables which are not a valid, legally enforceable obligation of the applicable credit card issuer with respect thereto;

(h) Credit
Card Receivables which do not conform to all representations, warranties or other provisions in the Loan Documents relating to Credit
Card Receivables;

(i) Credit
Card Receivables which are evidenced by chattel paper or an instrument of any kind unless such chattel
paper or instrument is in the possession of the Lender, and to the extent necessary or appropriate, endorsed to the
Lender; or

(j) Credit
Card Receivables which the Lender determines in its Permitted Discretion to be uncertain of collection.

Eligible Inventory
means, as of the date of determination thereof, without duplication, items of Inventory of the Borrower that are finished goods, merchantable
and readily saleable to the public in the ordinary course of the Borrowers business meeting the criteria to be eligible for inclusion
in the calculation of the Borrowing Base, in each case that, except as otherwise agreed by the Lender, (A) complies with each of
the representations and warranties respecting Inventory made by the Borrower in the Loan Documents, and (B) is not excluded as ineligible
for inclusion in the calculation of the Borrowing Base by virtue of one or more of the criteria set forth below as determined by the Lender
in its Permitted Discretion. Except as otherwise agreed by the Lender, in its discretion, the following items of Inventory shall not be
included in Eligible Inventory:

(a) Inventory
that is not solely owned by the Borrower or the Borrower does not have good and valid title thereto free and clear of any Lien (other
than Liens granted to the Lender pursuant to the Security Documents);

(b) Inventory
that is leased by or is on consignment to the Borrower or which is consigned by the Borrower to a Person which is not a Loan Party;

(c) Inventory
that is not located in the United States (excluding territories or possessions of the United States) or is at a location in the United
States that is not owned or leased by the Borrower except (i) Inventory in transit between such owned or leased locations, (ii) so
long as such Inventory is in the United States, to the extent that the Borrower has furnished the Lender with (A) any UCC financing
statements or other documents that the Lender may determine to be necessary to perfect its security interest in such Inventory at such
location, and (B) a Collateral Access Agreement executed by the Person owning any such location, or (iii) Inventory in the possession
of a logistics services provider or other third party retained by and acting for and on behalf of the Borrower for the handling and delivery
of Inventory to the Borrowers locations in the ordinary course of business, subject to (A) verification thereof as determined
to be necessary by the Lender or as requested by the Borrower from time to time and (B) the Borrower furnishing the Lender with a
Collateral Access Agreement executed by the logistics services provider or such other third party;

18

(d) Inventory
that is located in a distribution center (but, for clarity, not Store locations) leased by Borrower unless the applicable lessor has delivered
to the Lender a Collateral Access Agreement;

(e) Inventory
that is comprised of goods which (i) are damaged, defective, seconds, or otherwise unmerchantable, (ii) are to
be returned to the vendor, (iii) are custom items, work-in-process, raw materials, or that constitute samples, spare parts, promotional,
marketing, labels, bags and other packaging and shipping materials or supplies used or consumed in the Borrowers business, (iv) are
not in compliance with all standards imposed by any Governmental Authority having regulatory authority over such Inventory, its use or
sale, (v) are bill and hold goods, or (vi) without duplication of the foregoing, are in locations 98, 861, 864, 867, 868, 869,
871, 874, 877, 878, or 879 of the Borrowers stock ledger;

(f) Inventory
that is not subject to a perfected first-priority security interest in favor of the Lender;

(g) 
Inventory that is not insured in compliance with the provisions of Section 5 .10 hereof;

(h) Inventory
that is subject to any licensing, patent, royalty, trademark, trade name or copyright agreement with any third party from which the Borrower
or any of its Subsidiaries has received notice of a dispute in respect of any such agreement; or

(i) Inventory
acquired in a Permitted Acquisition or which is not of the type usually sold in the ordinary course of the Borrowers business,
unless and until the Lender has (i) completed or received (A) an appraisal of such Inventory from appraisers satisfactory to
the Lender and establishes Inventory Reserves (if applicable) therefor, and otherwise agrees that such Inventory shall be deemed Eligible
Inventory, and (B) such other due diligence as the Lender may reasonably require, all of the results of the foregoing to be reasonably
satisfactory to the Lender, or (ii) determined in its sole discretion that such a due diligence investigation is not necessary.

Environment
means ambient air, indoor air, surface water, groundwater, drinking water, soil, surface and subsurface strata, and natural resources
such as wetland, flora and fauna.

Environmental Laws
means any and all Federal, state, local, and foreign statutes, laws (including common law), regulations, standards, ordinances, rules,
judgments, binding interpretations, orders, decrees, permits, binding agreements or governmental restrictions relating to pollution or
the protection of the Environment or human health (to the extent related to exposure to hazardous materials), including those relating
to the manufacture, generation, handling, transport, storage, treatment, Release or threat of Release of Hazardous Materials, air emissions
and discharges to waste or public systems.

19

Environmental Liability
means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties
or indemnities) whether based in contract, tort, implied or express warranty, strict liability, criminal or civil statute or common law,
directly or indirectly relating to (a) any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment
or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) Release or threatened Release of any Hazardous
Materials or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect
to any of the foregoing.

Environmental Permit
means any permit, certification, registration, approval, identification number, license or other authorization required under any Environmental
Law.

Equipment has the meaning set forth in the
UCC.

Equity Interests
means, with respect to any Person, all of the shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, all
of the warrants, options or other rights for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of shares of capital stock of (or other ownership
or profit interests in) such Person, all of the securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of (or other ownership
or profit interests in) such Person or warrants, rights or options for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of such shares (or
such other interests), and all of the other ownership or profit interests in such Person (including partnership, member or trust interests
therein), whether voting or non-voting, and whether or not such shares, warrants, options, rights or other interests are outstanding on
any date of determination.

ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income
Security Act of 1974.

ERISA Affiliate
means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) under common control with the Borrower within the meaning of Section 414(b) or
(c) of the Code (and Sections 414(m) and (o) of the Code for purposes of provisions relating to Section 412 of the
Code).

ERISA Event
means (a) a Reportable Event with respect to a Pension Plan; (b) the withdrawal of the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from
a Pension Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which such entity was a substantial employer
as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA or a cessation of operations that is treated as such a withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of
ERISA; (c) a complete or partial withdrawal by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan or notification that
a Multiemployer Plan is in reorganization; (d) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate, the treatment of a Pension Plan amendment
as a termination under Section 4041 or 4041A of ERISA; (e) the institution by the PBGC of proceedings to terminate a Pension
Plan; (f) any event or condition which constitutes grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment
of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan; (g) the determination that any Pension Plan is considered an at-risk plan or a plan
in endangered or critical status within the meaning of Sections 430, 431 and 432 of the Code or Sections 303, 304 and 305 of ERISA; (h) the
imposition of any liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA,
upon the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate; or (i) a failure by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate to meet all applicable requirements
under the Pension Funding Rules in respect of a Pension Plan, whether or not waived, or the failure by the Borrower or any ERISA
Affiliate to make any required contribution to a Multiemployer Plan.

20

EU
Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by
the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect
from time to time.

Eurodollar Borrowing means a Committed
Borrowing comprised of Eurodollar Rate Loans.

Eurodollar
Rate means:

(a) for
any Interest Period with respect to a Eurodollar Rate Loan, the rate per annum equal to the London Interbank Offered Rate asadministered byICEBenchmark Administration
(or anyother Person that takes over the administration of such rate for U.S. Dollars for a period equal
in length to such Interest Period) (LIBOR) aspublished on the applicableBloombergscreen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designatedby the Lender from time to time) at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, twoBusiness
Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period, for Dollar deposits (for delivery on the first
day of such Interest Period)with a term equivalent to such Interest Period;

(b) for
any interest calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan on any date, the rate per annum equal toLIBOR,
at or about 11:00 a.m., London time determined two London BankingDays prior to such dateforU.S.Dollar depositswith a term of one
month commencing that day;and

(c) if
theEurodollar Rate shallbe less thanone-fourth
of one percent (0.25%), such rateshall be deemedone-fourth of one
percent (0.25%)for purposes of this Agreement.

Eurodollar
RateLoan means a Committed Loan that bears interest at a rate based on
clause (a) of the definition of the Eurodollar
Rate.

Event of Default
has the meaning specified in Section 8.01. An Event of Default shall be deemed to be continuing unless and until that Event of Default
has been duly waived as provided in Section 9.01 hereof.

Excluded Account has the meaning specified
in the Security Agreement.

21

Excluded Swap Obligation
means, with respect to any Loan Party, any Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the guaranty of such Loan Party
under the Facility Guaranty of, or the grant under a Loan Document by such Loan Party of a security interest to secure, such Swap Obligation
(or any guaranty thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act (or the application or official interpretation thereof)
by virtue of such Loan Partys failure for any reason to constitute an eligible contract participant as defined in
the Commodity Exchange Act (determined after giving effect to Section 9.23 hereof and any and all guarantees of such Loan Partys
Swap Obligations by other Loan Parties) at the time the guaranty of such Loan Party, or grant by such Loan Party of a security interest,
becomes effective with respect to such Swap Obligation. If a Swap Obligation arises under a Master Agreement governing more than one Swap
Contract, such exclusion shall apply only to the portion of such Swap Obligation that is attributable to Swap Contracts for which such
guaranty or security interest becomes illegal.

Excluded Taxes
means, with respect to the Lender, the L/C Issuer or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation
of the Loan Parties hereunder any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to any such Person or required to be withheld or deducted
from a payment to such Person, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch
profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Person being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office
or, in the case of the Lender, the Lenders Office being located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision
thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of the Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts
payable to or for the account of the Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect
on the date on which (i) the Lender acquires such interest in the Loan or Commitment or (ii) the Lender changes the Lenders
Office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 3.01(b) or (c), amounts with respect to such Taxes were
payable either to the Lenders assignor immediately before the Lender became a party hereto or to the Lender immediately before
it changed the Lenders Office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Persons failure to comply with Section 3.01(f) and
(d) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed pursuant to FATCA.

Executive Order has the meaning set forth in
Section 9.17.

Existing Credit Agreement
means that certain Credit Agreement dated as of March 26, 2008 among the Borrower, the Guarantors, and Bank of America, N.A., as
Lender, as the same has been amended, from time to time thereafter prior to the date hereof.

Extraordinary Receipt
means any cash received by or paid to or for the account of any Person not in the ordinary course of business.

Facility Guaranty
means the Guaranty made by the Guarantors in favor of the Lender and the other Credit Parties, in form reasonably satisfactory to the
Lender.

Fair Market Value
means with respect to any asset or group of assets on any date of determination, the value of the consideration obtainable in a sale of
such asset at such date of determination assuming a sale by a willing seller to a willing purchaser dealing at arms length and
arranged in an orderly manner over a reasonable period of time having regard to the nature and characteristics of such asset, as determined
in good faith by the Borrower.

22

FATCA means
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable
and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreements
entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices
adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities and implementing such Sections
of the Code.

Federal Funds Rate
means, for any day, the rate per annum calculated by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York based on such days federal funds transactions
by depository institutions (as determined in such manner as the Federal Reserve Bank of New York shall set forth on its public website
from time to time) and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York as the federal funds effective
rate; provided that if the Federal Funds Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for
purposes of this Agreement.

Fee Letter means
the, collectively, (i) that
certain letter agreement, dated October 27, 2011, amongbetween
the Borrower and the Lender and
(ii) that certain letter agreement, dated April 10, 2025, between the Borrower and the Lender.

Fiscal Month
means any fiscal month of any Fiscal Year, which month shall generally end on the Saturday closest to the end of each calendar month in
accordance with the fiscal accounting calendar of the Loan Parties.

Fiscal Quarter
means any fiscal quarter of any Fiscal Year, which quarters shall generally end on the Saturday closest to the end of each April, July,
October and January of such Fiscal Year in accordance with the fiscal accounting calendar of the Loan Parties.

Fiscal Year
means any period of twelve (12) consecutive months ending on the Saturday closest to January 31 of any calendar year.

Foreign Assets Control Regulations has the
meaning set forth in Section 9.17.

Fourth
Amendment Effective Date
means April 10, 2025.

FRB means the Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System of the United States.

Fund means any Person (other than a natural
person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions
of credit in the ordinary course of its business.

GAAP means generally
accepted accounting principles in the United States set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board and
the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or
such other principles as may be approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession in the United States, that are applicable
to the circumstances as of the date of determination, consistently applied.

23

Governmental Authority
means the government of the United States or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any
agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial,
taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the
European Union or the European Central Bank).

Guarantee means,
as to any Person, (a) any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of such Person guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing
any Indebtedness or other obligation payable or performable by another Person (the primary obligor) in any manner, whether
directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of such Person, direct or indirect, (i) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply
funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other obligation, (ii) to purchase or lease property, securities or services
for the purpose of assuring the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment or performance of such Indebtedness
or other obligation, (iii) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity or
level of income or cash flow of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other obligation,
or (iv) entered into for the purpose of assuring in any other manner the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other obligation
of the payment or performance thereof or to protect such obligee against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part), or (b) any
Lien on any assets of such Person securing any Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person, whether or not such Indebtedness
or other obligation is assumed by such Person (or any right, contingent or otherwise, of any holder of such Indebtedness to obtain any
such Lien). The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the related primary
obligation, or portion thereof, in respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated
liability in respect thereof. The term Guarantee as a verb has a corresponding meaning.

Guarantor means
(a) each Subsidiary of the Borrower existing on the Third Amendment Effective Date and each other Restricted Subsidiary that shall
be required to execute and deliver a Facility Guaranty pursuant to Section 6.11 and (b) with respect to any Swap Obligation
of a Specified Loan Party (determined before giving effect to Section 9.23 under the Facility Guaranty), the Borrower.

Hazardous Materials
means all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or other pollutants including petroleum
or petroleum distillates, natural gas, natural gas liquids, asbestos or asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon
gas, toxic mold, infectious or medical wastes and all other substances, wastes, chemicals, pollutants, contaminants or compounds of any
nature in any form regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law.

Honor Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(c)(i).

24

Increase Effective
Date shall have the meaning provided therefor in Section 2.12(b). Indebtedness means, as to any
Person at a particular time, without duplication, all of the following, whether or not included as indebtedness or liabilities in
accordance with GAAP:

(a) all
obligations of such Person for borrowed money and all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, loan agreements
or other similar instruments;

(b) the
maximum amount of all direct or contingent obligations of such Person arising under letters of credit (including standby and commercial),
bankers acceptances, bank guaranties, surety bonds and similar instruments;

(c) 
net obligations of such Person under any Swap Contract;

(d) all
obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade accounts payable in the ordinary
course of business and consistent with past practices);

(e) indebtedness
(excluding prepaid interest thereon) secured by a Lien on property owned or being purchased by such Person (including indebtedness arising
under conditional sales or other title retention agreements), whether or not such indebtedness shall have been assumed by such Person
or is limited in recourse;

(f) 
all Attributable Indebtedness of such Person;

(g) all
obligations of such Person to purchase, redeem, retire, defease or otherwise make any payment in respect of any Equity Interest in such
Person or any other Person (including, without limitation, Disqualified Stock), or any warrant, right or option to acquire such Equity
Interest, valued, in the case of a redeemable preferred interest, at the greater of its voluntary or involuntary liquidation preference
plus accrued and unpaid dividends; and

(h) 
all Guarantees of such Person in respect of any of the foregoing.

For all purposes hereof, the
Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any partnership or joint venture (other than a joint venture that is itself
a corporation or limited liability company) in which such Person is a general partner or a joint venturer, unless such Indebtedness is
expressly made non-recourse to such Person. The amount of any net obligation under any Swap Contract on any date shall be deemed to be
the Swap Termination Value thereof as of such date.

Indemnified Taxes
means Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan
Party under any Loan Document.

Indemnitees has the meaning
specified in Section 9.04(b).

25

Information has the meaning specified in Section 9.07.

Intellectual Property
means all present and future: trade secrets, know-how and other proprietary information; trademarks, trademark applications, internet
domain names, service marks, trade dress, trade names, business names, designs, logos, slogans (and all translations, adaptations, derivations
and combinations of the foregoing) indicia and other source and/or business identifiers, and all registrations or applications for registrations
which have heretofore been or may hereafter be issued thereon throughout the world; copyrights and copyright applications; (including
copyrights for computer programs) and all tangible and intangible property embodying the copyrights, unpatented inventions (whether or
not patentable); patents and patent applications; industrial design applications and registered industrial designs; license agreements
related to any of the foregoing and income therefrom; books, records, writings, computer tapes or disks, flow diagrams, specification
sheets, computer software, source codes, object codes, executable code, data, databases and other physical manifestations, embodiments
or incorporations of any of the foregoing; all other intellectual property; and all common law and other rights throughout the world in
and to all of the foregoing.

Interest Payment Date
means, (a) as to any Eurodollar RateTerm
SOFR Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to such Loan and the Maturity Date; provided, however, that if any
Interest Period for a Eurodollar RateTerm
SOFR Loan exceeds three (3) months, the respective dates that fall every three (3) months after the beginning of
such Interest Period shall also be Interest Payment Dates; and (b) as to any Base Rate Loan, the first day of each calendar month,
or if such day is not a Business Day, on the next succeeding Business Day, and the Maturity Date.

Interest Period
means, as to each Eurodollar RateTerm
SOFR Loan, the period commencing on the date such Eurodollar RateTerm
SOFR Loan is disbursed or Converted to or continued as a Eurodollar RateTerm
SOFR Loan and ending on the date one, two, three or six months thereafter
(in each case, subject to availability), as selected by the Borrower in its Committed Loan Notice; provided that:

(i) any
Interest Period that would otherwise end on a day that is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless,
in the case of a
Term SOFR Loan, such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next
preceding Business Day;

(ii) any
Interest Period pertaining to a Term SOFR Loan that begins
on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at
the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period; and

(iii) no
Interest Period shall extend beyond the Maturity Date; and.(iv) notwithstanding the provisions of clause (iii), no Interest Period shall have a duration of
less than one (1) month, and if any Interest Period applicable to a Eurodollar Borrowing would be for a shorter period, such Interest
Period shall not be available hereunder.

26

For purposes hereof, the date of a Committed Borrowing
initially shall be the date on which such Committed Borrowing is made and thereafter shall be the effective date of the most recent Conversion
or continuation of such Committed Borrowing.

Inventory has
the meaning given that term in the UCC, and shall also include, without limitation, all: (a) goods which (i) are leased by a
Person as lessor, (ii) are held by a Person for sale or lease or to be furnished under a contract of service, (iii) are furnished
by a Person under a contract of service, or (iv) consist of raw materials, work in process, or materials used or consumed in a business;
(b) goods of said description in transit; (c) goods of said description which are returned, repossessed or rejected; and (d) packaging,
advertising, and shipping materials related to any of the foregoing.

Inventory Reserves
means such reserves as may be established from time to time by the Lender in its Permitted Discretion with respect to the determination
of the saleability, at retail, of the Eligible Inventory, which reflect such other factors as affect the market value of the Eligible
Inventory or which reflect claims and liabilities that the Lender determines will need to be satisfied in connection with the realization
upon the Inventory, without duplication of any other reserves or items that are otherwise addressed or excluded through eligibility criteria.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Inventory Reserves may, in the Lenders Permitted Discretion, include (but
are not limited to) reserves based on:

(a) Obsolescence;

(b) Seasonality;

(c) Shrink;

(d) Imbalance;

(e) Change in Inventory character;

(f) Change in Inventory composition;

(g) Change in Inventory mix;

(h) Mark-downs (both permanent and point of sale); and

(i) Retail
mark-ons and mark-ups inconsistent with prior period practice and performance, industry standards, current business plans or advertising
calendar and planned advertising events.

Investment means,
as to any Person, any direct or indirect acquisition or investment by such Person, whether by means of (a) the purchase or other
acquisition of Equity Interests of another Person, (b) a loan, advance or capital contribution to, Guarantee or assumption of debt
of, or purchase or other acquisition of any other debt or interest in, another Person, or (c) any Acquisition, or (d) any other
investment of money or capital. For purposes of covenant compliance, the amount of any Investment shall be the amount actually invested,
without adjustment for subsequent increases or decreases in the value of such Investment.

27

IRS means the United States Internal Revenue
Service.

ISDA Definitions
means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto,
as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time
to time by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or such successor thereto.

ISP means, with
respect to any Letter of Credit, the International Standby Practices 1998 published by the Institute of International Banking
Law & Practice (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the time of issuance).

Issuer Documents
means with respect to any Letter of Credit, the Letter of Credit Application, and any other document, agreement and instrument entered
into by the L/C Issuer and the Borrower (or any Restricted Subsidiary) or in favor of the L/C Issuer and relating to any such Letter of
Credit.

Joinder Agreement
means an agreement, in form satisfactory to the Lender pursuant to which, among other things, a Person becomes a party to, and bound by
the terms of, this Agreement and/or the other Loan Documents in the same capacity and to the same extent as either the Borrower or a Guarantor,
as the Lender may determine.

Landlord Lien State
means such state(s) in which a landlords claim for rent may have priority over the Lien of the Lender in any of the Collateral.

Laws means,
collectively, all international, foreign, Federal, state and local statutes, treaties, rules, binding guidelines, regulations, ordinances,
codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the binding interpretation or administration thereof by any
Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative orders,
directed duties, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and binding agreements with, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether
or not having the force of law.

L/C Borrowing
means an extension of credit resulting from a drawing under any Letter of Credit which has not been reimbursed on the date when made or
refinanced as a Committed Borrowing.

L/C Credit Extension
means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the issuance thereof or extension of the expiry date thereof, or the increase of the amount
thereof.

L/C Issuer means
the Lender, in its capacity as issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder. The L/C Issuer may, in its discretion, arrange for one or more Letters
of Credit to be issued by Affiliates of the L/C Issuer, in which case the term L/C Issuer shall include any such Affiliate
with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Affiliate.

28

L/C Obligations
means, as at any date of determination, the aggregate undrawn amount available to be drawn under all outstanding Letters of Credit plus
the aggregate of all Unreimbursed Amounts, including all L/C Borrowings. For purposes of computing the amounts available to be drawn under
any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.06. For all purposes
of this Agreement, if on any date of determination, a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn thereunder
by reason of the operation of any Rule under the ISP or any Article of UCP 600, such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be
outstanding in the amount so remaining available to be drawn.

Lease means
any agreement, whether written or oral, no matter how styled or structured, pursuant to which a Loan Party is entitled to the use or occupancy
of any real property for any period of time.

Lender has the meaning specified in the introductory
paragraph hereto.

Lenders Office
means the Lenders address and, as appropriate, account as set forth on Schedule 9.02 hereto, or such other address or account as
the Lender may from time to time notify the Borrower, which office may include any Affiliate of the Lender or any domestic or foreign
branch of the Lender or such Affiliate. Unless the context otherwise requires each reference to the Lender shall include its applicable
Lending Office.

Letter of Credit
means each Bankers Acceptance, each Standby Letter of Credit and each Commercial Letter of Credit issued hereunder.

Letter of Credit Application
means an application and agreement for the issuance or amendment of a Letter of Credit in the form from time to time in use by the L/C
Issuer.

Letter of Credit Expiration
Date means the day that is seven (7) days prior to the Maturity Date then in effect (or, if such day is not a Business Day,
the next preceding Business Day).

Letter of Credit Fee has the meaning specified
in Section 2.03(h).

Letter of Credit Sublimit
means an amount equal to $20,000,000. The Letter of Credit Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Commitment. A permanent reduction
of the Commitment shall not require a corresponding pro rata reduction in the Letter of Credit Sublimit; provided, however, that if the
Commitment is reduced to an amount less than the Letter of Credit Sublimit, then the Letter of Credit Sublimit shall be reduced to an
amount equal to (or, at Borrowers option, less than) the Commitment.

LIBOR
has the meaning specified inthe definition of Eurodollar Rate.

29

LIBOR
Screen Rate means the LIBOR quote on the applicable screen page the Lender designates to determine LIBOR (or such
other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Lenderfrom
time to time).

LIBORSuccessor Rate has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(c).

LIBOR
Successor Rate Conforming Changes means, with respect to any proposed LIBOR Successor Rate,
any conforming changes to thedefinition ofBase Rate, Interest
Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and other technical, administrative or operational matters
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, thedefinition ofBusiness
Day,timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation
notices and length of lookback periods) as may be appropriate, in the discretion of the Lender, to reflect the adoption and implementation
of suchLIBOR Successor Rateand to permit the administration thereof
by the Lender in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Lender determines that adoption of any portion of
such market practice is not administratively feasible or that no market practice for the administration of suchLIBOR
Successor Rateexists, in such other manner of administration as the Lender determines is reasonably
necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and any other Loan Document).

Lien means (a) any
mortgage, deed of trust, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), charge, or preference,
priority or other security interest or preferential arrangement in the nature of a security interest of any kind or nature whatsoever
(including any conditional sale, Capital Lease Obligation, Synthetic Lease Obligation, or other title retention agreement, any easement,
right of way or other encumbrance on title to real property, and any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as
any of the foregoing) and (b) in the case of securities, any purchase option, call or similar right of a third party with respect
to such securities.

Liquidation
means the exercise by the Lender of those rights and remedies accorded to the Lender under the Loan Documents and applicable Laws as a
creditor of the Loan Parties with respect to the realization on the Collateral, including (after the occurrence and during the continuation
of an Event of Default) the conduct by the Loan Parties acting with the consent of the Lender, of any public, private or going-out-of-business,
store closing or other similar sale or any other disposition of the Collateral for the purpose of liquidating the Collateral.
Derivations of the word Liquidation (such as Liquidate) are used with like meaning in this Agreement.

Loan means an
extension of credit by the Lender to the Borrower under Article II in the form of a Committed Loan.

Loan Account has the meaning assigned to such
term in Section 2.10(a).

Loan Cap means, at any time of determination,
the lesser of (a) the Commitment and (b) the Borrowing Base.

30

Loan Documents
means this Agreement, each Note, each Issuer Document, the Fee Letter, all Borrowing Base Certificates, the Blocked Account Agreements,
the Credit Card Notifications, the Security Documents, the Facility Guaranty and any other instrument or agreement now or hereafter executed
and delivered in connection herewith, or in connection with any transaction arising out of any Cash Management Services and Bank Products
provided by the Lender or any of its Affiliates, each as amended and in effect from time to time.

Loan Parties means, collectively, the Borrower
and each Guarantor.

London
Banking Day means any day on which dealings
in Dollar deposits are conducted by and between banks in the London interbank eurodollar market.

Material Adverse Effect
means (a) a material adverse change in, or a material adverse effect upon, the operations, business, properties, or condition (financial
or otherwise) of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole; provided that
on theThirdAmendment
Effective Date, the temporary closureof the Loan Parties
store locations and other operational disruptions affecting the Loan Parties, in each caseas
a direct result of the COVID-19 pandemic, shall not be deemed to have resultedin aMaterial
Adverse Effect under this clause (a); (b) a
material impairment of the ability of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole to perform their obligations under
the Loan Documents; or (c) a material impairment of the rights and remedies of the Lender under the Loan Documents or a material
adverse effect upon the validity or enforceability of the Loan Documents against the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken as
a whole. In determining whether any individual event would result in a Material Adverse Effect, notwithstanding that such event in and
of itself does not have such effect, a Material Adverse Effect shall be deemed to have occurred if the cumulative effect of such event
and all other then existing events would result in a Material Adverse Effect.

Material Contract
means, with respect to any Person, each contract to which such Person is a party if the failure to maintain such contract in full force
and effect would be reasonably expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

Material Indebtedness
means Indebtedness (other than the Obligations) of the Loan Parties in a principal amount exceeding $20,000,000. For purposes of determining
the amount of Material Indebtedness at any time, the amount of the obligations in respect of any Swap Contract at such time shall be calculated
at the Swap Termination Value thereof

Maturity Date means April 1510,
20262030.

Maximum Rate has the meaning provided therefor
in Section 9.09.

Measurement Period means, at any
date of determination, the most recently completed twelve (12) Fiscal Months of the Borrower.

Moodys means Moodys Investors
Service, Inc. and any successor thereto. Multiemployer Plan means any employee benefit plan of the type described in
Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate makes or is obligated to make contributions, or during
the preceding five plan years, has made or been obligated to make contributions.

31

Multiple Employer Plan
means a Plan which has two or more contributing sponsors (including the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate) at least two of whom are not
under common control, as such a plan is described in Section 4064 of ERISA.

Net Proceeds
means (a) with respect to any Disposition by any Loan Party or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, or any Extraordinary Receipt received
or paid to the account of any Loan Party or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, the excess, if any, of (i) the sum of cash and cash
equivalents received in connection with such transaction (including any cash or cash equivalents received by way of deferred payment pursuant
to, or by monetization of, a note receivable or otherwise, but only as and when so received) over (ii) the sum of (A) any Indebtedness
that is secured by the applicable asset by a Lien permitted hereunder which is senior to the Lenders Lien on such asset and that
is required to be repaid (or to establish an escrow for the future repayment thereof) in connection with such transaction (other than
Indebtedness under the Loan Documents), and (B) the reasonable and customary out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such Loan Party or
such Restricted Subsidiary in connection with such transaction (including, without limitation, appraisals, and brokerage, legal, title
and recording or transfer tax expenses and commissions) paid by any Loan Party to third parties (other than Affiliates)); and (b) with
respect to the sale or issuance of any Equity Interest by any Loan Party or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, or the incurrence or issuance
of any Indebtedness by any Loan Party or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, the excess of (i) the sum of the cash and cash equivalents
received in connection with such transaction over (ii) the underwriting discounts and commissions, and other reasonable and customary
out-of-pocket expenses, incurred by such Loan Party or such Restricted Subsidiary in connection therewith.

Non-Extension Notice Date has the meaning specified
in Section 2.03(b)(iii).

Note means (a) a
promissory note made by the Borrower in favor of the Lender evidencing Committed Loans made by the Lender, substantially in the form of
Exhibit B, as amended, supplemented or modified from time to time.

NPL means the National Priorities List under
CERCLA.

Obligations
means (a) all advances to, and debts (including principal, interest, fees, costs, and expenses), liabilities, obligations, covenants,
indemnities, and duties of, any Loan Party arising under any Loan Document or otherwise with respect to any Loan or Letter of Credit (including
payments in respect of reimbursement of disbursements, interest thereon and obligations to provide cash collateral therefor), whether
direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising
and including interest, fees, costs, expenses and indemnities that accrue after the commencement by or against any Loan Party or any Affiliate
thereof of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such
interest, fees costs, expenses and indemnities are allowed claims in such proceeding, and (b) any Other Liabilities; provided that
Obligations of a Loan Party shall exclude any Excluded Swap Obligations with respect to such Loan Party.

32

OFAC means the
Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury.

Organization Documents
means, (a) with respect to any corporation, the certificate or articles of incorporation and the bylaws (or equivalent or comparable
constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction); (b) with respect to any limited liability company, the certificate
or articles of formation or organization and operating agreement; (c) with respect to any partnership, joint venture, trust or other
form of business entity, the partnership, joint venture or other applicable agreement of formation or organization and any agreement,
instrument, filing or notice with respect thereto filed in connection with its formation or organization with the applicable Governmental
Authority in the jurisdiction of its formation or organization and, if applicable, any certificate or articles of formation or organization
of such entity, and (d) in each case, all shareholder or other equity holder agreements, voting trusts and similar arrangements to
which such Person is a party or which is applicable to its Equity Interests and all other arrangements relating to the Control or management
of such Person.

Other Connection Taxes
means, with respect to the Lender, the L/C Issuer or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation
of the Loan Parties hereunder, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Person and the jurisdiction imposing
such Tax (other than connections arising from such Person having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under,
received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any
Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Documents).

Other Liabilities
means any obligation on account of (a) any Cash Management Services furnished to any of the Loan Parties or any of their Restricted
Subsidiaries and/or (b) any Bank Product furnished to any of the Loan Parties and/or any of their Restricted Subsidiaries.

Other Taxes
means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made
under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest
under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to
an assignment.

Outstanding Amount
means (i) with respect to Committed Loans on any date, the aggregate outstanding principal amount thereof after giving effect to
any borrowings and prepayments or repayments of Loans occurring on such date; and (ii) with respect to any L/C Obligations on any
date, the amount of such L/C Obligations on such date after giving effect to any L/C Credit Extension occurring on such date and any other
changes in the aggregate amount of the L/C Obligations as of such date, including as a result of any reimbursements by the Borrower of
Unreimbursed Amounts.

33

Overadvance
means a Credit Extension to the extent that, immediately after its having been made, Availability is less than zero.

Participant has the meaning
specified in Section 9.06(c).

Payment Conditions
means, at the time of determination with respect to any specified transaction or payment, that (a) no Event of Default then exists
or would arise as a result of entering into such transaction or the making of such payment and (b) after giving effect to such transaction
or payment, the Pro Forma Availability Condition has been satisfied and the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, as calculated on
a pro-forma basis for the applicable Measurement Period (as if such transaction or payment had been made on the first day of the applicable
Measurement Period), is equal to or greater than 1.0:1.0, immediately preceding, and on a pro forma basis on the date thereof, after giving
effect to such transaction or payment; provided that compliance with the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio shall not be
required if after giving effect to such transaction or payment, Pro Forma Availability shall be no less than the greater of (i) 20%
of the Loan Cap and $11,250,000. Prior to undertaking any transaction or payment which is subject to the Payment Conditions, the Loan
Parties shall deliver to the Lender evidence of satisfaction of the conditions contained in clause (b) above on a basis (including,
without limitation, giving due consideration to results for prior periods) reasonably satisfactory to the Lender.

PBGC means the Pension
Benefit Guaranty Corporation.

PCAOB means the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board.

Pension Funding Rules
means the rules of the Code and ERISA regarding minimum funding standards with respect to Pension Plans and set forth in Sections
412, 430, 431, 432 and 436 of the Code and Sections 302, 303, 304 and 305 of ERISA.

Pension Plan
means any employee pension benefit plan (including a Multiple Employer Plan or a Multiemployer Plan) that is maintained or is contributed
to by the Borrower and any ERISA Affiliate or with respect to which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate has any liability and is either
covered by Title IV of ERISA or is subject to the minimum funding standards under Section 412 of the Code.

Permitted Acquisition
means an Acquisition in which all of the following conditions are satisfied:

(a) Any
assets acquired shall be utilized in, and if the Acquisition involves a merger, consolidation or acquisition of Equity Interests, the
Person which is the subject of such Acquisition shall be engaged in, a business otherwise permitted to be engaged in by the Borrower under
this Agreement;

(b) If
the Person which is the subject of such Acquisition will be maintained as a Restricted Subsidiary, such Restricted Subsidiary shall have
been joined as a Guarantor in accordance with Section 6.11, and the Lender shall have received a first priority security interest
in such property of such Restricted Subsidiary of the same nature as constitutes Collateral under the Security Agreement;

34

(c) The
Loan Parties shall have satisfied the Payment Conditions; provided, however, the satisfaction of the Payment Conditions shall not
be required if the Unrestricted Cash Payment Conditions are satisfied and such Acquisition is consummated solely using any combination
of Unrestricted Cash, the Borrowers Equity Interests (so long as no Change of Control would result therefrom) and assets not of
type included in the calculation of the Borrowing Base; provided that if Intellectual Property used or useful in connection with
the Collateral is Disposed, the purchaser, assignee or other transferee thereof shall agree in writing to be bound by a royalty-free,
non-exclusive license of such Intellectual Property in favor of the Lender for use in connection with the exercise of its rights and remedies
under the Loan Documents in the Collateral, which license shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Lender; provided
further that in the case of a sub-license of Intellectual Property licensed by the Loan Parties or any Subsidiary to a third party, the
transferee thereof shall be required to provide such a license only to the extent to which the applicable license gives such transferee
a right to do so; and

(d) Solely
to the extent proceeds of the Loan are used to consummate such Acquisition, the Borrower shall have furnished the Lender with ten (10) days
prior written notice of such intended Acquisition and shall have furnished the Lender with a current draft of the Acquisition documents
(and final copies thereof as and when executed), appropriate financial statements of the Person which is the subject of such Acquisition,
pro forma projected financial statements giving effect to such Acquisition, and if such Acquisition is for a purchase price of $10,000,000
or more, pro forma projected financial statements for the twelve (12) month period following such Acquisition after giving effect to such
Acquisition (including balance sheets, cash flows and income statements by month for the acquired Person, individually, and on a Consolidated
basis with all Loan Parties), and such other information as the Lender may reasonably require, all of which shall be in form reasonably
satisfactory to the Lender.

Permitted Discretion
means the Lenders reasonable business judgment (from the perspective of a secured asset-based lender, exercised in good faith in
accordance with customary business practices for similar secured asset based lending facilities.

Permitted Disposition means any of the following:

(a) Dispositions
of inventory, cash and cash equivalents in the ordinary course of business;

(b) Dispositions
for Fair Market Value for which the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary shall receive not less than 75% of the consideration for such
Disposition in the form of cash (which cash consideration shall be deemed to include any net cash proceeds required to be received from
the conversion thereof within 180 days of such Disposition of securities, notes or other obligations received in consideration of such
Disposition and the amount of liabilities and other Indebtedness (other than liabilities or Indebtedness that are by their terms subordinated
in right of payment to the Obligations) of a Loan Partys assumed by the purchaser of such assets in connection with such Disposition)
or Permitted Investments of the type described in clauses (a) through (d) of the definition thereof; provided that, following
the consummation of any Disposition of Collateral of the type included in the Borrowing Base such that the calculation of the Borrowing
Base shall have changed by $7,500,000 or more since the calculation contained in the Borrowing Base Certificate most recently delivered
to the Lender, the Borrower shall deliver an updated Borrowing Base Certificate that gives pro forma effect to such Disposition
upon the consummation of such Disposition;

35

(c) Non-exclusive
licenses of Intellectual Property of a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business;

(d) Licenses
for the conduct of licensed departments within the Loan Parties Stores in the ordinary course of business; provided that,
if requested by the Lender, the Loan Parties shall have entered into an intercreditor agreement with the Person operating such licensed
department on terms and conditions reasonably satisfactory to the Lender;

(e) Dispositions
of property (other than property of the type included in the calculation of the Borrowing Base) in the ordinary course of business that
is substantially worn, damaged, obsolete or, in the judgment of a Loan Party, no longer useful or necessary in its business or that of
any Subsidiary;

(f) Sales,
transfers and dispositions among the Loan Parties or by any Subsidiary to a Loan Party;

(g) Dispositions
of Real Estate to a Permitted Real Estate Subsidiary in connection with Permitted Real Estate Indebtedness so long as Payment Conditions
are satisfied after giving effect to such Disposition;

(h) 
Dispositions constituting Restricted Payments not in violation of Section 7.06;

(i) 
Sales, transfers and dispositions by any Subsidiary which is not a Loan Party to another Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party; and

(j) Other
Dispositions of assets not of type included in the calculation of the Borrowing Base for an aggregate consideration not to exceed $40,000,000
from and after the Third Amendment Effective Date.

36

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the
foregoing, if any Permitted Disposition includes the Disposition of Intellectual Property used or useful in connection with the Collateral,
the purchaser, assignee or other transferee thereof shall agree in writing to be bound by a royalty-free, non-exclusive license of such
Intellectual Property in favor of the Lender for use in connection with the exercise of its rights and remedies under the Loan Documents
in the Collateral, which license shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Lender; provided that in the case of a
sub-license of Intellectual Property licensed by the Loan Parties or any Subsidiary to a third party, the transferee thereof shall be
required to provide such a license only to the extent to which the applicable license gives such transferee a right to do so.

Permitted Encumbrances means:

(a) Liens
imposed by law for Taxes that are not yet due or are being contested in compliance with Section 6.04;

(b) Carriers,
warehousemens, mechanics, materialmens, repairmens and other like Liens imposed by applicable Laws, arising
in the ordinary course of business and securing obligations that are not overdue by more than forty-five (45) days or are being contested
in compliance with Section 6.04;

(c) Pledges
and deposits made in the ordinary course of business in compliance with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other
social security laws or regulations, other than any Lien imposed by ERISA;

(d) Deposits
to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts and leases (other than Indebtedness), statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds,
performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature incurred in the ordinary course of business;

(e) Liens
in respect of judgments that would not constitute an Event of Default hereunder;

(f) Easements,
covenants, conditions, restrictions, building code laws, zoning restrictions, rights-of-way and similar encumbrances on real property
imposed by law or arising in the ordinary course of business that do not secure any monetary obligations and do not materially detract
from the value of the affected property or materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of business of a Loan Party and such other minor
title defects or survey matters that are disclosed by current surveys that, in each case, do not materially interfere with the current
use of the real property;

(g) Liens
existing on the ThirdFourth
Amendment Effective Date listed on Schedule 7.01 to the Disclosure Schedule and any Permitted Refinancings thereof;

(h) Liens
on fixed or capital assets of any Loan Party or any of their Restricted Subsidiaries which secure Indebtedness permitted under clauses
(c) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness so long as (i) such Liens and the Indebtedness secured thereby are incurred
prior to or within ninety (90) days after such acquisition, (ii) the Indebtedness secured thereby does not exceed the cost of acquisition
of the applicable assets, and (iii) such Liens shall attach only to the assets acquired, improved or refinanced with such Indebtedness
and shall not extend to any other property or assets of the Loan Parties;

(i) 
Liens securing Permitted Real Estate Indebtedness;

(j) 
Liens in favor of the Lender;

37

(k) 
Landlords and lessors statutory Liens in respect of rent not in default;

(l) Possessory
Liens in favor of brokers and dealers arising in connection with the acquisition or disposition of Investments owned as of the Third Amendment
Effective Date and other Permitted Investments, provided that such liens (a) attach only to such Investments and (b) secure
only obligations incurred in the ordinary course and arising in connection with the acquisition or disposition of such Investments and
not any obligation in connection with margin financing;

(m) Liens
arising solely by virtue of any statutory or common law provisions relating to bankers Liens, Liens in favor of securities intermediaries,
rights of setoff or similar rights and remedies as to deposit accounts or securities accounts or other funds maintained with depository
institutions or securities intermediaries;

(n) Liens
arising from precautionary UCC filings regarding true operating leases or, to the extent permitted under the Loan Documents,
the consignment of goods to a Loan Party;

(o) Voluntary
Liens on property (other than property of the type included in the Borrowing Base) in existence at the time such property is acquired
pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition or on such property of a Subsidiary of a Loan Party in existence at the time such Subsidiary is acquired
pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition; provided, that such Liens are not incurred in connection with or in anticipation of such Permitted
Acquisition and do not attach to any other assets of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary;

(p) Liens
in favor of customs and revenues authorities imposed by applicable Laws arising in the ordinary course of business in connection with
the importation of goods and securing obligations (i) that are not overdue by more than thirty (30) days, or (ii)(A) that are
being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (B) the applicable Loan Party or Subsidiary has set aside on its books
adequate reserves with respect thereto, if and to the extent required in accordance with GAAP and (C) such contest effectively suspends
collection of the contested obligation and enforcement of any Lien securing such obligation.

(q) Liens
securing obligations under Swap Contracts permitted to be entered by this Agreement in the ordinary course of business;

(r) Liens
on insurance policies and the proceeds thereof securing the applicable unearned insurance premiums with respect thereto in the ordinary
course of business;

(s) Customary
offsets to fees and chargebacks in favor of credit card companies pursuant to agreements therewith entered in the ordinary course of business;
and

(t) Liens
securing obligations in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding not exceeding $2,500,000.

38

Permitted Indebtedness means each of the following:

(a) Indebtedness
outstanding on the ThirdFourth
Amendment Effective Date listed on Schedule 7.03 to the Disclosure Schedule and any Permitted Refinancing thereof;

(b) 
Indebtedness of any Loan Party to any other Loan Party;

(c) Purchase
money Indebtedness of any Loan Party to finance the acquisition of any personal property consisting solely of fixed or capital assets,
including Capital Lease Obligations, and any Indebtedness assumed in connection with the acquisition of any such assets or secured by
a Lien on any such assets prior to the acquisition thereof, and Permitted Refinancings thereof, provided, however, that
the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness permitted by this clause (c) shall not exceed $25,000,000 at any time outstanding
and further provided that, if requested by the Lender, the Loan Parties shall cause the holders of such Indebtedness to enter into
a Collateral Access Agreement on terms reasonably satisfactory to the Lender;

(d) 
[Reserved];

(e) Contingent
liabilities under surety bonds or similar instruments incurred in the ordinary course of business in connection with the construction
or improvement of Stores;

(f) obligations
(contingent or otherwise) of any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary thereof existing or arising under any Swap Contract, provided
that such obligations are (or were) entered into by such Person in the ordinary course of business for the purpose of directly mitigating
risks associated with fluctuations in commodity prices, interest rates or foreign exchange rates, and not for purposes of speculation
or taking a market view;

(g) Indebtedness
and other obligations with respect to the deferred purchase price for any Permitted Acquisition;

(h) Guaranty
obligations in connection with the provision of credit card processing services to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary that is permitted
hereunder;

(i) Guarantee
obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business in respect of obligations of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary permitted
hereunder to suppliers, customers, franchisees, lessors, licensees, sublicensees or distribution partners;

(j) Indebtedness
of any Person that becomes a Subsidiary of a Loan Party in a Permitted Acquisition, which Indebtedness is existing at the time such Person
becomes a Subsidiary of a Loan Party (other than Indebtedness incurred solely in contemplation of such Persons becoming a Subsidiary
of a Loan Party);

39

(k) Indebtedness
representing deferred compensation to employees, directors, consultants, partners, members, contract providers, independent contractors
or other service providers of incurred in the ordinary course of business; and (ii) Indebtedness consisting of (x) obligations
under deferred compensation arrangements to employees, directors, partners, members, consultants, independent contractors or other service
providers, including such obligations incurred in connection with Permitted Acquisitions or (y) any other Investment permitted under
this Agreement;

(l) 
The Obligations;

(m) Any
Permitted Real Estate Indebtedness;

(n) To
the extent constituting Indebtedness, any lease, or sublease, between any Loan Party and a Permitted Real Estate Subsidiary; and

(o) Other
Indebtedness in an aggregate amount not to exceed $2,500,000 at any time outstanding. Permitted Investments means each
of the following:

(a) Readily
marketable obligations issued or directly and fully guaranteed or insured by the United States or any agency or instrumentality thereof
having maturities of not more than 2 years from the date of acquisition thereof; provided that the full faith and credit of the
United States is pledged in support thereof;

(b) Commercial
paper issued by any Person organized under the laws of any state of the United States and at the time of the making of such Investment
by the Borrower, is rated at least Prime-1 (or the then equivalent grade) by Moodys or at least A-1
(or the then equivalent grade) by S&P, in each case with maturities of not more than 2 years from the date of acquisition thereof;

(c) Time
deposits with, or insured certificates of deposit or bankers acceptances of, any commercial bank that (i) (A) is the
Lender or (B) is organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia or is the principal
banking subsidiary of a bank holding company organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia,
and is a member of the Federal Reserve System, (ii) issues (or the parent of which issues) commercial paper rated as described in
clause (b) of this definition and (iii) has combined capital and surplus of at least $1,000,000,000, in each case with maturities
of not more than two years from the date of acquisition thereof;

(d) Fully
collateralized repurchase agreements with a term of not more than thirty (30) days for securities described in clause (a) above (without
regard to the limitation on maturity contained in such clause) and entered into with a financial institution satisfying the criteria described
in clause (c) above or with any primary dealer and having a market value at the time that such repurchase agreement is entered into
of not less than one hundred percent (100%) of the repurchase obligation of such counterparty entity with whom such repurchase agreement
has been entered into;

40

(e) Investments
by the Borrower consistent with the Borrowers investment policy provided to the Lender prior to the Third Amendment Effective Date
(as may be amended with the approval of the Borrowers Board of Directors);

(f) Investments
existing on the ThirdFourth
Amendment Effective Date set forth on Schedule 7.02 to the Disclosure Schedule, but not any increase in the amount thereof or any other
modification of the terms thereof if such increase or modified Investment would not otherwise be a Permitted Investment in accordance
with the provisions of this definition;

(g) (i) Investments
by any Loan Party and its Subsidiaries in their respective Subsidiaries outstanding on the Third Amendment Effective Date, (ii) additional
Investments by any Loan Party and its Subsidiaries in Loan Parties, (iii) additional Investments by Subsidiaries of the Loan Parties
that are not Loan Parties in other Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties and (iv) additional Investments in Unrestricted Subsidiaries
in an aggregate amount equal to the greater of (x) $2,500,000 and (y) so long as the Unrestricted Cash Payment Conditions are
satisfied after giving effect to such Investment, the amount of Unrestricted Cash of the Loan Parties in excess of $10,000,000;

(h) Additional
Investments in joint ventures in an aggregate amount equal to the greater of (x) $2,500,000 and (y) so long as the Unrestricted
Cash Payment Conditions are satisfied after giving effect to such Investment, the amount of Unrestricted Cash of the Loan Parties in excess
of $10,000,000;

(i) Investments
in the form of a contribution of Real Estate to a Permitted Real Estate Subsidiary in connection with Permitted Real Estate Indebtedness
so long as Payment Conditions are satisfied after giving effect to such Investment;

(j) Investments
consisting of extensions of credit in the nature of accounts receivable or notes receivable arising from the grant of trade credit in
the ordinary course of business, and Investments received in satisfaction or partial satisfaction thereof from financially troubled account
debtors to the extent reasonably necessary in order to prevent or limit loss;

(k) 
Guarantees constituting Permitted Indebtedness;

(l) Investments
by any Loan Party in Swap Contracts otherwise permitted hereunder;

(m) Any
Investment in securities or other assets received in connection with a Permitted Disposition;

41

(n) Investments
received in connection with the bankruptcy or reorganization of, or settlement of delinquent accounts and disputes with suppliers, in
each case in the ordinary course of business;

(o) Advances
to officers, directors and employees of the Loan Parties and Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business in an amount not to exceed
$200,000 to any individual at any time or in an aggregate amount not to exceed $600,000 at any time outstanding, for travel, entertainment,
relocation and analogous ordinary business purposes;

(p) 
Investments constituting Permitted Acquisitions; provided, however, that (i) such Investments shall be pledged to the Lender
as additional collateral for the Obligations pursuant to such agreements as may be reasonably required by the Lender, and (ii) notwithstanding
the foregoing, after the occurrence and during the continuance of a Cash Dominion Event, Borrower shall not be permitted to enter into
Investments of the types specified in clauses (a) through (e) unless either (A) no Loans or, if then required to be Cash
Collateralized, Letters of Credit are then outstanding, or (B) the Investment is a temporary Investment pending expiration of an
Interest Period for a Eurodollar RateTerm
SOFR Loan, the proceeds of which Investment will be applied to the Obligations after the expiration of such Interest Period.

(q) Additional
Investments so long as the Payment Conditions are satisfied on a pro forma basis at the time the relevant Investment is consummated.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
in the foregoing, to the extent any Permitted Investment includes Intellectual Property material and necessary for the operation of the
assets of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, which constitutes Collateral, such Intellectual Property shall be
subject to a royalty-free, non-exclusive license in favor of the Lender for the purpose of the Lenders exercise of rights and remedies
under the Loan Documents in connection with the Collateral.

Permitted Real Estate
Indebtedness means Indebtedness incurred by any Loan Party or any Permitted Real Estate Subsidiary including any Indebtedness incurred
in connection with sale-leaseback transactions permitted hereunder and any Synthetic Lease Obligations; provided that (a) such
Indebtedness may only be secured primarily by (i) Real Estate (including fixtures thereon) being financed by such Indebtedness (for
the avoidance of doubt such Indebtedness may not be secured by Collateral included in the Borrowing Base), (ii) deposit accounts
solely containing proceeds (x) of such Indebtedness, (y) from the Disposition of such Real Estate or (z) from casualty
or condemnation event with respect to such Real Estate, (iii) to the extent such Indebtedness is incurred by a Permitted Real Estate
Subsidiary, the Equity Interests of such Permitted Real Estate Subsidiary, and (iv) to the extent such Indebtedness is incurred by
a Permitted Real Estate Subsidiary, any other assets of such Permitted Real Estate Subsidiary permitted to be owned by such Permitted
Real Estate Subsidiary pursuant to the definition thereof, in the case of each of clauses (i), (ii), (iii) and
(iv), together with any proceeds thereof and (b) to the extent a Loan Party is a lessee or sublessee of such Real Estate owned
or leased by a Permitted Real Estate Subsidiary, (i) any lease arrangements entered into among any Loan Party and such Permitted
Real Estate Subsidiary shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Lender and (ii) the holders or agent with respect to such Indebtedness
shall have executed and delivered a Collateral Access Agreement with respect to such Real Estate securing such Indebtedness.

42

Permitted Real Estate
Subsidiary means, collectively, any Subsidiary formed for the primary purpose of incurring Permitted Real Estate Indebtedness and
any Subsidiary of such Subsidiary; provided that if any such Subsidiary (or Subsidiary of such Subsidiary) is a Restricted Subsidiary,
it shall not have any material assets other than (i) the Real Estate (including fixtures thereon) being financed by such Permitted
Real Estate Indebtedness, (ii) deposit accounts and securities accounts containing proceeds of such Permitted Real Estate Indebtedness,
proceeds from the Disposition or a casualty or condemnation event with respect to such Real Estate (and fixtures thereon), and proceeds
of the operations of such Subsidiary, together with any proceeds thereof or, (iii) leases or sub-leases of such Real Estate (and
fixtures thereon) and (iv) other assets related to the ownership (whether such interest is in fee or leasehold), occupancy, tenancy
or operation of such Real Estate (or fixtures thereon) or any business substantially related or incidental thereto.

Permitted Refinancing
means, with respect to any Person, any Indebtedness issued in exchange for, or the net proceeds of which are used to extend, refinance,
renew, replace, defease or refund (collectively, to Refinance), the Indebtedness being Refinanced (or previous refinancings
thereof constituting a Permitted Refinancing); provided, that (a) the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable)
of such Permitted Refinancing does not exceed the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) of the Indebtedness so Refinanced
(plus unpaid accrued interest and premiums thereon and underwriting discounts, defeasance costs, fees, commissions and expenses), (b) the
weighted average life to maturity of such Permitted Refinancing is greater than or equal to the weighted average life to maturity of the
Indebtedness being Refinanced, (c) such Permitted Refinancing shall not require any scheduled principal payments due prior to the
Maturity Date in excess of, or prior to, the scheduled principal payments due prior to such Maturity Date for the Indebtedness being Refinanced,
(d) if the Indebtedness being Refinanced is subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations under this Agreement, such Permitted
Refinancing shall be subordinated in right of payment to such Obligations on terms at least as favorable to the Credit Parties as those
contained in the documentation governing the Indebtedness being Refinanced (e) no Permitted Refinancing shall have direct or indirect
obligors who were not also obligors of the Indebtedness being Refinanced, or greater guarantees or security, than the Indebtedness being
Refinanced, (f) such Permitted Refinancing shall be otherwise on terms not materially less favorable to the Credit Parties than those
contained in the documentation governing the Indebtedness being Refinanced, including, without limitation, with respect to financial and
other covenants and events of default, (g) the interest rate applicable to any such Permitted Refinancing shall not exceed the then
applicable market interest rate, and (h) at the time thereof, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing.

Person means
any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, limited partnership,
Governmental Authority or other entity.

Plan means any employee benefit plan
within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA (including a Pension Plan), maintained for employees of the Borrower or any ERISA
Affiliate or any such Plan to which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate is required to contribute on behalf of any of its employees.

43

Pre-Adjustment Successor Rate has the meaning
specified in Section 3.03(c).

Pro Forma Availability
Condition shall mean, as of any date of calculation, Pro Forma Availability will be greater than the greater of (a) 15.0%
of the Loan Cap and (b) $7,500,000.

Pro Forma Availability
shall mean, as of any date of calculation, after giving pro forma effect to the transaction then to be consummated or payment to be made,
Availability as of the date of such transaction or payment and for each of the thirty (30) days prior to such transaction or payment.

QFC has
the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C.
5390(c)(8)(D).

Qualified ECP Guarantor
means, at any time, each Loan Party with total assets exceeding $10,000,000 or that qualifies at such time as an eligible contract
participant under the Commodity Exchange Act and can cause another Person to qualify as an eligible contract participant
at such time under Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act.

Real Estate
means all Leases and all real property, together with the buildings, structures, parking areas, and other improvements thereon, now or
hereafter owned by any Loan Party, including all easements, rights-of-way, and similar rights relating thereto and all leases, tenancies,
and occupancies thereof.

Registered Public Accounting
Firm has the meaning specified by the Securities Laws and shall be independent of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as prescribed
by the Securities Laws.

Related
Adjustment means, in determining any LIBOR
Successor Rate, the first relevant available alternativeset forth in theorder
below that can be determinedby the Lenderapplicable to such LIBOR
Successor Rate:

(A) the
spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant
Governmental Body for the relevant Pre-Adjustment Successor Rate (taking into account the interest period, interest payment date or payment
period for interest calculated and/or tenor thereto) and which adjustment or method (x) is published on an information service as
selected by the Lenderfrom time to timein its reasonable
discretion or (y) solely with respect to Term SOFR, if not currently published, which was previously so recommended for Term SOFR
and published on an information service acceptable to the Lender; or

(B) the
spread adjustment that would apply (or has previously been applied) to thefallback rate for a derivative transaction referencing the ISDA Definitions (taking into account the interest
period, interest payment date or payment period for interest calculated and/or tenor thereto).

44

Related Parties
means, with respect to any Person, such Persons Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees,
administrators, managers, advisors, consultants, service providers and representatives of such Person and of such Persons Affiliates.

Release means
any release, spill, emission, discharge, disposal, leaking, pumping, pouring, dumping, emptying, injection or leaching into the Environment.

Relevant
Governmental Body means theFederal Reserve
Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.

Reportable Event
means any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA, other than events for which the 30 day notice period has been
waived.

Request for Credit
Extension means (a) with respect to a Committed Borrowing, Conversion or continuation of Committed Loans, a Committed Loan
Notice, and (b) with respect to an L/C Credit Extension, a Letter of Credit Application.

Reserves means
all Inventory Reserves and Availability Reserves. The Lender shall have the right, at any time and from time to time after the Closing
Date in its discretion to establish, modify or eliminate Reserves.

Resolution
Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority.

Responsible Officer
means the chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, treasurer or assistant treasurer of a Loan Party or any of the
other individuals designated in writing to the Lender by an existing Responsible Officer of a Loan Party as an authorized signatory of
any certificate or other document to be delivered hereunder. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer
of a Loan Party shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and/or other action on
the part of such Loan Party and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of such Loan Party.

Restricted Payment
means any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) with respect to any capital stock or other Equity
Interest of any Person or any of its Subsidiaries, or any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking
fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, defeasance, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any
such capital stock or other Equity Interest, or on account of any return of capital to such Persons stockholders, partners or members
(or the equivalent of any thereof), or any option, warrant or other right to acquire any such dividend or other distribution or payment;
provided, however, that transactions pursuant to provisions in Equity Interests of the Borrower that allow employees, at their
option, to settle their tax obligations in respect thereof with a tender of a portion of such Equity Interests back to the Borrower, and
tax payments made by the Borrower pursuant thereto, shall not be a Restricted Payment hereunder. Without limiting the foregoing, Restricted
Payments with respect to any Person shall also include all payments made by such Person with any proceeds of a dissolution or liquidation
of such Person.

45

Restricted Subsidiary
means any Subsidiary of the Borrower other than an Unrestricted Subsidiary.

RP Conditions
means, at the time of determination with respect to any specified transaction or payment, that (a) no Default or Event of Default
then exists or would arise as a result of entering into such transaction or the making of such payment, (b) after giving effect to
such transaction or payment, Pro Forma Availability is greater than the greater of (i) 17.5% of the Loan Cap and (ii) $9,375,000
and the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, as calculated on a pro-forma basis for the applicable Measurement Period (as if such
transaction or payment had been made on the first day of the applicable Measurement Period), is equal to or greater than 1.0:1.0, immediately
preceding, and on a pro forma basis on the date thereof, after giving effect to such dividend or repurchase. Prior to undertaking any
transaction or payment which is subject to the RP Conditions, the Loan Parties shall deliver to the Lender evidence of satisfaction of
the conditions contained in clause (b) above on a basis (including, without limitation, giving due consideration to results for prior
periods) reasonably satisfactory to the Lender.

S&P means
Standard & Poors Ratings Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. and any successor thereto.

Sanction(s) means any economic sanctions
administered or enforced by OFAC, the U.S. Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, or HerHis
Majestys Treasury (HMT).

Sarbanes-Oxley means the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002.

SEC means the
Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions.

Second Amendment Effective Date means May 12,
2020.

Securities Laws
means the Securities Act of 1933, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Sarbanes-Oxley, and the applicable accounting and auditing principles,
rules, standards and practices promulgated, approved or incorporated by the SEC or the PCAOB.

Security Agreement
means the Security Agreement dated as of the Closing Date among the Loan Parties and the Lender (as
amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time).

Security Documents
means the Security Agreement, the Blocked Account Agreements, the Credit Card Notifications, any Collateral Access Agreement, and each
other security agreement or other instrument or document executed and delivered to the Lender pursuant to this Agreement or any other
Loan Document granting a Lien to secure any of the Obligations.

46

SEMS means the
Superfund Enterprise Management System maintained by the United States Environmental Protection Agency.

Shareholders
Equity means, as of any date of determination, consolidated shareholders equity of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries
as of that date determined in accordance with GAAP.

Shrink means
Inventory which has been lost, misplaced, stolen, or is otherwise unaccounted for.

SOFR with
respect to anyBusiness Day means the secured overnight financing rate published for
such daymeans the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as
administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of the benchmark
(or a successor administrator) on the Federal Reserve Bank of New Yorks website (or any successor
source)at approximately 8:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the immediately succeeding
Business Day and, in each case, that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body..

SOFR-Based
Rate meansSOFR or Term SOFRSOFR
Adjustment means 0.10%
(10.00 basis points) per annum.

Solvent and
Solvency means, with respect to any Person on a particular date, that on such date (a) at fair valuation, all of the
properties and assets of such Person are greater than the sum of the debts, including contingent liabilities, of such Person, (b) the
present fair saleable value of the properties and assets of such Person is not less than the amount that would be required to pay the
probable liability of such Person on its debts as they become absolute and matured, (c) such Person is able to realize upon its properties
and assets and pay its debts and other liabilities, contingent obligations and other commitments as they mature in the normal course of
business, (d) such Person does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur debts beyond such Persons ability to
pay as such debts mature, and (e) such Person is not engaged in a business or a transaction, and is not about to engage in a business
or transaction, for which such Persons properties and assets would constitute unreasonably small capital after giving due consideration
to the prevailing practices in the industry in which such Person is engaged. The amount of all guarantees at any time shall be computed
as the amount that, in light of all the facts and circumstances existing at the time, can reasonably be expected to become an actual or
matured liability.

Specified Loan Party
means any Loan Party that is not then an eligible contract participant under the Commodity Exchange Act (determined prior
to giving effect to Section 9.23).

Standby Letter of Credit
means any Letter of Credit that is not a Commercial Letter of Credit and that (a) is used in lieu or in support of performance guaranties
or performance, surety or similar bonds (excluding appeal bonds) arising in the ordinary course of business, (b) is used in lieu
or in support of stay or appeal bonds, (c) supports the payment of insurance premiums for reasonably necessary casualty insurance
carried by any of the Loan Parties, or (d) supports payment or performance for identified purchases or exchanges of products or services
in the ordinary course of business.

47

Stated Amount
means at any time the maximum amount for which a Letter of Credit may be honored.

Store means any retail store (including
any real property, fixtures, equipment, inventory and other property related thereto) operated, or to be operated, by any Loan Party.

Subordinated Indebtedness
means Indebtedness which is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the prior payment in full of the Obligations and which is in
form and on terms approved in writing by the Lender.

Subsidiary of
a Person means a corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other business entity of which a majority of the
Equity Interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other governing body are at the time beneficially owned,
or the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person.
Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to a Subsidiary or to Subsidiaries shall refer to a Subsidiary
or Subsidiaries of a Loan Party.

Successor
Rate has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(b).

Swap Contract
means (a) any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity swaps,
commodity options, forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond index swaps or options
or forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions, interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions,
cap transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions, currency
options, spot contracts, or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing (including any options to enter
into any of the foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement, and (b) any and
all transactions of any kind, and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form
of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master
Agreement, or any other master agreement (any such master agreement, together with any related schedules, a Master Agreement),
including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement.

Swap Obligations means with respect
to any Loan Party any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a swap
within the meaning of Section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act.

Swap Termination Value
means, in respect of any one or more Swap Contracts, after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable netting agreement
relating to such Swap Contracts, (a) for any date on or after the date such Swap Contracts have been closed out and termination value(s) determined
in accordance therewith, and (b) for any date prior to the date referenced in clause (a), the amount(s) determined as the mark-to-market
value(s) for such Swap Contracts, as determined based upon one or more mid-market or other readily available quotations provided
by any recognized dealer in such Swap Contracts (which may include the Lender or any Affiliate of the Lender).

48

Synthetic Lease Obligation
means the monetary obligation of a Person under (a) a so-called synthetic, off-balance sheet or tax retention lease, or (b) an
agreement for the use or possession of property (including sale and leaseback transactions), in each case, creating obligations that do
not appear on the balance sheet of such Person but which, upon the application of any Debtor Relief Laws to such Person, would be characterized
as the indebtedness of such Person (without regard to accounting treatment).

Taxes means
all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup witholdings), assessments, fees or other
charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto.

Term
SOFR means:

(a)for
any Interest Period with respect to a Term SOFR Loan,
the rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR Screen Rate two U.S. Government SecuritiesBusiness
Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period with a term equivalent to such Interest Period; provided
that if the rate is not published prior to 11:00 a.m. on such determination date then Term SOFR means the Term SOFR Screen Rate
on the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately prior thereto, in each case, plus the SOFR Adjustment for such Interest
Period; and

(b)for
any interest calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan on any date, the rate per annum equal to the
Term SOFR Screen Rate two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such date
with a term of one month commencing that day; provided
that if the rate is not published prior to 11:00 a.m. on such determination date then Term SOFR means the Term SOFR Screen Rate
on the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately prior thereto, in each case, plus the SOFR Adjustment for such term;

provided
that if the Term
SOFR determined in accordance with either of the foregoing provisions (a) or (b) of this definition would otherwise be
less than 0.00%, the Term SOFR shall
be deemed 0.00% for
purposes of this Agreement.

Term
SOFR Loan means a Committed Loan that bears interest at a rate based on clause
(a) of the definition of Term SOFR.

Term
SOFR Replacement Date has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(b).

Term SOFR Screen
Rate means the forward-looking SOFR term
rate for any period that is approximately (as determined by the Lender) as long as any of the Interest
Period options set forth in the definition of Interest Period and that is based on SOFR and that has been selected or recommended
by the Relevant Governmental Body, in each case as published on an information service as selected administered
by CME (or
any successor administrator satisfactory to the Lender)
and published on the applicable Reuters
screen page (or such other commercially
available source providing such quotations as may
be designated by the Lender from time to time in its reasonable discretion).

49

Termination Date
means the earliest to occur of (i) the Maturity Date, (ii) the date on which the maturity of the Obligations is accelerated
(or deemed accelerated) and the Commitments are irrevocably terminated (or deemed terminated) in accordance with Article VIII,
or (iii) the termination of the Commitments in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.06 hereof.

Third Amendment Effective Date means April 15,
2021.

Total Outstandings means the aggregate
Outstanding Amount of all Loans and all L/C Obligations.

Trading with the Enemy Act has the meaning
set forth in Section 9.17. Trigger Event has the meaning provided in Section 6.10(b).

Type means, with respect to a Committed
Loan, its character as a Base Rate Loan or a Eurodollar RateTerm
SOFR Loan.

UCC or Uniform
Commercial Code means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in the State of New York; provided, however, that
if a term is defined in Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code differently than in another Article thereof, the term shall
have the meaning set forth in Article 9; provided further that, if by reason of mandatory provisions of law, perfection, or
the effect of perfection or non-perfection, of a security interest in any Collateral or the availability of any remedy hereunder is governed
by the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in a jurisdiction other than State of New York, Uniform Commercial Code means
the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in such other jurisdiction for purposes of the provisions hereof relating to such perfection
or effect of perfection or non-perfection or availability of such remedy, as the case may be.

UCP 600
means the rules of the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits, asmost recentlypublished by the International Chamber of Commerce
anddated as ofJuly 1,
2007Publication No. 600 (or such later
version thereof as may be in effect at the time of issuance).

UFCA has the meaning specified
in Section 9.20(d). UFTA has the meaning specified in Section 9.20(d).

UK
Financial Institution means any BRRD
Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended form time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential
Regulation Authority) or any person subject to IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United
Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit
institutions or investment firms.

50

UK
Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution
of any UK Financial Institution.

Unfunded Pension Liability
means the excess of a Pension Plans benefit liabilities under Section 4001(a)(16) of ERISA, over the current value of that
Pension Plans assets, determined in accordance with the assumptions used for funding the Pension Plan pursuant to Section 412
of the Code for the applicable plan year.

United States and U.S. mean the
United States of America.

Unreimbursed Amount
means the amount of any drawing under a Letter of Credit for which the Borrower has failed to reimburse the L/C Issuer.

Unrestricted Cash
means when referring to cash or cash equivalents of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, that such cash or cash equivalents
(i) does not appear (or would not be required to appear) as restricted on a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower
or of any such Restricted Subsidiary or (ii) is from time to time deposited is in a DDA, which DDA is subject to no Liens other than
those in favor of the Lender, but excluding any amounts on deposit in any escrow, restricted special purpose or restricted account, such
as an account specifically designated for payroll or sales taxes.

Unrestricted Cash Payment
Conditions means, at the time of determination with respect to any specified Restricted Payment, prepayment on Indebtedness, Permitted
Acquisition or other Permitted Investment that (a) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing immediately prior to,
or immediately after giving effect, to such Restricted Payment, prepayment on Indebtedness, Permitted Acquisition or other Permitted Investment,
as applicable, or would result therefrom, and (b) and there have been no Loans (for the avoidance of doubt Loans shall not include
any Letters of Credit or any Unreimbursed Amounts) outstanding immediately prior, nor after giving pro forma effect to such Restricted
Payment, prepayment on Indebtedness, Permitted Acquisition or other Permitted Investment, as applicable, nor are there projected to be
any Loans outstanding for the thirty (30) days immediately subsequent to, the making of such Restricted Payment, prepayment on Indebtedness,
Permitted Acquisition or other Permitted Investment, as applicable.

Unrestricted Subsidiary
means (i) any Subsidiary of the Borrower designated by the Board of Directors of the Borrower as an Unrestricted Subsidiary pursuant
to Section 6.20 subsequent to the Third Amendment Effective Date and (ii) any Subsidiary of an Unrestricted Subsidiary.

U.S.
Government Securities Business Day means any day
except for (a) a Saturday, (b) a Sunday or (c) a day on which the
Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire
day for purposes of trading in United States government securities.

U.S. Person
means any Person that is a United States Person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code.

51

Withholding Agent means the Borrower and the
Lender.

Write-Down
and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such
EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion
powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable
Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution
or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations
of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised
under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related
to or ancillary to any of those powers.

1.02 Other
Interpretive Provisions. With reference to this Agreement and each other Loan Document, unless otherwise specified herein or in such
other Loan Document:

(a) The
definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require,
any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include, includes
and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation. The word will
shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall. Unless the context requires otherwise, (i) any
definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document (including any Organization Document) shall be construed as
referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject
to any restrictions on such amendments, restatements, supplements or modifications set forth herein or in any other Loan Document), (ii) any
reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Persons successors and assigns, (iii) the words hereto,
herein, hereof and hereunder, and words of similar import when used in
any Loan Document, shall be construed to refer to such Loan Document in its entirety and not to any particular provision thereof, (iv) all
references in a Loan Document to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and
Exhibits and Schedules to, the Loan Document in which such references appear, (v) any reference to any law shall include all statutory
and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing or interpreting such law and any reference to any law, rule, or regulation
shall, unless otherwise specified, refer to such law, rule, or regulation as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, and
(vi) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect
and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights.

(b) In
the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from
and including; the words to and until each mean to but excluding;
and the word through means to and including.

52

(c) Section headings
herein and in the other Loan Documents are included for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this
Agreement or any other Loan Document.

(d) Any
reference herein or in any other Loan Document to the satisfaction, repayment, or payment in full of the Obligations shall mean the repayment
in Dollars in full in cash or immediately available funds (or, in the case of contingent reimbursement obligations with respect to Letters
of Credit and Bank Products (other than Swap Contracts), providing Cash Collateralization) of all of the Obligations (including the payment
of any termination amount then applicable (or which would or could become applicable as a result of the repayment of the other Obligations)
under Swap Contracts) other than (i) unasserted contingent indemnification Obligations, (ii) any Obligations relating to Bank
Products (including Swap Contracts) that, at such time, are allowed by the applicable Bank Product provider to remain outstanding without
being required to be repaid or Cash Collateralized, and (iii) any Obligations relating to Cash Management Services that, at such
time, are allowed by the applicable provider of such Cash Management Services to remain outstanding without being required to be repaid.

(e) Any
reference herein to a merger, transfer, consolidation, amalgamation, consolidation, assignment, sale, disposition or transfer, or similar
term, shall be deemed to apply to a division of or by a limited liability company, or an allocation of assets to a series of a limited
liability company (or the unwinding of such a division or allocation), as if it were a merger, transfer, consolidation, amalgamation,
consolidation, assignment, sale, disposition or transfer, or similar term, as applicable, to, of or with a separate Person. Any division
of a limited liability company shall constitute a separate Person hereunder (and each division of any limited liability company that is
a Subsidiary, joint venture or any other like term shall also constitute such a Person or entity).

1.03 Accounting Terms.

(a) Generally.
All accounting terms not specifically or completely defined herein shall be construed in conformity with, and all financial data (including
financial ratios and other financial calculations) required to be submitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in conformity
with, GAAP applied on a consistent basis, as in effect from time to time, applied in a manner consistent with that used in preparing the
Audited Financial Statements, except as otherwise specifically prescribed herein; provided that all leases that would be treated
as operating leases for purposes of GAAP on the Closing Date shall continue to be accounted for as operating leases for purposes of all
financial definitions and calculations hereunder regardless of any change to GAAP following the Closing Date that would otherwise require
such leases to be treated as Capital Lease Obligations or the equivalent thereof.

(b) Changes
in GAAP. If at any time any change in GAAP would affect the computation of any financial ratio or requirement set forth in any Loan
Document, and either the Borrower or the Lender shall so request, the Lender and the Borrower shall negotiate in good faith to amend such
ratio or requirement to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP; provided that, until so amended,
(i) such ratio or requirement shall continue to be computed in accordance with GAAP prior to such change therein and (ii) the
Borrower shall provide to the Lender financial statements and other documents required under this Agreement or as reasonably requested
hereunder setting forth a reconciliation between calculations of such ratio or requirement made before and after giving effect to such
change in GAAP.

53

1.04 Rounding.
Any financial ratios required to be maintained by the Loan Parties pursuant to this Agreement shall be calculated by dividing the
appropriate component by the other component, carrying the result to one place more than the number of places by which such ratio is expressed
herein and rounding the result up or down to the nearest number (with a rounding-up if there is no nearest number).

1.05 Times
of Day. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to times of day shall be references to Eastern time (daylight or standard,
as applicable).

1.06 Letter
of Credit Amounts. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to the amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed
to be the Stated Amount of such Letter of Credit in effect at such time; provided, however, that with respect to any Letter of Credit
that, by its terms of any Issuer Documents related thereto, provides for one or more automatic increases in the Stated Amount thereof,
the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be the maximum Stated Amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all
such increases, whether or not such maximum Stated Amount is in effect at such time.

1.07 Currency
Equivalents Generally. Any amount specified in this Agreement (other than in Articles II and IX) or any of the other
Loan Documents to be in Dollars shall also include the equivalent of such amount in any currency other than Dollars, such equivalent amount
thereof in the applicable currency to be determined by the Lender at such time on the basis of the Spot Rate (as defined below) for the
purchase of such currency with Dollars. For purposes of this Section 1.07, the Spot Rate for a currency
means the rate determined by the Lender to be the rate quoted by the Person acting in such capacity as the spot rate for the purchase
by such Person of such currency with another currency through its principal foreign exchange trading office at approximately 11:00 a.m. on
the date two Business Days prior to the date of such determination; provided that the Lender may obtain such spot rate from another
financial institution designated by the Lender if the Person acting in such capacity does not have as of the date of determination a spot
buying rate for any such currency.

1.08 Interest
Rates. The Lender does not warrant, nor accept responsibility, nor shall the Lender have any liability with respect to the administration,
submission or any other matter related to the rates in the definition of Eurodollar Rateany
reference rate referred to herein or with respect to any rate (including,
for the avoidance of doubt, the selection of such rate and any related spread or other adjustment) that is an alternative or
replacement for or successor to any of such raterates
(including, without limitation, any LIBOR Successor Rate)
(or any component of any of the foregoing) or the effect of any of the foregoing, or of any LIBOR
Successor Rate Conforming Changes. The Lender and its
affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions or other activities that affect any reference rate referred to herein,
or any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including,
without limitation, any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing)
or any related spread or other adjustments thereto, in each case,
in a manner
adverse to the Borrower. The Lender may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain any reference
rate referred to herein or any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including, without limitation, any Successor Rate) (or any
component of any of the foregoing), in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower
or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages,
costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or other action or omission
related to or affecting the selection, determination, or calculation of any rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information
source or service.

54

ARTICLE II.

THE COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS

2.01 Committed
Loans; Reserves. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Lender agrees to make loans (each such loan, a Committed
Loan) to the Borrower from time to time, on any Business Day during the Availability Period, in an aggregate amount not to
exceed at any time outstanding the amount of the Lenders Commitment; subject in each case to the following limitations:

(a) after
giving effect to any Committed Borrowing, the Total Outstandings shall not exceed the Loan Cap,

(b) after
giving effect to any Committed Borrowing, the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Committed Loans of the Lender, plus the Outstanding
Amount of all L/C Obligations shall not exceed the Commitment, and

(c) the
Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations shall not at any time exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit.

Within the limits of the Commitment, and subject
to the other terms and conditions hereof, the Borrower may borrow under this Section 2.01, prepay under Section 2.04,
and reborrow under this Section 2.01.

2.02 
Committed Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Committed Loans.

(a) Committed
Loans shall be either Base Rate Loans or Eurodollar RateTerm
SOFR Loans as the Borrower may request subject to and in accordance with this Section 2.02. Subject to the other
provisions of this Section 2.02, Committed Borrowings of more than one Type may be incurred at the same time.

55

(b) Each
Committed Borrowing, each Conversion of Committed Loans from one Type to the other, and each continuation of Eurodollar
RateTerm SOFR Loans shall be made upon the
Borrowers irrevocable notice to the Lender, which may be given by telephone. Each such notice must be received by the Lender not
later than 11:00 a.m. (i) threetwo
(32) Business
Days prior to the requested date of any Committed Borrowing of, Conversion to or continuation of Eurodollar
RateTerm SOFR Loans or of any Conversion
of Eurodollar RateTerm
SOFR Loans to Base Rate Loans, and (ii) one Business Day prior to the requested date of any Committed Borrowing of Base
Rate Loans. Each telephonic notice by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.02(b) must be confirmed promptly by delivery
to the Lender of a written Committed Loan Notice, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. Each Committed
Borrowing of, Conversion to or continuation of Eurodollar RateTerm
SOFR Loans shall be in a principal amount of $1,000,000 or a whole multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof. Except as provided
in Section 2.03(c), each Committed Borrowing of or Conversion to Base Rate Loans shall be in such minimum amounts as the Lender
may require. Each Committed Loan Notice (whether telephonic or written) shall specify (i) whether the Borrower is requesting a Committed
Borrowing, a Conversion of Committed Loans from one Type to the other, or a continuation of Eurodollar
RateTerm SOFR Loans, (ii) the requested
date of the Committed Borrowing, Conversion or continuation, as the case may be (which shall be a Business Day), (iii) the principal
amount of Committed Loans to be borrowed, Converted or continued, (iv) the Type of Committed Loans to be borrowed or to which existing
Committed Loans are to be Converted, and (v) if applicable, the duration of the Interest Period with respect thereto. If the Borrower
fails to specify a Type of Committed Loan in a Committed Loan Notice or if the Borrower fails to give a timely notice requesting a Conversion
or continuation, then the applicable Committed Loans shall be made as, or Converted to, Base Rate Loans. Any such automatic Conversion
to Base Rate Loans shall be effective as of the last day of the Interest Period then in effect with respect to the applicable Eurodollar
RateTerm SOFR Loans. If the Borrower requests
a Committed Borrowing of, Conversion to, or continuation of Eurodollar RateTerm
SOFR Loans in any such Committed Loan Notice, but fails to specify an Interest Period, it will be deemed to have specified
an Interest Period of one (1) month. Upon satisfaction of the applicable conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (and, if
such Committed Borrowing is on the Closing Date, Section 4.01), the Lender shall use reasonable efforts to make all funds
available to the Borrower no later than 4:00 p.m. either by (i) crediting the account of the Borrower on the books of Bank of
America with the amount of such funds or (ii) wire transfer of such funds, in each case in accordance with instructions provided
to (and reasonably acceptable to) the Lender by the Borrower; provided, however, that if, on the date the Committed Loan Notice
with respect to such Committed Borrowing is given by the Borrower, there are L/C Borrowings outstanding, then the proceeds of such Committed
Borrowing, first, shall be applied to the payment in full of any such L/C Borrowings, and second, shall be made available
to the Borrower as provided above.

(c) The
Lender, without the request of the Borrower, may advance any interest, fees, service charge (including direct wire fees), and if an Event
of Default is then continuing, expenses or other payment to which any Credit Party is entitled from the Loan Parties pursuant hereto or
any other Loan Document, and may charge the same to the Loan Account notwithstanding that an Overadvance may result thereby. The Lender
shall advise the Borrower of any such advance or charge promptly after the making thereof. Such action on the part of the Lender shall
not constitute a waiver of the Lenders rights and the Borrowers obligations under Section 2.04(b). Any amount
which is added to the principal balance of the Loan Account as provided in this Section 2.02(c) shall bear interest at
the interest rate then and thereafter applicable to Base Rate Loans.

56

(d) Except
as otherwise provided herein, a Eurodollar RateTerm
SOFR Loan may be continued or Converted only on the last day of an Interest Period for such Eurodollar
RateTerm SOFR Loan. During the existence of
a Default or an Event of Default, no Loans may be requested as, Converted to or continued as Eurodollar
RateTerm SOFR Loans without the consent of
the Lender.

(e) The
Lender shall promptly notify the Borrower of the interest rate applicable to any Interest Period for Eurodollar
RateTerm SOFR Loans upon determination of such
interest rate. At any time that Base Rate Loans are outstanding, the Lender shall notify the Borrower of any change in Bank of Americas
prime rate used in determining the Base Rate promptly following the public announcement of such change.

(f) After
giving effect to all Committed Borrowings, all Conversions of Committed Loans from one Type to the other, and all continuations of Committed
Loans as the same Type, there shall not, at any time, be more than five (5) Interest Periods in effect with respect to Committed
Loans.

(g) The
Lender and the L/C Issuer shall have no obligation to make any Loan or to provide any Letter of Credit if an Overadvance would result.
The Lender may, in its discretion, make Overadvances without the consent of the Borrower and the L/C Issuer and the Borrower and the L/C
Issuer shall be bound thereby. An Overadvance is for the account of the Borrower and shall constitute a Base Rate Loan and an Obligation
and shall be repaid by the Borrower in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.04(b). The making of any such Overadvance
on any one occasion shall not obligate the Lender to make or permit any Overadvance on any other occasion or to permit such Overadvances
to remain outstanding.

(h) With
respect to SOFR or Term SOFR, the Lender will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything
to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document,
any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to
this Agreement or any other Loan Document; provided that, with respect to any such amendment effected, the Lender shall post each such
amendment implementing such Conforming Changes to the Borrower reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective.

57

2.03 Letters of Credit

(a) The
Letter of Credit Commitment.

(i) Subject
to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the L/C Issuer agrees (1) from time to time on any Business Day during the period from
the Closing Date until the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, to issue Letters of Credit for the account of the Borrower and the other
Loan Parties or their respective Restricted Subsidiaries, and to amend or extend Letters of Credit previously issued by it, in accordance
with Section 2.03(b) below, and (2) to honor drawings under the Letters of Credit; provided that after giving effect
to any L/C Credit Extension with respect to any Letter of Credit, (x) the Total Outstandings shall not exceed the Loan Cap and (y) the
Outstanding Amount of the L/C Obligations shall not exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit. Each request by the Borrower for the issuance
or amendment of a Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be a representation by the Borrower that the L/C Credit Extension so requested complies
with the conditions set forth in the proviso to the preceding sentence. Within the foregoing limits, and subject to the terms and conditions
hereof, the Borrowers ability to obtain Letters of Credit shall be fully revolving, and accordingly the Borrower may, during the
foregoing period, obtain Letters of Credit to replace Letters of Credit that have expired or that have been drawn upon and reimbursed.

(ii) 
The L/C Issuer shall not issue any Letter of Credit, if:

(A) subject
to Section 2.03(b)(iii), the expiry date of such requested Standby Letter of Credit would occur more than twelve (12) months
after the date of issuance or last extension; or

(B) the
expiry date of such requested Commercial Letter of Credit would occur more than one hundred twenty (120) days after the date of issuance;
or

(C) the
expiry date of such requested Letter of Credit would occur after the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, unless such Letter of Credit is
Cash Collateralized on or prior to the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit (or such later date as the Lender may agree); or

(D) 
any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental

(E) Authority
or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain the L/C Issuer from issuing such Letter of Credit, or any Law applicable
to the L/C Issuer or any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction
over the L/C Issuer shall prohibit, or request that the L/C Issuer refrain from, the issuance of letters of credit generally or such Letter
of Credit in particular or shall impose upon the L/C Issuer with respect to such Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital
requirement (for which the L/C Issuer is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Closing Date, or shall impose upon
the L/C Issuer any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not applicable on the Closing Date and which the L/C Issuer in good faith
deems material to it; or

(F) the
issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of the L/C Issuer applicable to letters of credit generally; or

58

(G) such
Letter of Credit is to be denominated in a currency other than Dollars; or

(H) such
Letter of Credit contains any provisions for automatic reinstatement of the Stated Amount after any drawing thereunder.

(iii) The
L/C Issuer shall not amend any Letter of Credit if the L/C Issuer would not be permitted at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in
its amended form under the terms hereof or if the beneficiary of such Letter of Credit does not accept the proposed amendment to such
Letter of Credit.

(b) Procedures
for Issuance and Amendment of Letters of Credit; Auto-Extension Letters of Credit.

(i) Each
Letter of Credit shall be issued or amended, as the case may be, upon the request of the Borrower delivered to the L/C Issuer in the form
of a Letter of Credit Application, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. Such Letter of Credit
Application may be sent by facsimile, by United States mail, by overnight courier, by electronic transmission using the system provided
by the L/C Issuer, by personal delivery or by any other means acceptable to the L/C Issuer. Such Letter of Credit Application must be
received by the L/C Issuer not later than 11:00 a.m. at least two (2) Business Days (or such other date and time as the L/C
Issuer may agree in a particular instance in its sole discretion) prior to the proposed issuance date or date of amendment, as the case
may be. In the case of a request for an initial issuance of a Letter of Credit, such Letter of Credit Application shall specify in form
and detail satisfactory to the L/C Issuer: (A) the proposed issuance date of the requested Letter of Credit (which shall be a Business
Day); (B) the amount thereof; (C) the expiry date thereof; (D) the name and address of the beneficiary thereof; (E) the
documents to be presented by such beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder; (F) the full text of any certificate to be presented
by such beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder; and (G) such other matters as the L/C Issuer may require. In the case of a
request for an amendment of any outstanding Letter of Credit, such Letter of Credit Application shall specify in form and detail satisfactory
to the L/C Issuer (A) the Letter of Credit to be amended; (B) the proposed date of amendment thereof (which shall be a Business
Day); (C) the nature of the proposed amendment; and (D) such other matters as the L/C Issuer may require. Additionally, the
Borrower shall furnish to the L/C Issuer such other documents and information pertaining to such requested Letter of Credit issuance or
amendment, including any Issuer Documents, as the L/C Issuer may require.

(ii) Unless
one or more applicable conditions contained in Article IV shall not then be satisfied or unless the L/C Issuer would not be
permitted, or would have no obligation, at such time to issue such Letter of Credit under the terms hereof (by reason of the provisions
of Section 2.03(a)(ii) or otherwise), then, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the L/C Issuer shall, on the
requested date, issue a Letter of Credit for the account of the applicable Borrower or enter into the applicable amendment, as the case
may be, in each case in accordance with the L/C Issuers usual and customary business practices.

59

(iii) If
the Borrower so requests in any applicable Letter of Credit Application, the L/C Issuer may, in its sole and absolute discretion, agree
to issue a Standby Letter of Credit that has automatic extension provisions (each, an Auto-Extension Letter of Credit);
provided that any such Auto-Extension Letter of Credit must permit the L/C Issuer to prevent any such extension at least once in
each twelve-month period (commencing with the date of issuance of such Standby Letter of Credit) by giving prior notice to the beneficiary
thereof not later than a day (the Non-Extension Notice Date) in each such twelve-month period to be agreed upon at
the time such Standby Letter of Credit is issued. Unless otherwise directed by the L/C Issuer, the Borrower shall not be required to make
a specific request to the L/C Issuer for any such extension. Once an Auto-Extension Letter of Credit has been issued, the L/C Issuer may
permit the extension of such Standby Letter of Credit at any time to an expiry date not later than the Letter of Credit Expiration Date;
provided, however, that the L/C Issuer shall not permit any such extension if (A) the L/C Issuer has determined that
it would not be permitted, or would have no obligation, at such time to issue such Standby Letter of Credit in its revised form (as extended)
under the terms hereof (by reason of the provisions of Section 2.03(a)(ii) or otherwise), or (B) one or more of
the applicable conditions specified in Section 4.02 is not then satisfied.

(c) Drawings and Reimbursements.

(i) Upon
receipt from the beneficiary of any Letter of Credit of any notice of a drawing under such Letter of Credit, the L/C Issuer shall notify
the Borrower thereof not less than two (2) Business Days prior to the Honor Date (as defined below; provided, however, that
any failure to give or delay in giving such notice shall not relieve the Borrower of its obligation to reimburse the L/C Issuer. On the
date of any payment by the L/C Issuer under a Letter of Credit (each such date, an Honor Date), the Borrower shall be deemed
to have requested a Committed Borrowing of Base Rate Loans to be disbursed on the Honor Date in an amount equal to the amount of such
payment, without regard to the minimum and multiples specified in Section 2.02(b) for the principal amount of Base Rate
Loans, but subject to the amount of the unutilized portion of the Loan Cap and the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (other
than the delivery of a Committed Loan Notice). Any notice given by the L/C Issuer pursuant to this Section 2.03(c)(i) may
be given by telephone if immediately confirmed in writing; provided that the lack of such an immediate confirmation shall not affect
the conclusiveness or binding effect of such notice. In the event that such Committed Borrowing cannot be made pursuant to the terms hereof,
then not later than 11:00 a.m. on the Honor Date,the Borrower shall reimburse the L/C Issuer in an amount equal to the amount of
such drawing. With respect to any Unreimbursed Amount that is not fully refinanced by a Committed Borrowing of Base Rate Loans because
the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 cannot be satisfied or for any other reason, the Borrower shall be deemed to have
incurred from the L/C Issuer an L/C Borrowing in the amount of any Unreimbursed Amount, which L/C Borrowing shall be due and payable on
demand and shall bear interest at the Default Rate for Base Rate Loans.

60

(d) Obligations
Absolute. The obligation of the Borrower to reimburse the L/C Issuer for each drawing under each Letter of Credit and to repay each
L/C Borrowing shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be paid strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement
under all circumstances, including the following:

(i) any
lack of validity or enforceability of such Letter of Credit, this Agreement, or any other Loan Document;

(ii) the
existence of any claim, counterclaim, setoff, defense or other right that the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary may have at any time
against any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit (or any Person for whom any such beneficiary or any such transferee
may be acting), the L/C Issuer or any other Person, whether in connection with this Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereby or
by such Letter of Credit or any agreement or instrument relating thereto, or any unrelated transaction;

(iii) any
draft, demand, certificate or other document presented under such Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent, invalid or insufficient
in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect; or any loss or delay in the transmission or otherwise
of any document required in order to make a drawing under such Letter of Credit;

(iv) waiver
by the L/C Issuer of any requirement that exists for the L/C Issuers protection and not the protection of the Borrower or any waiver
by the L/C Issuer which does not in fact materially prejudice the Borrower;

(v) any
honor of a demand for payment presented electronically even if such Letter of Credit requires that demand be in the form of a draft;

(vi) any
payment made by the L/C Issuer in respect of an otherwise complying item presented after the date specified as the expiration date of,
or the date by which documents must be received under, such Letter of Credit if presentation after such date is authorized by the UCC,
the ISP or the UCP, as applicable;

(vii) any
payment by the L/C Issuer under such Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or certificate that does not strictly comply with
the terms of such Letter of Credit; or any payment made by the L/C Issuer under such Letter of Credit to any Person purporting to be a
trustee in bankruptcy, debtor-in-possession, assignee for the benefit of creditors, liquidator, receiver or other representative of or
successor to any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit, including any arising in connection with any proceeding under
any Debtor Relief Law;

61

(viii) any
other circumstance or happening whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, including any other circumstance that might
otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries; or

(ix) the
fact that any Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing.

The Borrower shall promptly
examine a copy of each Letter of Credit and each amendment thereto that is delivered to it and, in the event of any claim of non-compliance
with the Borrowers instructions or other irregularity, the Borrower will immediately notify the L/C Issuer. The Borrower shall
be conclusively deemed to have waived any such claim against the L/C Issuer and its correspondents unless such notice is given as aforesaid.

(e) Role
of L/C Issuer. The Borrower agrees that, in paying any drawing under a Letter of Credit, the L/C Issuer shall not have any responsibility
to obtain any document (other than any sight draft, certificates and documents expressly required by the Letter of Credit) or to ascertain
or inquire as to the validity or accuracy of any such document or the authority of the Person executing or delivering any such document.
Except as provided in the final sentence of this clause (e), none of the Lender, the L/C Issuer nor any of their respective Related Parties
nor any correspondent, participant or assignee of the L/C Issuer shall be liable to any Loan Party for (i) any error, omission, interruption,
loss or delay in transmission or delivery of any draft, notice or other communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit or any
error in interpretation of technical terms; (ii) the due execution, effectiveness, validity or enforceability of any document or instrument
related to any Letter of Credit or Issuer Document, or (iii) for any action, neglect or omission under or in connection with any
Letter of Credit or Issuer Documents, including, without limitation, the issuance or amendment of any Letter of Credit, the failure to
issue or amend any Letter of Credit, or the honoring or dishonoring of any demand under any Letter of Credit, and such action or neglect
or omission will be binding upon the Loan Parties. The Borrower hereby assumes all risks of the acts or omissions of any beneficiary or
transferee with respect to its use of any Letter of Credit; provided, however, that this assumption is not intended to,
and shall not, preclude the Borrowers pursuing such rights and remedies as it may have against the beneficiary or transferee at
law or under any other agreement, In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, the L/C Issuer may accept documents that
appear on their face to be in order, without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the
contrary (or the L/C Issuer may refuse to accept and make payment upon such documents if such documents are not in strict compliance with
the terms of such Letter of Credit and may disregard any requirement in a Letter of Credit that notice of dishonor be given in a particular
manner and any requirement that presentation be made at a particular place or by a particular time of day), and the L/C Issuer shall not
be responsible for the validity or sufficiency of any instrument transferring or assigning or purporting to transfer or assign a Letter
of Credit or the rights or benefits thereunder or proceeds thereof, in whole or in part, which may prove to be invalid or ineffective
for any reason. The L/C Issuer shall not be responsible for the wording of any Letter of Credit (including, without limitation, any drawing
conditions or any terms or conditions that are ineffective, ambiguous, inconsistent, unduly complicated or reasonably impossible to satisfy),
notwithstanding any assistance the L/C Issuer may provide to the Borrower with drafting or recommending text for any Letter of Credit
Application or with the structuring of any transaction related to any Letter of Credit, and the Borrower hereby acknowledges and agrees
that any such assistance will not constitute legal or other advice by the L/C Issuer or any representation or warranty by the L/C Issuer
that any such wording or such Letter of Credit will be effective. Without limiting the foregoing, the L/C Issuer may, as it deems appropriate,
modify or alter and use in any Letter of Credit the terminology contained on the Letter of Credit Application for such Letter of Credit.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein contained in this clause (e), the Borrower may have a claim against the L/C Issuer, and
the L/C Issuer may be liable to the Borrower, to the extent, but only to the extent, of any direct, as opposed to punitive, consequential
or exemplary, damages suffered by the Borrower which the Borrower proves were caused by the L/C Issuers willful misconduct or gross
negligence. The L/C Issuer may send a Letter of Credit or conduct any communication to or from the beneficiary via the Society for Worldwide
Interbank Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT) message or overnight courier, or any other commercially reasonable means of
communicating with a beneficiary.

62

(f) Cash
Collateral. If, as of the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, any L/C Obligation for any reason remains outstanding, the Borrower shall,
in each case, immediately Cash Collateralize the then Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations. Sections 2.04, 2.05(c) and
8.02(c) set forth certain additional requirements to deliver Cash Collateral hereunder. For purposes of this Section 2.03,
Section 2.04, Section 2.05(c) and Section 8.02(c), Cash Collateralize means
to pledge and deposit with or deliver to the Lender, for the benefit of the Credit Parties, as collateral for the L/C Obligations, cash
or deposit account balances in an amount equal to one hundred and three (103%) of the Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations, pursuant
to documentation in form and substance satisfactory to the Lender and the L/C Issuer. The Borrower hereby grants to the Lender a security
interest in all such cash, deposit accounts and all balances therein and all proceeds of the foregoing to secure all Obligations. Such
cash collateral shall be maintained in blocked, non-interest bearing deposit accounts at Bank of America under the sole and exclusive
dominion and control of the Lender. If at any time the Lender determines that any funds held as cash collateral are subject to any right
or claim of any Person other than the Lender or that the total amount of such funds is less than the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all
L/C Obligations, the Borrower will, forthwith upon demand by the Lender, pay to the Lender, as additional funds to be deposited as cash
collateral, an amount equal to the excess of (x) such aggregate Outstanding Amount over (y) the total amount of funds, if any,
then held as cash collateral that the Lender determines to be free and clear of any such right and claim. Upon the drawing of any Letter
of Credit for which funds are on deposit as cash collateral, such funds shall be applied to reimburse the L/C Issuer and, to the extent
not so applied, shall thereafter be applied to satisfy other Obligations, as and to the extent such other Obligations shall then be due
and payable.

63

(g) Applicability
of ISP and UCP. Unless otherwise expressly agreed by the L/C Issuer and the Borrower when a Letter of Credit is issued, (i) the
rules of the ISP shall apply to each Standby Letter of Credit and (ii) the rules of the UCP shall apply to each Commercial
Letter of Credit. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the L/C Issuer shall not be responsible to the Borrower for, and the L/C Issuers
rights and remedies against the Borrower shall not be impaired by, any action or inaction of the L/C Issuer required or permitted under
any law, order, or practice that is required or permitted to be applied to any Letter of Credit or this Agreement, including the Law or
any order of a jurisdiction where the L/C Issuer or the beneficiary is located, the practice stated in
the ISP or UCP, as applicable, or in the decisions, opinions, practice statements, or official commentary of the ICC Banking Commission,
the Bankers Association for Finance and Trade - International Financial Services Association (BAFT-IFSA), or the Institute of International
Banking Law & Practice, whether or not any Letter of Credit chooses such law or practice.

(h) Letter
of Credit Fees. The Borrower shall pay to the Lender for its own account a Letter of Credit fee (the Letter of Credit Fee)
for each Letter of Credit equal to the Applicable Rate times the average daily Stated Amount under each such Letter of Credit (whether
or not such maximum amount is then in effect under such Letter of Credit). For purposes of computing the daily amount available to be
drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of the Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.06.
Letter of Credit Fees shall be (i) due and payable on the first day after the end of each March, June, September and December,
or if such day is not a Business Day, on the next succeeding Business Day, commencing with the first such date to occur after the issuance
of such Letter of Credit, on the Letter of Credit Expiration Date and thereafter on demand, and (ii) computed on a quarterly basis
in arrears. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, while any Event of Default exists, all Letter of Credit Fees shall
accrue at the Default Rate as provided in Section 2.07(b) hereof.

(i) Documentary
and Processing Charges Payable to L/C Issuer. The Borrower shall pay directly to the L/C Issuer for its own account the customary
issuance, presentation, amendment and other processing fees, and other standard costs and charges, of the L/C Issuer relating to letters
of credit as from time to time in effect. Such customary fees and standard costs and charges are due and payable on demand and are nonrefundable.

(j) Conflict
with Issuer Documents. In the event of any conflict between the terms hereof and the terms of any Issuer Document, the terms hereof
shall control.

64

2.04 Prepayments.

(a) The
Borrower may, upon irrevocable notice to the Lender, at any time or from time to time voluntarily prepay Committed Loans in whole or in
part without premium or penalty; provided that (i) such notice must be received by the Lender not later than 11:00 a.m. (A) two
(2) Business Days prior to any date of prepayment of Eurodollar RateTerm
SOFR Loans and (B) on the date of prepayment of Base Rate Loans; (ii) any prepayment of Eurodollar
RateTerm SOFR Loans shall be in a principal
amount of $1,000,000 or a whole multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof; and (iii) any prepayment of Base Rate Loans shall be in
a principal amount of $500,000 or a whole multiple of $100,000 in excess thereof or, in the case of either (ii) or (iii) above,
if less, the entire principal amount thereof then outstanding. Each such notice shall specify the date and amount of such prepayment and
the Type(s) of Loans to be prepaid and, if Eurodollar RateTerm
SOFR Loans, the Interest Period(s) of such Loans. If such notice is given by the Borrower, the Borrower shall make such
prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein. Any prepayment of a
Eurodollar RateTerm SOFR
Loan shall be accompanied by all accrued interest on the amount prepaid, together with any additional amounts required pursuant
to Section 3.05.

(b) If
for any reason the Total Outstandings at any time exceed the Loan Cap as then in effect, the Borrower shall immediately prepay the Loans
and L/C Borrowings and Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations (other than L/C Borrowings) in an aggregate amount equal to such excess;
provided, however, that the Borrower shall not be required to Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations (other than L/C Borrowings)
pursuant to this Section 2.04(b) unless after the prepayment in full of the Loans the Total Outstandings exceed the Loan
Cap as then in effect.

(c) The
Borrower shall prepay the Loans (including L/C Borrowings) and, after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default
or to the extent required by the provisions of Section 2.05(c), Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations to the extent required
pursuant to the provisions of Section 6.12 hereof.

(d) 
[Reserved].

(e) Prepayments
made pursuant to Section 2.04(b), (c) and (d) above, first, shall be applied ratably to the
L/C Borrowings, second, shall be applied ratably to the outstanding Committed Loans, third, after the occurrence and during
the continuance of an Event of Default, shall be used to Cash Collateralize the remaining L/C Obligations; and, fourth, the amount
remaining, if any, after the prepayment in full of all L/C Borrowings and Committed Loans outstanding at such time and the Cash Collateralization
of the remaining L/C Obligations (to the extent required hereunder) in full shall be deposited by the Lender in a deposit account of the
Borrower and may be utilized by the Borrower in the ordinary course of its business to the extent otherwise permitted hereunder. Upon
the drawing of any Letter of Credit that has been Cash Collateralized, the funds held as Cash Collateral shall be applied (without any
further action by or notice to or from the Borrower or any other Loan Party) to reimburse the L/C Issuer or the Lender, as applicable,
and, to the extent not so applied, shall thereafter be applied to satisfy other Obligations, as and to the extent such other Obligations
shall then be due and payable.

65

2.05 Termination or Reduction of Commitments.

(a) The
Borrower may, without penalty or premium, upon irrevocable notice to the Lender, terminate the Commitment or from time to time
permanently reduce the Commitment; provided that (i) any such notice shall be received by the Lender not later than
11:00 a.m. two (2) Business Days prior to the date of termination or reduction, (ii) any such partial reduction
shall be in an aggregate amount of $5,000,000 or any whole multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof, and
(iii) the Borrower shall not terminate or reduce the Commitment if, after giving effect thereto and to any concurrent
prepayments hereunder, the Total Outstandings would exceed the Commitment.

(b) If,
after giving effect to any reduction of the Commitment, the Letter of Credit Sublimit exceeds the amount of the Commitment, such Letter
of Credit Sublimit shall be automatically reduced by the amount of such excess.

(c) Upon
any reduction of the Commitment, the Commitment of the Lender shall be reduced by such reduction amount. If, as a result of such termination
or reduction, (i) the Outstanding Amount of L/C Obligations not fully Cash Collateralized hereunder would exceed the Letter of Credit
Sublimit, the Borrower shall contemporaneously with such reduction or termination, Cash Collateralize such excess amount, and (ii) the
Committed Loans would exceed the Commitment, the Borrower shall contemporaneously with such reduction or termination, pay the Lender an
amount equal to such excess.

2.06 Repayment of Obligations.

Except as provided in Section 9.11
with respect to the collateralization of the Other Liabilities, the Borrower shall repay to the Lender on the Termination Date all Obligations
outstanding on such date (other than contingent indemnification claims for which a claim has not been asserted) and shall cause each Letter
of Credit to be returned to the L/C Issuer undrawn or shall Cash Collateralize all L/C Obligations (to the extent not previously Cash
Collateralized as required herein).

2.07 Interest.

(a)(a) Subject
to the provisions of Section 2.07(b) below, (i) each Eurodollar
RateTerm SOFR Loan shall bear interest on
the outstanding principal amount thereof for each Interest Period at a rate per annum equal to the
Eurodollar RateTerm SOFR for such
Interest Period plus the Applicable Margin for Eurodollar RateTerm
SOFR Loans; and (ii) each Base Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the
applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin for Base Rate Loans.

66

(b)(a) (i) If
any amount payable under any Loan Document is not paid when due (without regard to any applicable grace periods), whether at stated
maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, such amount shall thereafter bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all
times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws.

(ii) If
any other Event of Default exists, then the Lender may notify the Borrower that all outstanding Obligations shall bear interest etroactively
from the date such Default arose at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate and such Obligations
shall bear interest retroactively from the date such Default arose at the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by Law.

(iii) Accrued
and unpaid interest on past due amounts (including interest on past due interest) shall be due and payable upon demand.

(c)(b) Except as provided in
Section 2.07(b)(iii), interest on each Loan shall
be due and payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date applicable thereto and at such other times as may be specified herein.
Interest hereunder shall be due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof before and after judgment, and before and after the
commencement of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law.

2.08 Fees. In addition to certain fees described in subsections
(h) and (i) of Section 2.03:

(a) Commitment
Fee. The Borrower shall pay to the Lender a commitment fee equal to the Commitment Fee Percentage multiplied by the actual
daily amount by which the Commitment exceeds the Total Outstandings during the immediately preceding Fiscal Quarter. The commitment fee
shall accrue at all times during the Availability Period, including at any time during which one or more of the conditions in Article IV
is not met, and shall be due and payable in arrears on the first day after the end of each March, June, September and December, or
if such day is not a Business Day, on the next succeeding Business Day, and on the last day of the Availability Period.

(b) Other
Fees. The Borrower shall pay to the Lender for its own account fees in the amounts and at the times specified in the Fee Letter. Such
fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever.

2.09
Computation of Interest and Fees. All computations of interest for Base Rate
Loans when the Base Rate is determined by Bank of Americas prime rate shall be made on the basis of a year of
365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and actual days elapsed. All other computations of fees and interest shall be made on the basis
of a 360-day year and actual days elapsed. Interest shall accrue on each Loan for the day on which the Loan is made, and shall not
accrue on a Loan, or any portion thereof, for the day on which the Loan or such portion is paid, provided that any Loan that
is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall, subject to Section 2.11(a), bear interest for one day. Each
determination by the Lender of an interest rate or fee hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest
error.

67

2.10 Evidence of Debt.

(a) The
Credit Extensions made by the Lender shall be evidenced by one or more accounts or records maintained by the Lender (the
Loan Account) in the ordinary course of business. In addition, the Lender may record in the Lenders
internal records, an appropriate notation evidencing the date and amount of each Loan from the Lender, each payment and prepayment
of principal of any such Loan, and each payment of interest, fees and other amounts due in connection with the Obligations due to
the Lender. The accounts or records maintained by the Lender shall be conclusive absent manifest error of the amount of the Credit
Extensions made by the Lender to the Borrower and the interest and payments thereon. Any failure to so record or any error in doing
so shall not, however, limit or otherwise affect the obligation of the Borrower hereunder to pay any amount owing with respect to
the Obligations. Upon the request of the Lender, the Borrower shall execute and deliver to the Lender a Note, which shall evidence
the Lenders Loans in addition to such accounts or records. The Lender may attach schedules to its Note and endorse thereon
the date, Type (if applicable), amount and maturity of its Loans and payments with respect thereto. Upon receipt of an affidavit and
indemnity of the Lender as to the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of the Lenders Note and upon cancellation of such
Note, the Borrower will issue, in lieu thereof, a replacement Note in favor of the Lender, in the same principal amount thereof and
otherwise of like tenor.

2.11 Payments Generally; Lenders Clawback.

(a) General.
All payments to be made by the Borrower shall be made without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff.
Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by the Borrower hereunder shall be made to the Lender, at the Lenders
Office in Dollars and in immediately available funds not later than 2:00 p.m. on the date specified herein. All payments received
by the Lender after 2:00 p.m. shall, at the option of the Lender, be deemed received on the next succeeding Business Day and any
applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue. If any payment to be made by the Borrower shall come due on a day other than a Business
Day, payment shall be made on the next following Business Day (other than with respect to payment of a EurodollarTerm
SOFR Loan), and such extension of time shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be.

(b) Funding
Source. Nothing herein shall be deemed to obligate the Lender to obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner or
to constitute a representation by the Lender that it has obtained or will obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner.

2.12 Increase in Commitments.

(a) Request
for Increase. Provided no Default or Event of Default then exists or would arise therefrom, upon notice to the Lender, the
Borrower may from time to time, request an increase in the Commitment by an amount (for all such requests) not exceeding
$25,000,000; provided that (i) any such request for an increase shall be in a minimum amount of $5,000,000, and
(ii) the Borrower may make a maximum of four (4) such requests. At the time of sending such notice, the Borrower shall
specify the time period within which the Lender is requested to respond (which shall in no event be less than ten
(10) Business Days from the date of delivery of such notice to the Lender). The Lender
shall notify the Borrower of its willingness (or that it is not willing) to increase its Commitment within the time specified
above.

68

(b) Effective
Date and Allocations. If the Commitment is increased in accordance with this Section, the Lender, in consultation with the Borrower,
shall determine the effective date (the Increase Effective Date) of such increase.

(c) Conditions
to Effectiveness of Increase. As a condition precedent to such increase, (i) the Borrower shall deliver to the Lender a certificate
of each Loan Party dated as of the Increase Effective Date signed by a Responsible Officer of such Loan Party (A) certifying and
attaching the resolutions adopted by such Loan Party approving or consenting to such increase, and (B) in the case of the Borrower,
certifying that, before and after giving effect to such increase, (1) the representations and warranties contained in Article V
and the other Loan Documents are true and correct on and as of the Increase Effective Date, except to the extent that such representations
and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they are true and correct as of such earlier date, and except that
for purposes of this Section 2.12, the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of
Section 5.05 shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to clauses (a) and (b), respectively,
of Section 6.01, and (2) no Default or Event of Default exists or would arise therefrom, (ii) the Borrower shall
have paid such fees to the Lender in respect of such increase as the Borrower and the Lender may agree; (iii) if requested by the
Lender, the Borrower shall deliver an opinion or opinions, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Lender, from counsel to
the Borrower reasonably satisfactory to the Lender and dated such date; (iv) the Borrower shall have delivered such other instruments,
documents and agreements as the Lender may reasonably have requested; and (v) no Default or Event of Default exists.

(d) Conflicting
Provisions. This Section shall supersede any provisions in Section 9.01 to the contrary.

ARTICLE III.

TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY

3.01 Taxes.

(a) Defined
Terms. For purposes of this Section 3.01, the term applicable Law includes FATCA and the term Lender
includes any L/C Issuer.

(b) Payments
Free of Taxes. Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be made
without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable Law. If any applicable Law (as determined in the
good faith discretion of the applicable Withholding Agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by
a Withholding Agent, then the applicable Withholding Agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely
pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Law and, if such Tax
is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after such
deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this
Section 3.01) the Lender receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been
made.

69

(c) Payment
of Other Taxes by the Borrower. The Borrower shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable
Law, or at the option of the Lender timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes.

(d) Indemnification
by the Loan Parties. The Loan Parties shall indemnify the Lender, within 10 days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any
Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 3.01)
payable or paid by the Lender or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to the Lender and any reasonable expenses arising
therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant
Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by the Lender shall be conclusive
absent manifest error.

(e) Evidence
of Payments. As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by the Borrower to a Governmental Authority as provided in this Section 3.01,
the Borrower shall deliver to the Lender the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing
such payment, a copy of any return required by applicable Law to report such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory
to the Lender.

(f) Status of Lenders; Tax Documentation.

(i) If
the Lender is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document, the
Lender shall deliver to the Borrower, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower, such properly completed and executed
documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of
withholding. In addition, the Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable
Law or reasonably requested by the Borrower as will enable the Borrower to determine whether or not the Lender is subject to backup withholding
or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution
and submission of such documentation shall not be required if in the Lenders reasonable judgment such completion, execution or
submission would subject the Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial
position of the Lender.

70

(ii) Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that the Borrower is a U.S. Person,

(A) If
the Lender is a U.S. Person, the Lender shall deliver to the Borrower on or prior to the date on which the Lender becomes a Lender under
this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower), executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying
that the Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax; and

(B) if
a payment made to the Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if the Lender were
to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of
the Code, as applicable), the Lender shall deliver to the Borrower at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably
requested by the Borrower such documentation prescribed by applicable Law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of
the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower as may be necessary for the Borrower to comply with their
obligations under FATCA and to determine that the Lender has complied with the Lenders obligations under FATCA or to determine
the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), FATCA shall include any amendments
made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement.

(iii) The
Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered pursuant to this Section 3.01 expires or becomes obsolete
or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower in writing of its legal inability
to do so.

(g) Treatment
of Certain Refunds. If the Lender determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any
Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by any Loan Party or with respect to which any Loan Party has paid additional amounts pursuant
to this Section 3.01, it shall pay to the Loan Party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments
made, or additional amounts paid, by a Loan Party under this Section 3.01 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund),
net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) incurred by Lender, and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant
Governmental Authority with respect to such refund), provided that the Loan Party, upon the request of the Lender, agrees to repay the
amount paid over to the Loan Party (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to
the Lender in the event the Lender is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
in this clause (h), in no event will the Lender be required to pay any amount to the Loan Party pursuant to this clause (g) the
payment of which would place the Lender in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the Lender would have been in if the Tax subject
to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments
or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This subsection shall not be construed to require the Lender to make
available its tax returns (or any other information relating to its taxes that it deems confidential) to any Loan Party or any other
Person.

71

3.02 Illegality.
If the Lender determines that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful,
for the Lender or its applicable Lending Office to make, maintain or fund Loans whose interest is determined by reference to the
Eurodollar RateSOFR or Term SOFR, or to determine
or charge interest rates based upon the Eurodollar Rate,
or any Governmental Authority has imposed material restrictions on the authorityof
theLender to purchase or sell, or to take deposits of, Dollars in the London interbank marketSOFR
or Term SOFR, then, upon notice thereof by the Lender to the Borrower, (a) any obligation of the Lender to make or continue
Eurodollar RateTerm
SOFR Loans or to convert Base Rate Loans to Eurodollar RateTerm
SOFR Loans shall be suspended, and (b) if such notice asserts the illegality of the Lender making or maintaining Base
Rate Loans the interest rate on which is determined by reference to the Eurodollar RateTerm
SOFR component of the Base Rate, the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of the Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such
illegality, be determined by the Lender without reference to the Eurodollar RateTerm
SOFR component of the Base Rate, in each case until the Lender notifies the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to
such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice, (i) the Borrower shall, upon demand from the Lender, prepay or,
if applicable, convert all Eurodollar RateTerm
SOFR Loans of the Lender to Base Rate Loans (the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of the Lender shall, if necessary
to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Lender without reference to the Eurodollar RateTerm
SOFR component of the Base Rate), either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if the Lender may lawfully continue
to maintain such Eurodollar RateTerm
SOFR Loans to such day, or immediately, if the Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such Eurodollar
RateTerm SOFR Loans and (ii) if such
notice asserts the illegality of the Lender determining or charging interest rates based upon the Eurodollar
RateSOFR, the Lender shall during the period
of such suspension compute the Base Rate applicable to the Lender without reference to the Eurodollar
RateTerm SOFR component thereof until it is
no longer illegal for the Lender to determine or charge interest rates based upon the Eurodollar RateSOFR.
Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted, together
with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05.

3.03 Inability to Determine Rates.

(a) 
Subject to Section 3.03(c), ifIf
in connection with any request for a Eurodollar RateTerm
SOFR Loan or a conversion of Base Rate Loans to Term SOFR Loansor a to or continuation
thereofof any of such
Loans, as applicable, (i) the Lender determines that (A) Dollar deposits are not being offered
to banks in the London interbank Eurodollar market for the applicable amount and Interest Period of such Eurodollar Rate Loan(which
determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that (A) noSuccessor
Rate has been determined in accordance withSection
3.03(b),and the circumstances under clause
(i) of Section 3.03(b) or the Scheduled Unavailability
Date has occurred, or (B) adequate and reasonable means do not otherwise
exist for determining the Eurodollar RateTerm
SOFR for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Eurodollar RateTerm
SOFR Loan or in connection with an existing or proposed Base Rate Loan utilizing the Eurodollar
Rate Component (in each case with respect to this clause (i),Impacted Loans), or (ii) the Lender
determines that for any reason the Eurodollar Ratethat
Term SOFR for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Eurodollar Rate
Loan does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to the Lender of funding such Eurodollar Rate
Loan, the Lender will promptly so notify the Borrower. Thereafter, (x) the obligation of the Lender to make or maintain EurodollarTerm
SOFR Loans or to convert Base Rate Loans to Term SOFR Loans
shall be suspended, (to the extent of the affected Eurodollar
RateTerm SOFR Loans or Interest Periods), and
(y) in the event of a determination described in the preceding sentence with respect to the Eurodollar
RateTerm SOFR component of the Base Rate, the
utilization of the Eurodollar RateTerm
SOFR component in determining the Base Rate shall be suspended, in each case until the Lender revokes such notice. Upon receipt
of such notice, (i) the Borrower may revoke any pending request
for a Borrowing of, or conversion to or continuation of Eurodollar
RateTerm SOFR Loans (to the extent of the affected
Eurodollar RateTerm SOFR
Loans or Interest Periods) or, failing that, will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for a Borrowing of
Base Rate Loans in the amount specified therein and (ii) any outstanding
Term SOFR Loans shall be deemed to have
been converted to Base Rate Loans immediately at the end of their respective applicable Interest Period.

72

(b)Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if the Lender has made the determination described inclause
(i)of Section3.03(a),
the Lender, in consultation with the Borrower, may establish an alternative interest rate for the Impacted Loans, in which case, such
alternative rate of interest shall applywith
respect to theImpacted Loans until (i)the
Lender revokes the notice delivered with respect to the Impacted Loans under clause (i)of
the first sentence of Section3.03(a),
(ii)the Lender notifies the Borrower that such alternative interest
rate does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to the Lender of funding the Impacted Loans, or (iii)the
Lender determines that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for the Lender
or its applicable Lending Office to make, maintain or fund Loans whose interest is determined by reference to such alternative rate of
interest or to determine or charge interest rates based upon such rateor anyGovernmental Authority has imposed material restrictions on the authority of the Lender to do any of the foregoing and provides the Lender and the Borrower written notice thereof.

(b) (c) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Documents, if the Lender determines (which determination shall be conclusive
absent manifest error), or the Borrower notifies the Lender that the Borrower has determined, that:

(i) adequate
and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining LIBOR for
any Interest Period hereunder or any other tenors of LIBORone
month, three month and six month interest periods of Term SOFR, including, without limitation, because the LIBORTerm
SOFR Screen Rate is not available or published on a current basis and such circumstances are unlikely to be temporary;
or

73

(ii) theCME
or any successor administrator of the LIBORTerm
SOFR Screen Rate or a Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Lender or such administrator with
respect to its publication of Term SOFR, in each case acting in such capacity, has made a public statement identifying a specific
date after which LIBORor theLIBORone
month, three month and six month interest periods of Term SOFR or the Term SOFR Screen Rate shall or
will no longer be representative or made available,
or permitted to be used for determining the interest rate
of loansU.S. dollar
denominated syndicated loans, or shall or will otherwise cease, provided that, at the time of such statement, there is no
successor administrator that is satisfactory to the Lender, that will continue to provide LIBORsuch
representative interest periods of Term SOFR after such specific date (such specific datethe
latest date on which one month, three month and six month interest periods of Term SOFRor theTerm SOFRScreen Rate are no
longer available permanently or indefinitely, the Scheduled
Unavailability Date);

(iii)the
administrator of the LIBOR Screen Rate or a Governmental
Authority having jurisdiction over such administrator has made a public statement announcing that all Interest Periods and other tenors
of LIBORare no longerrepresentative; or

(iv)syndicated
loans currently being executed, or that include language similar to that contained in this Section 3.03, are being executed or
amended (as applicable) to incorporate or adopt a new benchmark interest rate to replace LIBOR;

then, in the case ofclauses (i)-(iii) above, on a date and time determined by the Lender (any such date, the LIBORTerm
SOFR Replacement Date), which date shall be at the end of an Interest Period or on the relevant interest payment date,
as applicable, for interest calculated and shall occur reasonably promptly upon the occurrence of any
of the events or circumstances under clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) above and, solely with respect to clause (ii) above, no
later than the Scheduled Unavailability Date, LIBORTerm
SOFR will be replaced hereunder and under any Loan Document with, subject to the proviso below,
the first available alternative set forth in the order belowDaily
Simple SOFR plus the SOFR Adjustment for any payment period for interest calculated that can be determined by the Lender,
in each case, without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document
(the LIBORSuccessor
Rate; and any such rate before giving effect to the Related Adjustment, the
Pre-AdjustmentSuccessor Rate):.

(x) Term SOFR
plus the Related Adjustment; and

(y) SOFR plus theRelated Adjustment;

If
the Successor Rate is Daily Simple SOFR plus the SOFR
Adjustment, all interest payments will be payable on a monthly basis. and
in the case of clause (iv) above, the Borrower and Lender may amend this Agreement solely for the purpose of replacing LIBOR
under this Agreement and underany other Loan Documentin
accordance with the definition of LIBOR Successor Rate;

74

Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein, (i) if the Lender determines that Daily
Simple SOFR is not available on or prior to the Term
SOFRReplacement Date or
(ii) if the events or circumstances of the type described in Section 3.03(b)(i) or
(ii) have occurred with respect to the Successor Rate then in effect, then in each case,
the Lender and the Borrower may amend this Agreement solely for the purpose of replacing Term
SOFRor any then current Successor
Rate in accordance with this Section 3.03 at the end of any Interest Period, relevant interest
payment date or payment period for interest calculated, as applicable, with an
alternative benchmark rate giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention
for similar U.S. dollar denominated bilateral credit
facilities executed in
the United States for such
alternative benchmark and,
in each case, including any mathematical or other adjustments to such benchmark giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing
convention for similar U.S. dollar denominated bilateral credit
facilities executed in the United States for
such benchmark. For the
avoidance of doubt, any such proposed rate and adjustments shall constitute a Successor Rate.

providedthat, if the Lender determines that Term SOFR has become available, is administratively feasible for the Lender and would have
been identified as the Pre-Adjustment Successor Rate in accordance with the foregoing if it had been so available at the time that the
LIBOR Successor Rate then in effect was so identified, and the Lender notifies the Borrower of such availability, then from and after
the beginning of the Interest Period, relevant interest payment date or payment period for interest calculated, in each case, commencing
no less than thirty (30) days after the date of such notice, the Pre-Adjustment Successor Rate shall be Term SOFR and the LIBOR Successor
Rate shall be Term SOFR plus the relevant Related Adjustment.

The
Lender will promptly (in one or more notices) notify the Borrower of (x) any occurrence of any of
the events, periods or circumstances under clauses (i) through (iii) above, (y) a LIBOR Replacement Date and (z) the
LIBORthe implementation of any Successor Rate.

Any LIBOR
Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner consistent with market practice; provided that to the extent such market practice
is not administratively feasible for the Lender, such LIBOR Successor Rate shall be applied
in a manner as otherwise reasonably determined by the Lender.

Notwithstanding anything else
herein, if at any time any LIBOR Successor Rate as so determined would otherwise be less
than 0.250.00%,
the LIBOR Successor Rate will be deemed to be 0.250.00%
for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.

In connection with the
implementation of a LIBOR Successor Rate, the Lender will have the right to make LIBOR
Successor Rate Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any
other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such LIBOR Successor Rate Conforming
Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement; provided that, with
respect to any such amendment effected, the Lender shall postprovide each
such amendment implementing such LIBOR Successor Rate Conforming Changes to
the Borrower reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective.

75

If the events or circumstances
of the type described in 3.03(c)(i)-(iii) have occurred with respect to the LIBOR Successor Rate then in effect, then the successor
rate thereto shall be determined in accordance with the definition of LIBOR Successor Rate.

(d) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein, (i) after any such determination by the Lender
or receipt by the Lender of any such notice described under Section 3.03(c)(i)-(iii), as applicable,if
the Lender determines thatnone of the LIBOR Successor Rates isavailable
on or prior to theLIBORReplacement Date,(ii) ifthe events or circumstances described in Section 3.03(c)(iv) have
occurred but none of the LIBOR Successor Rates is available, or (iii) ifthe events or circumstances
of the type described in Section 3.03(c)(i)-(iii) have
occurred with respect to theLIBORSuccessor Rate then in effect and
the Lenderdetermines that none of the LIBOR Successor Rates is available,
then in each case, the Lender and the Borrower may amend this Agreement solely for the purpose of replacingLIBORor any then currentLIBOR SuccessorRate
in accordance with this Section 3.03 at the end of any Interest Period, relevant interest
payment date or payment period for interest calculated, as applicable, withanother
alternate benchmark rate giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for
similar U.S. dollar denominated syndicated credit facilities for
such alternativebenchmarksand, in each case, including anyRelated Adjustmentsand any
other mathematical or other adjustments to such benchmark giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention
for similar U.S. dollar denominatedsyndicatedcredit
facilities for suchbenchmarks, which adjustment or method for calculating such adjustment shall be published
on an information service as selected by the Lender from time to time in its reasonable discretion and may be periodically updated.
For the avoidance of doubt, any such proposed rate and adjustments shall constitute aLIBORSuccessor
Rate.

(e) If,
at the end of any Interest Period, relevant interest payment date or payment period for interest calculated, no LIBOR Successor
Rate has been determined in accordance withclauses (c) or (d) of this Section 3.03and the circumstances underclauses (c)(i) or (c)(iii) above
exist or the Scheduled Unavailability Date has occurred (as applicable), the Lender will promptly so notify the Borrower. Thereafter,
(x) the obligation of the Lender to make or maintain Eurodollar Rate Loans shall be suspended, (to the extent of the affected Eurodollar
Rate Loans, Interest Periods, interest payment dates or payment periods), and (y) the Eurodollar Rate component shall no
longer be utilized in determining the Base Rate, until the LIBOR Successor Rate has been determined in accordance with clauses (c) or
(d). Upon receipt of such notice, the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Eurodollar
Rate Loans (to the extent of the affected Eurodollar Rate Loans, Interest Periods, interest payment dates or payment periods) or,
failing that, will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for a Committed Borrowing of Base Rate Loans (subject to the
foregoing clause (y)) in the amount specified therein.

76

3.04 Increased Costs; Reserves on Eurodollar
RateTerm SOFR Loans.

(a) Increased Costs Generally. If any Change in Law shall:

(i) impose,
modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits
with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, the Lender (except any reserve
requirement contemplated by Section 3.04(e)) or the L/C Issuer;

(ii) subject
the Lender or the L/C Issuer to any Tax with respect to this Agreement, any Letter of Credit, any participation in a Letter of
Credit or any Eurodollar RateTerm
SOFR Loan made by it (except for (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through
(d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) or Connection Income Taxes); or

(iii) impose
on the Lender or the L/C Issuer or the London interbankSOFR
market any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or Eurodollar
RateTerm SOFR Loans made by the Lender or any
Letter of Credit or participation therein;

and the result of any of the foregoing shall be
to increase the cost to the Lender of making, converting to, continuing or maintaining any Eurodollar
RateTerm SOFR Loan (or of maintaining its obligation
to make any such Loan), or to increase the cost to the Lender or the L/C Issuer of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter
of Credit (or of maintaining its obligation to participate in or to issue any Letter of Credit), or to reduce the amount of any sum received
or receivable by the Lender or the L/C Issuer hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount) then, upon request of the
Lender or the L/C Issuer, the Loan Parties will pay to the Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts
as will compensate the Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered.

(b) Capital
Requirements. If the Lender or the L/C Issuer determines that any Change in Law affecting the Lender or the L/C Issuer or the Lenders
or the L/C Issuers holding company, if any, regarding capital requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of
return on the Lenders or the L/C Issuers capital or on the capital or liquidity of the Lenders or the L/C Issuers
holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Commitments of the Lender or the Loans made by, or participations in
Letters of Credit held by, the Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by the L/C Issuer, to a level below that which the Lender or the
L/C Issuer or the Lenders or the L/C Issuers holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into
consideration the Lenders or the L/C Issuers policies and the policies of the Lenders or the L/C Issuers holding
company with respect to capital adequacy), then from time to time the Loan Parties will pay to the Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case
may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate the Lender or the L/C Issuer or the Lenders or the L/C Issuers
holding company for any such reduction suffered.

77

(c) Certificates
for Reimbursement. A certificate of the Lender or the L/C Issuer setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate the
Lender or the L/C Issuer or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in subsection (a) or (b) of this
Section and delivered to the Borrower shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Loan Parties shall pay the Lender or the
L/C Issuer, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within ten (10) days after receipt
thereof.

(d) Delay
in Requests. Failure or delay on the part of the Lender or the L/C Issuer to demand compensation pursuant to the foregoing provisions
of this Section shall not constitute a waiver of the Lenders or the L/C Issuers right to demand such compensation,
provided that the Loan Parties shall not be required to compensate the Lender or the L/C Issuer pursuant to the foregoing provisions
of this Section for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than one hundred and eighty (180) days prior to the
date that the Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs
or reductions and of the Lenders or the L/C Issuers intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the Change
in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the nine-month period referred to above shall be extended
to include the period of retroactive effect thereof).

(e)Reserves
on Eurodollar Rate Loans. The Borrower shall pay to the Lender, as long as the Lender shall be required to maintain
reserves with respect to liabilities or assets consisting of or including Eurocurrency funds or deposits (currently known as Eurocurrency
liabilities), additional interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Eurodollar Rate Loan equal to the actual costs of such
reserves allocated to such Loan by the Lender (as determined by the Lender in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive), which
shall be due and payable on each date on which interest is payable on such Loan, providedthe
Borrower shall have received at least ten (10) days prior notice (with a copy to the Lender) of such additional interest
from the Lender. If the Lender fails to give notice ten (10) days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, such additional
interest shall be due and payable ten (10) days from receipt of such notice.

3.05 Compensation
for Losses. Upon demand of the Lender from time to time, the Borrower shall promptly compensate the Lender for and hold the Lender
harmless from any loss, cost or expense incurred by it as a result of:

(a) any
continuation, Conversion, payment or prepayment of any Loan other than a Base Rate Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest
Period for such Loan (whether voluntary, mandatory, automatic, by reason of acceleration, or otherwise); or

(b)any
failure by the Borrower (for a reason other than the failure of the Lender to make a Loan) to prepay, borrow, continue or Convert any
Loan other than a Base Rate Loan on the date or in the amount notified by the Borrower;

(b) including
any loss of anticipated profits and any loss or expense arising from the liquidation or reemployment of funds obtained by it to
maintain such Loan or from fees payable to terminate the deposits from which such funds were obtained. The Borrower shall also pay
any customary administrative fees charged by the Lender in connection with the foregoing.

78

For purposes of calculating
amounts payable by the Borrower to the Lender under this Section 3.05, the Lender shall be deemed to have funded each Eurodollar
RateTerm SOFR Loan made by it at the Eurodollar
RateTerm SOFR for such Loan by a matching deposit
or other borrowing in the London interbankSOFR
market for a comparable amount and for a comparable period, whether or not such Eurodollar
RateTerm SOFR Loan was in fact so funded.

3.06 Survival.
All of the Borrowers obligations under this Article III shall survive termination of the Commitment and repayment
of all other Obligations hereunder.

ARTICLE IV.

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CLOSING AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS

4.01 Conditions
to Closing. The effectiveness of this Agreement is subject to satisfaction of the following conditions
precedent:

(a) The
Lenders receipt of the following, each of which shall be originals, telecopies or other electronic image scan transmission (e.g.,
pdf or tif via e-mail) (followed promptly by originals) unless otherwise specified, each dated the Closing
Date (or, in the case of certificates of governmental officials, a recent date before the Closing Date) and each in form and substance
satisfactory to the Lender:

(i) counterparts
of this Agreement each properly executed by a Responsible Officer of the signing Loan Party and the Lender;

(ii) a
Note executed by the Borrower in favor of the Lender, if requested by the Lender;

(iii) such
certificates of resolutions or other action, incumbency certificates and/or other certificates of Responsible Officers of each Loan Party
as the Lender may require evidencing (A) the authority of each Loan Party to enter into this Agreement and the other Loan Documents
to which such Loan Party is a party or is to become a party and (B) the identity, authority and capacity of each Responsible Officer
thereof authorized to act as a Responsible Officer in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which such Loan Party
is a party or is to become a party;

(iv) copies
of each Loan Partys Organization Documents and such other documents and certifications as the Lender may reasonably require to
evidence that each Loan Party is duly organized or formed, and that each Loan Party is validly existing, in good standing, and qualified
to engage in business in each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the conduct of its business requires
such qualification, except to the extent that failure to so qualify in such jurisdiction could not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect;

79

(v) a
favorable opinion of Alston & Bird, LLP, counsel to the Loan Parties, addressed to the Lender, as to such matters concerning
the Loan Parties and the Loan Documents as the Lender may reasonably request;

(vi) 
a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying (A) that the conditions specified in Sections 4.01
and 4.02 have been satisfied, (B) that there has been no event or circumstance since the date of the unaudited
financial statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the quarter ended July 30, 2011 that has had or could be
reasonably expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, (C) to the Solvency of the
Loan Parties as of the Closing Date after giving effect to the transactions contemplated hereby, and (D) either that
(1) no consents, licenses or approvals are required in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by such Loan
Party and the validity against such Loan Party of the Loan Documents to which it is a party, or (2) that all such consents,
licenses and approvals have been obtained and are in full force and effect;

(vii) evidence
that all insurance required to be maintained pursuant to the Loan Documents and all endorsements in favor of the Lender required under
the Loan Documents have been obtained and are in effect;

(a) a
payoff letter from the lender under the Existing Credit Agreement satisfactory in form and substance to the Lender evidencing that the
Existing Credit Agreement has been or concurrently with the Closing Date is being terminated, all obligations thereunder have been or
concurrently with the Closing Date are being paid in full;

(i) the
Security Documents and certificates evidencing any stock being pledged thereunder, together with undated stock powers executed in blank,
each duly executed by the applicable Loan Parties;

(ii) all
other Loan Documents, each duly executed by the applicable Loan Parties;

(iii) a
written report regarding the results of a commercial finance examination and quality of earnings report of the Loan Parties, which shall
be satisfactory to the Lender and shall be paid by crediting the treasury management analysis fees payable by the Borrower to the Lender
or any of its Affiliates pursuant to the Fee Letter;

(b) results
of searches or other evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Lender (in each case dated as of a date reasonably satisfactory to the Lender)
indicating the absence of Liens on the assets of the Loan Parties, except for Permitted Encumbrances and Liens for which termination
statements and releases satisfactory to the Lender are being tendered concurrently with such extension of credit or other arrangements
satisfactory to the Lender for the delivery of such termination statements and releases have been made;

80

(i) (A) all
documents and instruments, including Uniform Commercial Code financing statements, required by law or reasonably requested by the Lender
to be filed, registered or recorded to create or perfect the first priority Liens intended to be created under the Loan Documents and
all such documents and instruments shall have been so filed, registered or recorded to the satisfaction of the Lender, (B) the Credit
Card Notifications and Blocked Account Agreements required pursuant to Section 6.12 hereof shall have been obtained, and (C) control
agreements with respect to the Loan Parties securities and investment accounts have been obtained; and

(c) such
other assurances, certificates, documents, consents or opinions as the Lender reasonably may require.

(d) Availability shall be not less than $25,000,000.

(e) The
Lender shall have received a Borrowing Base Certificate dated the Closing Date, relating to the month ended on September 30, 2011,
and executed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower.

(f) The
Lender shall be reasonably satisfied that any financial statements delivered to it fairly present the business and financial condition
of the Loan Parties and that there has been no Material Adverse Effect since the date of the unaudited financial statements of the Borrower
and its Subsidiaries for the quarter ended July 30, 2011.

(g) The
Lender shall have received and be satisfied with (i) a detailed forecast for the period commencing on the Closing Date and extending
through January 31, 2013, which shall include an Availability model, Consolidated income statement, balance sheet, and statement
of cash flow, by month, each prepared in conformity with GAAP and consistent with the Loan Parties then current practices and (b) such
other information (financial or otherwise) reasonably requested by the Lender.

(h) There
shall not be pending any litigation or other proceeding, the result of which, either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(i) There
shall not have occurred any default of any Material Contract of any Loan Party.

(j) The
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby shall not violate any Law or any Organization Document.

(k) All
fees required to be paid to the Lender on or before the Closing Date shall have been paid in full.

81

(l) The
Borrower shall have paid all fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Lender to the extent invoiced prior to or on the Closing
Date, plus such additional amounts of such fees, charges and disbursements as shall constitute its reasonable estimate of such fees, charges
and disbursements incurred or to be incurred by it through the Closing Date (provided that such estimate shall not thereafter preclude
a final settling of accounts between the Borrower and the Lender).

(m) The
Lender shall have received all documentation and other information required by Governmental Authorities under applicable know your
customer and anti-money laundering Laws, including without limitation the USA PATRIOT Act.

(n) No
material changes in governmental regulations or policies affecting any Loan Party or any Credit Party shall have occurred prior to the
Closing Date.

(o) The
Closing Date shall have occurred on or before October 28, 2011. The Lender shall notify the Borrower of the Closing Date, and such
notice shall be conclusive and binding on the Loan Parties

4.02 Conditions
to all Credit Extensions. The obligation of the Lender to honor any Request for Credit Extension (other than a Committed Loan Notice
requesting only a Conversion of Committed Loans to the other Type, or a continuation of Eurodollar RateTerm
SOFR Loans) and of each L/C Issuer to issue each Letter of Credit is subject to the following conditions precedent:

(a) The
representations and warranties of each Loan Party contained in Article V or in any other Loan Document, or which are contained
in any document furnished at any time under or in connection herewith or therewith, shall be true and correct on and as of the date of
such Credit Extension, except (i) to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in
which case they shall be true and correct as of such earlier date and (ii) for purposes of this Section 4.02, the representations
and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 5.05 shall be deemed to refer to the
most recent statements furnished pursuant to clauses (a) and (b), respectively, of Section 6.01.

(b) No
Default or Event of Default shall exist, or would result from such proposed Credit Extension or from the application of the proceeds thereof.

(c) The
Lender and, if applicable, the L/C Issuer shall have received a Request for Credit Extension in accordance with the requirements hereof.

(d) No
event or circumstance which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect shall have occurred.

(e) After
giving effect to the Credit Extension requested to be made on any such date and the use of proceeds thereof, Availability shall be greater
than zero.

Each Request for Credit Extension (other
than a Committed Loan Notice requesting only a Conversion of Committed Loans to the other Type or a continuation of Eurodollar
RateTerm SOFR Loans)
submitted by the Borrower shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by the Borrower that the conditions specified in Sections
4.02(a), (b), (d) and (e) have been satisfied on and as of the date of the applicable Credit
Extension.

82

ARTICLE V.

REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES

To induce the Credit Parties
to enter into this Agreement and to make Loans and to issue Letters of Credit hereunder, each Loan Party represents and warrants to the
Lender and the other Credit Parties that:

5.01 Existence,
Qualification and Power. Each Loan Party and each Restricted Subsidiary thereof (a) is a corporation, limited liability
company, partnership or limited partnership, duly incorporated, organized or formed, validly existing and, where applicable, in good
standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, organization or formation, (b) has all requisite power and
authority and all requisite governmental licenses, permits, authorizations, consents and approvals to (i) own or lease its
assets and carry on its business and (ii) execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is
a party, and (c) is duly qualified and is licensed and, where applicable, in good standing under the Laws of each jurisdiction
where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the conduct of its business requires such qualification or license; except
in each case referred to in clauses (b)(i) or (c), to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect. Schedule 5.01 to the Disclosure Schedule sets forth, as of the ThirdFourth Amendment Effective Date, each Loan Partys name as it appears in official filings in its state of incorporation or
organization, organization type, organization number, if any, issued by its state of incorporation or organization, and its federal
employer identification number.

5.02 Authorization;
No Contravention. The execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party of each Loan Document to which such Person is or is to
be a party, has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action, and does not and will not (a) contravene
the terms of any of such Persons Organization Documents; (b) conflict with or result in any breach, termination, or contravention
of, or constitute a default under, or require any payment to be made under (i) any Material Contract or any Material Indebtedness
to which such Person is a party or affecting such Person or the properties of such Person or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or (ii) any
order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority or any arbitral award to which such Person or its property is subject;
(c) result in or require the creation of any Lien upon any asset of any Loan Party (other than Liens in favor of the Lender under
the Security Documents); or (d) violate any Law.

5.03 Governmental
Authorization; Other Consents. No approval, consent, exemption, authorization, or other action by, or notice to, or filing with,
any Governmental Authority or any other Person is necessary or required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by,
or enforcement against, any Loan Party of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except for (a) the perfection or maintenance
of the Liens created under the Security Documents (including the first priority nature thereof) or (b) such as have been obtained
or made and are in full force and effect.

83

5.04 Binding
Effect. This Agreement has been, and each other Loan Document, when delivered, will have been, duly executed and delivered by each
Loan Party that is party thereto. This Agreement constitutes, and each other Loan Document when so delivered will constitute, a legal,
valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable against each Loan Party that is party thereto in accordance with its terms,
subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and
subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law.

5.05 Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect.

(a) The
Audited Financial Statements (i) were prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby,
except as otherwise expressly noted therein; and (ii) fairly present the financial condition of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries
on a Consolidated basis as of the date thereof and their results of operations for the period covered thereby in accordance with GAAP
consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein.

(b) The
unaudited Consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries dated May 2, 2015, and the related Consolidated
statements of income or operations, Shareholders Equity and cash flows for the Fiscal Quarter ended on that date (i) were
prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein,
and (ii) fairly present the financial condition of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a Consolidated basis as of the
date thereof and their results of operations for the period covered thereby, subject, in the case of clauses (i) and (ii), to the
absence of footnotes and to normal year-end audit adjustments.

(c) Since
the date of the unaudited financial statements of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries for the quarter ended May 2, 2015,
there has been no event or circumstance, either individually or in the aggregate, that has had or could reasonably be expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect.

(d) The
Consolidated forecasted balance sheet and statements of income and cash flows of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries delivered
pursuant to Section 6.01(d) were prepared in good faith on the basis of the assumptions stated therein, which assumptions
were fair in light of the conditions existing at the time of delivery of such forecasts, and represented, at the time of delivery, the
Loan Parties best estimate of its future financial performance.

5.06 Litigation. There
are no actions, suits, proceedings, claims or disputes pending or, to the knowledge of the Loan Parties after due and diligent
investigation, threatened or contemplated, at law, in equity, in arbitration or before any Governmental Authority, by or against any
Loan Party or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or against any of its properties or revenues that (a) purport to affect or
pertain to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or any of the transactions contemplated hereby, or (b) either
individually or in the aggregate, if determined adversely, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

84

5.07 No
Default. No Loan Party or any Subsidiary is in default under or with respect to any Material Contract or any Material Indebtedness.
No Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from the consummation of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement or any other Loan Document.

5.08 Ownership of Property; Liens.

(a) Each
of the Loan Parties and each Restricted Subsidiary thereof has good record and marketable title in fee simple to or valid leasehold interests
in, all Real Estate necessary or used in the ordinary conduct of its business. Each of the Loan Parties and each Restricted Subsidiary
has good and marketable title to, valid leasehold interests in, or valid licenses to use all personal property and assets material to
the ordinary conduct of its business.

(b) Schedule
5.08(b)(1) to the Disclosure Schedule sets forth the address (including street address, county and state) of all Real Estate (excluding
Leases) that is owned by the Loan Parties and each of their Restricted Subsidiaries, together with a list of the holders of any mortgage
or other Lien thereon as of the ThirdFourth Amendment Effective Date. Each Loan Party and each of its Restricted Subsidiaries has good, marketable and insurable fee simple
title to the Real Estate owned by such Loan Party or such Restricted Subsidiary, free and clear of all Liens, other than Permitted Encumbrances.
Schedule 5.08(b)(2) to the Disclosure Schedule sets forth the address (including street address, county and state) of all Leases
of the Loan Parties, together with the name of each lessor and its contact information with respect to each such Lease as of the ThirdFourth Amendment Effective Date. Each of such Leases is in full force and effect and the Loan Parties are not in default of the terms
thereof.

(c) Schedule
7.01 to the Disclosure Schedule sets forth a complete and accurate list of all Liens on the property or assets of each Loan Party and
each of its Restricted Subsidiaries, showing as of the ThirdFourth Amendment Effective Date the lienholder thereof, the principal amount of the obligations secured thereby and the property or
assets of such Loan Party or such Restricted Subsidiary subject thereto. The property of each Loan Party and each of its Restricted Subsidiaries
is subject to no Liens, other than Permitted Encumbrances.

(d) Schedule
7.02 to the Disclosure Schedule sets forth a complete and accurate list of all Investments held by any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary
of a Loan Party on the ThirdFourth Amendment Effective Date, showing as of the ThirdFourth Amendment Effective Date the amount, obligor or issuer and maturity, if any, thereof.

(e) Schedule
7.03 to the Disclosure Schedule sets forth a complete and accurate list of all Indebtedness of each Loan Party or any Restricted
Subsidiary of a Loan Party on the ThirdFourth Amendment
Effective Date, showing as of the ThirdFourth Amendment
Effective Date the amount, obligor or issuer and maturity thereof.

85

5.09 Environmental Compliance.

(a) No
Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary thereof (i) has failed to comply with any Environmental Law or to obtain, maintain or comply
with any permit, license or other approval required under any Environmental Law, (ii) has become subject to any Environmental Liability,
(iii) has received notice of any claim with respect to any Environmental Liability or (iv) knows of any basis for any Environmental
Liability, except, in each case, as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(b) None
of the properties currently or, to the best knowledge of each Loan Party and each Restricted Subsidiary, formerly owned, leased or operated
by any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary thereof is listed or proposed for listing on the NPL or on SEMS or any analogous foreign,
state or local list; to the best of the knowledge of the Loan Parties, there are no and never have been any underground or above-ground
storage tanks or any surface impoundments, septic tanks, pits, sumps or lagoons in which Hazardous Materials are being or have been treated,
stored or disposed on any property currently owned or operated by any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary thereof; there is no asbestos
or asbestos-containing material on any property currently owned or operated by any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary thereof.

(c) No
Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary thereof is undertaking, either individually or together with other potentially responsible parties,
any investigation or assessment or remedial or response action relating to any actual or threatened Release of Hazardous Materials at,
on, under or from any site, location or operation, either voluntarily or pursuant to the order of any Governmental Authority or the requirements
of any Environmental Law; and to the best knowledge of the Loan Parties, all Hazardous Materials generated, used, treated, handled or
stored at, or transported to or from, any property currently or formerly owned, leased or operated by any Loan Party or any Restricted
Subsidiary thereof have been disposed of in a manner not reasonably expected to result in material liability to any Loan Party or any
Restricted Subsidiary thereof.

(d) Except,
in each case, as could not individually or in the aggregate reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, the Loan Parties
and their respective Restricted Subsidiaries: (A) are, and within the period of all applicable statutes of limitation have been,
in compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws; (B) hold all Environmental Permits (each of which is in full force and effect)
required for any of their current or intended operations or for any property owned, leased, or otherwise operated by any of them; and
(C) are, and within the period of all applicable statutes of limitation have been, in compliance with all of their Environmental
Permits.

86

5.10 Insurance. The
properties of the Loan Parties and their Restricted Subsidiaries are insured with financially sound and reputable insurance
companies which are not Affiliates of the Loan Parties, in such amounts, with such deductibles and covering such risks (including,
without limitation, workmens compensation, public liability, business interruption, property damage and directors and
officers liability insurance) as are customarily carried by companies engaged in similar businesses and owning similar properties in
localities where the Loan Parties or the applicable Restricted Subsidiary operates. Schedule 5.10 to the Disclosure Schedule sets
forth a description of all insurance maintained by or on behalf of the Loan Parties and their Restricted Subsidiaries as of the ThirdFourth
Amendment Effective Date. As of the ThirdFourth Amendment
Effective Date, each insurance policy listed on Schedule 5.10 to the Disclosure Schedule is in full force and effect and all
premiums in respect thereof that are due and payable have been paid.

5.11 Taxes.
The Loan Parties and their Restricted Subsidiaries have filed all federal, state and other tax returns and reports required to be
filed, and have paid all federal, state and other taxes, assessments, fees and other governmental charges levied or imposed upon them
or their properties, income or assets otherwise due and payable, except (a) those which are being contested in good faith by appropriate
proceedings being diligently conducted, for which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP or (b) to the extent
that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

5.12 ERISA Compliance.

(a) Each
Plan is in compliance in all material respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and other Federal or state laws. Each
Pension Plan that is intended to be a qualified plan under Section 401(a) of the Code has received a favorable determination
letter from the Internal Revenue Service to the effect that the form of such Plan is qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code
and the trust related thereto has been determined by the Internal Revenue Service to be exempt from federal income tax under Section 501(a) of
the Code, or an application for such a letter is currently being processed by the Internal Revenue Service. To the best knowledge of the
Borrower, nothing has occurred that would prevent or cause the loss of such tax-qualified status.

(b) There
are no pending or, to the best knowledge of the Borrower, threatened claims, actions or lawsuits, or action by any Governmental Authority,
with respect to any Plan that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. There has been no prohibited transaction
or violation of the fiduciary responsibility rules with respect to any Plan that has resulted or could reasonably be expected to
result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(c) (i) No
ERISA Event has occurred, and neither the Borrower nor any ERISA Affiliate is aware of any fact, event or circumstance that could
reasonably be expected to constitute or result in an ERISA Event with respect to any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan;
(ii) as of the most recent valuation date for any Pension Plan, the funding target attainment percentage (as defined in
Section 430(d)(2) of the Code) is 60% or higher and neither the Borrower nor any ERISA Affiliate knows of any facts or
circumstances that could reasonably be expected to cause the funding target attainment percentage for any such plan to drop below
60% as of the most recent valuation date; (iii) neither the Borrower nor any ERISA Affiliate has incurred any liability to the
PBGC other than for the payment of premiums, and there are no premium payments which have become due that are unpaid;
(iv) neither the Borrower nor any ERISA Affiliate has engaged in a transaction that could be subject to Section 4069 or
Section 4212(c) of ERISA; and (v) no Pension Plan has been terminated by the plan administrator thereof nor by the
PBGC, and no event or circumstance has occurred or exists that could reasonably be expected to cause the PBGC to institute
proceedings under Title IV of ERISA to terminate any Pension Plan.

87

(d) Neither
the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate maintains or contributes to, or has any unsatisfied obligation to contribute to, or liability under,
any active or terminated Pension Plan other than Pension Plans not otherwise prohibited by this Agreement.

(e) The
Borrower represents and warrants as of the Second Amendment Effective Date that the Borrower is not and will not be using plan
assets (within the meaning of 29 CFR 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, or otherwise) of one or more
Benefit Plans in connection with the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments.

5.13 Subsidiaries;
Equity Interests. As of the ThirdFourth
Amendment Effective Date, the Loan Parties have no Subsidiaries other than those specifically disclosed in Part (a) of
Schedule 5.13 to the Disclosure Schedule, which sets forth the legal name, jurisdiction of incorporation or formation and authorized Equity
Interests of each such Subsidiary. All of the outstanding Equity Interests in such Subsidiaries have been validly issued, are fully paid
and non-assessable and are owned by a Loan Party (or a Subsidiary of a Loan Party) in the amounts specified on Part (a) of Schedule
5.13 free and clear of all Liens except for those created under the Security Documents. Except as set forth in Schedule 5.13, there are
no outstanding rights to purchase any Equity Interests in any Restricted Subsidiary. As of the ThirdFourth
Amendment Effective Date, the Loan Parties have no equity investments in any other corporation or entity other than those specifically
disclosed in Part (b) of Schedule 5.13. All of the outstanding Equity Interests of the Restricted Subsidiaries of the Borrower
have been validly issued, and are fully paid and non-assessable and are owned in the amounts specified on Part (c) of Schedule
5.13 free and clear of all Liens except for those created under the Security Documents. The copies of the Organization Documents of each
Loan Party and each amendment thereto provided pursuant to Section 4.01 are true and correct copies of each such document,
each of which is valid and in full force and effect.

5.14 Margin Regulations; Investment Company Act.

(a) (a) 
No Loan Party is engaged or will be engaged, principally or as one of its important activities, in the business of purchasing or
carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U issued by the FRB), or extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or
carrying margin stock. None of the proceeds of the Credit Extensions shall be used directly or indirectly for the purpose of
purchasing or carrying any margin stock, for the purpose of reducing or retiring any Indebtedness that was originally incurred to
purchase or carry any margin stock or for any other purpose that might cause any of the Credit Extensions to be considered a
purpose credit within the meaning of Regulations T, U, or X issued by the FRB.

88

(b) None
of the Loan Parties, any Person Controlling any Loan Party, or any Restricted Subsidiary is or is required to be registered as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act of 1940.

5.15 Disclosure.
Each Loan Party has disclosed to the Lender all agreements, instruments and corporate or other restrictions to which it or any of
its Restricted Subsidiaries is subject, and all other matters known to it, that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. No report, financial statement, certificate or other information furnished (whether in
writing or orally) by or on behalf of any Loan Party to the Lender in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and the negotiation
of this Agreement or delivered hereunder or under any other Loan Document (in each case, as modified or supplemented by other information
so furnished) contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein,
in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided that, with respect to projected financial
information, the Loan Parties represent only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable
at the time.

5.16 Compliance
with Laws. Each of the Loan Parties and each Restricted Subsidiary is in compliance in all material respects with the requirements
of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its properties, except in such instances in which (a) such
requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted
or (b) the failure to comply therewith, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect.

5.17 Intellectual
Property; Licenses, Etc. The Loan Parties and their Restricted Subsidiaries own, or possess the right to use, all of the Intellectual
Property, licenses, permits and other authorizations that are reasonably necessary for the operation of their respective businesses, without
conflict with the rights of any other Person. To the best knowledge of the Borrower, no slogan or other advertising device, product, process,
method, substance, part or other material now employed, or now contemplated to be employed, by any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary
infringes upon any rights held by any other Person. No claim or litigation regarding any of the foregoing is pending or, to the best knowledge
of the Borrower, threatened, which, either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

5.18 
Labor Matters. Except as set forth on Schedule 5.18 to the Disclosure Schedule, (a) there are no strikes, lockouts,
slowdowns or other material labor disputes against any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary thereof pending or, to the knowledge
of any Loan Party, threatened; (b) the hours worked by and payments made to employees of the Loan Parties comply with the Fair
Labor Standards Act and any other applicable federal, state, local or foreign Law dealing with such matters.; (c) no Loan
Party or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries has incurred any liability or obligation under the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Act
or similar state Law; (d) all payments due from any Loan Party and its Restricted Subsidiaries, or for which any claim may be
made against any Loan Party or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, on account of wages and employee health and welfare insurance and
other benefits, have been paid or properly accrued in accordance with GAAP as a liability on the books of such Loan Party;
(e) no Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary is a party to or bound by any collective bargaining agreement, management
agreement, employment agreement, bonus, restricted stock, stock option, or stock appreciation plan or agreement or any similar plan,
agreement or arrangement; (f) there are no representation proceedings pending or, to any Loan Partys knowledge,
threatened to be filed with the National Labor Relations Board, and no labor organization or group of employees of any Loan Party or
any Restricted Subsidiary has made a pending demand for recognition; (g) there are no complaints, unfair labor practice
charges, grievances, arbitrations, unfair employment practices charges or any other claims or complaints against any Loan Party or
any Restricted Subsidiary pending or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, threatened to be filed with any Governmental Authority or
arbitrator based on, arising out of, in connection with, or otherwise relating to the employment or termination of employment of any
employee of any Loan Party or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries; and (h) the consummation of the transactions contemplated by
the Loan Documents will not give rise to any right of termination or right of renegotiation on the part of any union under any
collective bargaining agreement to which any Loan Party or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries is bound.

89

5.19 Security Documents.

The Security Agreement creates
in favor of the Lender, for the benefit of the Secured Parties referred to therein, a legal, valid, continuing and enforceable security
interest in the Collateral (as defined in the Security Agreement), the enforceability of which is subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless
of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. The financing statements, releases and other filings are in appropriate form
and have been or will be filed in the offices specified in Schedule II of the Security Agreement. Upon such filings and/or the obtaining
of control (as defined in the UCC), the Lender will have a perfected Lien on, and security interest in, to and under all
right, title and interest of the grantors thereunder in all Collateral that may be perfected under the UCC (in effect on the date this
representation is made) by filing, recording or registering a financing statement or analogous document (including without limitation
the proceeds of such Collateral subject to the limitations relating to such proceeds in the UCC) or by obtaining control, in each case
prior and superior in right to any other Person.

5.20 Solvency.

After giving effect to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and before and after giving effect to each Credit Extension, the Loan Parties, on a Consolidated
basis, are Solvent. No transfer of property has been or will be made by any Loan Party and no obligation has been or will be incurred
by any Loan Party in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the other Loan Documents with the intent to hinder,
delay, or defraud either present or future creditors of any Loan Party.

90

5.21 Deposit Accounts; Credit Card Arrangements.

(a) Schedule
5.21(a) to the Disclosure Schedule sets forth a list of all DDAs maintained by the Loan Parties as of the ThirdFourth Amendment
Effective Date, which Schedule includes, with respect to each DDA (i) the name and address of the depository; (ii) the
account number(s) maintained with such depository; (iii) a contact person at such depository, and (iv) the
identification of each Blocked Account Bank.

(b) Schedule
5.21(b) to the Disclosure Schedule sets forth a list describing all arrangements as of the ThirdFourth
Amendment Effective Date to which any Loan Party is a party with respect to the processing and/or payment to such Loan Party
of the proceeds of any credit card charges and debit card charges for sales made by such Loan Party.

5.22 Brokers.
No broker or finder brought about the obtaining, making or closing of the Loans or transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents,
and no Loan Party or Affiliate thereof has any obligation to any Person in respect of any finders or brokerage fees in connection
therewith.

5.23 Trade
Relations. There exists no actual or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, threatened, termination or cancellation of, or any material
adverse modification or change in the business relationship of any Loan Party with any supplier material to its operations.

5.24 Material
Contracts. Schedule 5.24 to the Disclosure Schedule sets forth all Material Contracts to which any Loan Party is a party or is bound
as of the ThirdFourth
Amendment Effective Date. The Loan Parties have delivered true, correct and complete copies of such Material Contracts to the Lender on
or before the ThirdFourth
Amendment Effective Date. The Loan Parties are not in breach or in default in any material respect of or under any Material
Contract and have not received any notice of the intention of any other party thereto to terminate any Material Contract.

5.25 Casualty.
Neither the businesses nor the properties of any Loan Party or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries are affected by any fire, explosion,
accident, strike, lockout or other labor dispute, drought, storm, hail, earthquake, embargo, act of God or of the public enemy or other
casualty (whether or not covered by insurance) that, either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect.

5.26 OFAC.
No Loan Party, nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge of any Loan Party or any of its Restricted
Subsidiaries, any director, officer, or employee thereof, is an individual or entity that is (a) currently the subject or
target of any Sanctions, (b) included on OFACs List of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons or
HMTs Consolidated List of Financial Sanctions Targets, or any similar list enforced by any other relevant Sanctions
authority, (c) located, organized or resident in a Designated Jurisdiction, or (d) owned or controlled by one or more
individual(s) or entity(ies) described under clauses (a) or (b) such that the individual or entity is subject to
the same restrictions as such individual(s) or entity(ies) described under clauses (a) or (b). The Loan Parties and
their Restricted Subsidiaries have conducted their businesses in compliance in all material respects with all applicable Sanctions
and have instituted and maintain policies and procedures reasonably designed to promote and achieve compliance with such applicable
Sanctions.

91

5.27 Anti-Corruption
Laws. The Loan Parties and their Restricted Subsidiaries have conducted their businesses in compliance in all material respects
with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, and other applicable anti-corruption Laws in other jurisdictions (Anti-Corruption
Laws) and have instituted and maintain policies and procedures reasonably designed to promote and achieve compliance with such
Anti-Corruption Laws.

5.28 Beneficial
Ownership Certificate. As of the Second Amendment Effective Date, the information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification,
if applicable, is true and correct in all respects.

5.29 Covered Entities. No Loan Party is a Covered Entity.

5.30 EEA Financial Institution. No Loan Party is an EEA Financial Institution.

ARTICLE VI.

AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS

So long as the Lender shall
have any Commitment hereunder, any Loan or other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied (other than contingent indemnification
claims for which a claim has not been asserted), or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding, the Loan Parties shall, and shall (except
in the case of the covenants set forth in Sections 6.01, 6.02, and 6.03) cause each Restricted Subsidiary to:

6.01 Financial
Statements. Deliver to the Lender, in form and detail satisfactory to the Lender:

(a) as
soon as available, but in any event within ninety (90) days after the end of each Fiscal Year of the Borrower, a Consolidated balance
sheet of the Borrower (commencing with the Fiscal Year ending January 28, 2012) and
its Restricted Subsidiaries as at the end of such Fiscal Year, and the related Consolidated statements of income or operations, Shareholders
Equity and cash flows for such Fiscal Year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous Fiscal Year, all
in reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP, such consolidated statements to be audited and accompanied by a report and
unqualified opinion of a Registered Public Accounting Firm of nationally recognized standing reasonably acceptable to the Lender, which
report and opinion shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and shall not be subject to any going
concern or like qualification or exception or any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit;

(b) as
soon as available, but in any event within forty-five (45) days after the end of each of the Fiscal Quarters of each Fiscal Year of
the Borrower (commencing with the Fiscal Quarter ended October 29, 2011), a
Consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries as at the end of such Fiscal Quarter, and the related
Consolidated statement of income or operations for such Fiscal Quarter and for the portion of the Borrowers Fiscal
Year then ended, and the related statement of cash flows for the portion of the Borrowers Fiscal Year then ended, setting
forth in each case, as applicable, in comparative form the figures for (A) such period set forth in the projections delivered
pursuant to Section 6.01(d) hereof, (B) the corresponding Fiscal Quarter of the previous Fiscal Year and
(C) the corresponding portion of the previous Fiscal Year, all in reasonable detail, such consolidated statements to be
certified by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower as fairly presenting the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries as of the end of such Fiscal Quarter in accordance with GAAP, subject only to
normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes;

92

(c) if
Availability is less than the greater of (i) twenty percent (20%) of the Loan Cap and (ii) $11,250,000, in the case of clauses
(i) and (ii), for three (3) consecutive Business Days, as soon as available, but in any event within thirty (30) days after
the end of each of the Fiscal Months of each Fiscal Year of the Borrower, a Consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Restricted
Subsidiaries as at the end of such Fiscal Month, and the related Consolidated statement of income or operations for such Fiscal Month,
and for the portion of the Borrowers Fiscal Year then ended and the related statement of cash flows for the portion of the Borrowers
Fiscal Year then ended, setting forth in each case, as applicable, in comparative form the figures for (A) such period set forth
in the projections delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(d) hereof, (B) the corresponding Fiscal Month of the previous
Fiscal Year and (C) the corresponding portion of the previous Fiscal Year, all in reasonable detail, such Consolidated statements
to be certified by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower as fairly presenting the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries as of the end of such Fiscal Month in accordance with GAAP, subject only to normal
year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes;

(d) as
soon as available, but in any event at least thirty (30) days before the end of each Fiscal Year of the Borrower, forecasts prepared by
management of the Borrower, in form satisfactory to the Lender, of Availability and the Consolidated balance sheets and statements of
income or operations and cash flows of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a monthly basis for the immediately following Fiscal
Year (including the Fiscal Year in which the Maturity Date occurs), and as soon as available, any significant revisions to such forecast
with respect to such Fiscal Year.

6.02 Certificates;
Other Information. Deliver to the Lender, in form and detail satisfactory to the Lender:

(a) concurrently
with the delivery of the financial statements referred to in Sections 6.01(a) and (b) and (c) (commencing
with the delivery of the financial statements for
the Fiscal Quarter ended October 29, 2011, or at any time that the Borrower is obligated to
deliver monthly financial statementspursuant to Section 6.01(c),
with each monthly financial statement), (i) a
duly completed Compliance Certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower (which
shall include a calculation of the Consolidated
Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio for the Measurement
Period most recently ended
whether or not required to be tested pursuant to Section 7.15),
and in the event of any change in generally accepted accounting
principles used in the preparation of such financial statements, the Borrower shall also provide a statement of reconciliation
conforming such financial statements to GAAP and (ii) with respect to the delivery of the financial statements referred to in Sections
6.01(a) and (b), a copy of managements discussion and analysis with respect to such financial
statements;

93

(b) (i) if
there are no outstanding Committed Borrowings or other amounts payable by the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries on account of any
Loans made to the Borrower and the L/C Obligations do not exceed $5,000,000, on the fifteenth (15th)
day of each Fiscal Quarter (or, if such day is not a Business Day, on the next succeeding Business Day), a certificate in the form of
Exhibit E (a Borrowing Base Certificate) showing the Borrowing Base as of the close of business as of
the last day of the immediately preceding Fiscal Quarter, each Borrowing Base Certificate to be certified as complete and correct by a
Responsible Officer of the Borrower; (ii) if the conditions of clause (b)(i) are not satisfied, such Borrowing Base Certificate
shall be delivered on the fifteenth (15th) day of each Fiscal Month (or, if such day is not a Business
Day, on the next succeeding Business Day) showing the Borrowing Base as of the close of business as of the last day of the immediately
preceding Fiscal Month; and (iii) at any time that an Accelerated Borrowing Base Delivery Event has occurred and is continuing, such
Borrowing Base Certificate shall be delivered on a Wednesday of each week (or, if Wednesday is not a Business Day, on the next succeeding
Business Day), as of the close of business on the immediately preceding Saturday;

(c) [Reservedreserved];

(d) promptly
after the same are available, copies of each annual report, proxy or financial statement or other report or communication sent to the
stockholders of the Loan Parties, and copies of all annual, regular, periodic and special reports and registration statements which any
Loan Party may file or be required to file with the SEC under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or
with any national securities exchange;

(e) the
financial and collateral reports described on Schedule 6.02 hereto, at the times set forth in such Schedule;

(f) [reserved];

(g) as
soon as available, but in any event within thirty (30) days after the end of each Fiscal Year of the Loan Parties, a report summarizing
the insurance coverage (specifying type, amount and carrier) in effect for each Loan Party and its Restricted Subsidiaries and containing
such additional information as the Lender may reasonably specify;

(h) promptly
after the Lenders request therefor, copies of all Material Contracts and documents evidencing Material Indebtedness;

94

(i) promptly,
and in any event within five (5) Business Days after receipt thereof by any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary thereof,
copies of each notice or other correspondence received from any Governmental Authority (including, without limitation, the SEC (or
comparable agency in any applicable non-U.S. jurisdiction)) concerning any proceeding with, or investigation or possible
investigation or other inquiry by such Governmental Authority regarding financial or other operational results of any Loan Party or
any Restricted Subsidiary thereof or any other matter which, if adversely determined, could reasonably expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect;

(j) promptly,
such additional information regarding the business affairs, financial condition or operations of any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary,
or compliance with the terms of the Loan Documents, as the Lender may from time to time reasonably request. Documents required to be delivered
pursuant to Section 6.01(a), (b), Section 6.02(c) (to the extent any such documents are included in
materials otherwise filed with the SEC) may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on
the date (i) on which the Borrower posts such documents, or provides a link thereto on the Borrowers website on the Internet
at the website address listed on Schedule 9.02 hereto; or (ii) on which such documents are posted on the Borrowers behalf
on an Internet or intranet website, if any, to which the Lender has access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored
by the Lender); provided that the Borrower shall notify the Lender (by telecopier or electronic mail) of the posting of any such
documents and provide to the Lender by electronic mail electronic versions (i.e., soft copies) of such documents. The Lender shall
have no obligation to request the delivery or to maintain copies of the documents referred to above, and in any event shall have no responsibility
to monitor compliance by the Loan Parties with any such request for delivery; and

(k) promptly
following any request therefor, information and documentation reasonably requested by the Lender for purposes of compliance with
applicable know your customer and anti-money-laundering Laws, including, without limitation, the PATRIOT Act and the
Beneficial Ownership Regulation; .

6.03 Notices. Promptly notify the Lender:

(a) of the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default;

(b) of
any matter that has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect,

(c) of
any breach or non-performance of, or any default under, a Material Contract or with respect to Material Indebtedness of any Loan Party
or any Restricted Subsidiary thereof;

(d) of
any material dispute, litigation, investigation, proceeding or suspension between any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary thereof
and any Governmental Authority; or the commencement of, or any material development in, any litigation or proceeding affecting any Loan
Party or any Restricted Subsidiary thereof, including pursuant to any applicable Environmental Laws;

95

(e) of the occurrence of any ERISA Event;

(f) of
any material change in accounting policies or financial reporting practices by any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary thereof;

(g) of any change in any Loan Partys senior executive officers;

(h) of
the discharge by any Loan Party of its present Registered Public Accounting Firm or any withdrawal or resignation by such Registered Public
Accounting Firm;

(i) of
any collective bargaining agreement or other labor contract to which a Loan Party becomes a party, or the application for the certification
of a collective bargaining agent;

(j) of the filing of any Lien for unpaid Taxes against any Loan Party;

(k) of
any casualty or other insured damage to any material portion of the Collateral or the commencement of any action or proceeding for the
taking of any interest in a material portion of the Collateral under power of eminent domain or by condemnation or similar proceeding
or if any material portion of the Collateral is damaged or destroyed;

(l) of
any transaction of the nature prohibited or restricted in Article VII hereof, occurring after the Closing Date, and

(m) of
any failure by any Loan Party to pay rent at (i) any of the Loan Parties distribution centers or warehouses or (ii) any
of such Loan Partys locations if such failure continues for more than ten (10) days following the day on which such rent first
came due and such failure would be reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

Each notice pursuant to this Section shall
be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower setting forth details of the occurrence referred to therein and
stating what action the Borrower has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto.

6.04 Payment
of Obligations. Pay and discharge as the same shall become due and payable, all its obligations and liabilities, including
(a) all tax liabilities, assessments and governmental charges or levies upon it or its properties or assets, (b) all
lawful claims (including, without limitation, claims of landlords, warehousemen, customs brokers, freight forwarders, consolidators,
and carriers) which, if unpaid, would by Law become a Lien upon its property, and (c) all Material Indebtedness, as and when
due and payable, but subject to any subordination provisions contained in any instrument or agreement evidencing such Indebtedness,
except, in each case, where (a) the validity or amount thereof is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings,
(b) such Loan Party has set aside on its books adequate reserves with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP, (c) such
contest effectively suspends collection of the contested obligation and enforcement of any Lien securing such obligation,
(d) no Lien has been filed with respect thereto and (e) the failure to make payment pending such contest could not
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit the rights of the
Lender with respect to determining Reserves pursuant to this Agreement.

96

6.05 Preservation
of Existence, Etc. (a) Preserve, renew and maintain in full force and effect its legal existence and good standing under the
Laws of the jurisdiction of its organization or formation except in a transaction permitted by Section 7.04 or 7.05;
(b) take all reasonable action to maintain all rights, privileges, permits, licenses and franchises necessary in the normal conduct
of its business, except to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and (c) preserve
or renew all of its Intellectual Property, except to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect.

6.06 Maintenance
of Properties. (a) Maintain, preserve and protect all of its material properties and equipment necessary in the operation of
its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted; and (b) make all necessary repairs thereto and
renewals and replacements thereof except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

6.07 Maintenance
of Insurance. Maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies reasonably acceptable to the Lender not Affiliates
of the Loan Parties, insurance with respect to its properties and business against loss or damage of the kinds customarily insured against
by Persons engaged in the same or similar business and operating in the same or similar locations or as is required by Law, of such types
and in such amounts as are customarily carried under similar circumstances by such other Persons and as are reasonably acceptable to the
Lender.

(a) Maintain
for themselves and their Restricted Subsidiaries, a Directors and Officers insurance policy, and a Blanket Crime policy
including employee dishonesty, forgery or alteration, theft, disappearance and destruction, robbery and safe burglary, property, and computer
fraud coverage with responsible companies in such amounts as are customarily carried by business entities engaged in similar businesses
similarly situated, and upon request by the Lender furnish the Lender certificates evidencing renewal of each such policy.

(b) Cause
fire and extended coverage policies maintained with respect to any Collateral to be endorsed or otherwise amended to include (i) lenders
loss payable clause (regarding personal property), in form and substance satisfactory to the Lender, which endorsements or amendments
shall provide that the insurer shall pay all proceeds otherwise payable to the Loan Parties under the policies directly to the Lender,
(ii) a provision to the effect that none of the Loan Parties, Credit Parties or any other Person shall be a co-insurer and (iii) such
other provisions as the Lender may reasonably require from time to time to protect the interests of the Credit Parties.

(c) Cause
commercial general liability policies to be endorsed to name the Lender as an additional insured.

97

(d) Cause
business interruption policies to name the Lender as a loss payee and to be endorsed or amended to include (i) a provision that,
from and after the Closing Date, the insurer shall pay all proceeds otherwise payable to the Loan Parties under the policies directly
to the Lender, (ii) a provision to the effect that none of the Loan Parties, the Lender or any other party shall be a co-insurer
and (iii) such other provisions as the Lender may reasonably require from time to time to protect the interests of the Credit Parties.

(e) Cause
each such policy referred to in this Section 6.07 to also provide that it shall not be canceled, modified or not renewed (i) by
reason of nonpayment of premium except upon not less than ten (10) days prior written notice thereof by the insurer to the
Lender (giving the Lender the right to cure defaults in the payment of premiums) or (ii) for any other reason except upon not less
than thirty (30) days prior written notice thereof by the insurer to the Lender.

(f) Deliver
to the Lender, prior to the cancellation, modification or non-renewal of any such policy of insurance, a copy of a renewal or replacement
policy (or other evidence of renewal of a policy previously delivered to the Lender, including an insurance binder) together with evidence
satisfactory to the Lender of payment of the premium therefor.

(g) Permit
any representatives that are designated by the Lender to inspect the insurance policies maintained by or on behalf of the Loan Parties
and to inspect books and records related thereto and any properties covered thereby.

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
unless a Cash Dominion Event has occurred and is continuing the Lender shall remit to the Borrower any casualty insurance proceeds it
receives pursuant to Section 6.07(c) and (e). None of the Credit Parties, or their agents or employees shall be
liable for any loss or damage insured by the insurance policies required to be maintained under this Section 6.07. Each Loan
Party shall look solely to its insurance companies or any other parties other than the Credit Parties for the recovery of such loss or
damage and such insurance companies shall have no rights of subrogation against any Credit Party or its agents or employees. If, however,
the insurance policies do not provide waiver of subrogation rights against such parties, as required above, then the Loan Parties hereby
agree, to the extent permitted by law, to waive their right of recovery, if any, against the Credit Parties and their agents and employees.
The designation of any form, type or amount of insurance coverage by any Credit Party under this Section 6.07 shall in no
event be deemed a representation, warranty or advice by such Credit Party that such insurance is adequate for the purposes of the business
of the Loan Parties or the protection of their properties.

6.08 Compliance
with Laws. Comply in all material respects with the requirements of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees
applicable to it or to its business or property, except in such instances in which (a) such requirement of Law or order, writ,
injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and with respect to which
adequate reserves have been set aside and maintained by the Loan Parties in accordance with GAAP; (b) such contest effectively
suspends enforcement of the contested Laws, and (c) the failure to comply therewith could not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect.

98

6.09 Books and Records; Accountants.

(a) Maintain
(i) proper books of record and account, in which full, true and correct entries in conformity with GAAP consistently applied shall
be made of all financial transactions and matters involving the assets and business of the Loan Parties or such Restricted Subsidiary,
as the case may be; and (ii) such books of record and account in material conformity with all applicable requirements of any Governmental
Authority having regulatory jurisdiction over the Loan Parties or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be.

(b) At
all times retain a Registered Public Accounting Firm which is reasonably satisfactory to the Lender and instruct such Registered Public
Accounting Firm to cooperate with, and be available to, the Lender or its representatives to discuss the Loan Parties financial
performance, financial condition, operating results, controls, and such other matters, within the scope of the retention of such Registered
Public Accounting Firm, as may be raised by the Lender.

6.10 Inspection Rights.

(a) Permit
representatives and independent contractors of the Lender to visit and inspect any of its properties, to examine its corporate, financial
and operating records, and make copies thereof or abstracts therefrom, and to discuss its affairs, finances and accounts with its directors,
officers, and Registered Public Accounting Firm, all at the expense of the Loan Parties and at such reasonable times during normal business
hours and as often as may be reasonably desired, upon reasonable advance notice to the Borrower; provided, however, that when a Default
or an Event of Default exists the Lender (or any of its representatives or independent contractors) may do any of the foregoing at the
expense of the Loan Parties at any time during normal business hours and without advance notice.

(b) Upon
the request of the Lender after reasonable prior notice, permit the Lender or professionals (including investment bankers,
consultants, accountants, and lawyers) retained by the Lender to conduct commercial finance examinations, appraisals and other
evaluations, including, without limitation, of (i) the Borrowers practices in the computation of the Borrowing Base
(ii) the assets included in the Borrowing Base and related financial information such as, but not limited to, sales, gross
margins, payables, accruals and reserves, and (iii) the Loan Parties business plan, forecasts and cash flows; provided
that (A) no commercial finance examinations or appraisalsshall
berequired at any time if during the twelve month period prior to such time (x) the
Outstanding Amount of all Loans equaled $0 at all times during such period and (y) the
L/CObligations were less than $5,000,000 at all times during such period[reserved],
(B) up to one (1) commercial finance examination and one (1) appraisal in each twelve (12) month period at the
Loan Parties expense shall be required in the Lenders discretion if at any time
during the twelve month period prior to such commercial field examination (x) the
Outstanding Amount of all Loans were greater than $0 or (y) theL/CObligations
were greater than or equal to $5,000,000, (C) in the event that at any time Availability is less than the
greater of (i) twentythirty percent
(2030%)
of the Loan Cap and (ii) $11,250,00020,000,000,
in the case of each of clauses (i) and (ii), for three (3) consecutive Business Days (the Trigger
Event), then the Lender may, in its discretion, undertake up to two (2) commercial finance examinations and two
(2) appraisals in the twelve (12) month period following the Trigger Event at the Loan Parties expense, and
(D) the Lender may cause additional commercial finance examinations and appraisals to be undertaken (x) as it in its
discretion deems necessary or appropriate, at its own expense so long as such additional commercial finance examinations and
appraisals do not exceed one (1) each in any twelve (12) month period or (y) if required by Law or if an Event of
Default shall have occurred and be continuing, at the expense of the Loan Parties.

99

(c) If
the L/C Obligations exceed $5,000,000 or there are outstanding Committed Borrowings or other amounts payable by the Borrower or any Loan
Parties on account of any Loans made to the Borrower, upon the request of the Lender after reasonable prior notice, permit the Lender
or professionals (including appraisers) retained by the Lender to conduct appraisals of the Collateral, including, without limitation,
the assets included in the Borrowing Base. The Loan Parties acknowledge that if such appraisals may be undertaken pursuant to the preceding
sentence, the Lender may, in its discretion, undertake up to one (1) inventory appraisal in each twelve (12) month period at the
Loan Parties expense; provided that if the Trigger Event occurs at any time during a Fiscal Year, then the Lender may, in
its discretion, undertake up to two (2) inventory appraisals in the twelve (12) month period following the Trigger Event at the Loan
Parties expense. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Lender may cause additional appraisals to be undertaken (i) as it in its
discretion deems necessary or appropriate, at its own expense or, (ii) if required by Law or if a Default or Event of Default shall
have occurred and be continuing, at the expense of the Loan Parties.

6.11 Additional
Loan Parties. Notify the Lender at the time that any Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary (including, without limitation, upon
the formation of any Restricted Subsidiary that is a Division Successor), promptly thereafter (and in any event within fifteen (15) days),
cause any such Person that is a Restricted Subsidiary (other than any Permitted Real Estate Subsidiary) (a) to become a Loan Party
by executing and delivering to the Lender a Joinder to this Agreement or a Joinder to the Facility Guaranty or such other documents as
the Lender shall deem appropriate for such purpose, and (b) grant a Lien to the Lender on such Persons assets of the same
type that constitute Collateral to secure the Obligations, and (iii) deliver to the Lender documents of the types referred to in
clauses (iii) and (iv) of Section 4.01(a) and favorable opinions of counsel to such Person (which shall
cover, among other things, the legality, validity, binding effect and enforceability of the documentation referred to in clauses (a) and
(b)). In no event shall compliance with this Section 6.11 waive or be deemed a waiver or consent to any transaction giving
rise to the need to comply with this Section 6.11 if such transaction was not otherwise permitted by this Agreement or constitute
or be deemed to constitute, with respect to any Restricted Subsidiary, an approval of such Person as the Borrower or permit the inclusion
of any acquired assets in the computation of the Borrowing Base.

100

6.12 Cash Management.

(a) On or prior to the ClosingFourth
Amendment Effective Date:

(i) deliver
to the Lender copies of Credit Card Notifications to the Lender which have been executed on behalf of such Loan Party and delivered to
such Loan Partys credit card clearinghouses and processors listed on Schedule 5.21(b) to the Disclosure Schedule; and

(ii) enter
into a Blocked Account Agreement satisfactory in form and substance to the Lender with each Blocked Account Bank (collectively, the Blocked
Accounts).

(b) Prior
to the occurrence of a Cash Dominion Event, ACH or wire transfer no less frequently than daily (and whether or not there are then any
outstanding Obligations) to a Blocked Account all amounts on deposit in each DDA (net of any minimum balance, not to exceed $2,500, as
may be required to be kept in the subject DDA by the depository institution at which such DDA is maintained) and all payments due from
credit card processors and credit card issuers.

(c) After
the occurrence and during the continuance of a Cash Dominion Event, (i) ACH or wire transfer no less frequently than daily (and whether
or not there are then any outstanding Obligations) to a Blocked Account all amounts on deposit in each DDA (net of any minimum balance,
not to exceed $2,500, as may be required to be kept in the subject DDA by the depository institution at which such DDA is maintained)
and all payments due from credit card processors and credit card issuers and (ii) cause the ACH or wire transfer to the collection
account maintained by the Lender at Bank of America (the Collection Account), no less frequently than daily (and
whether or not there are then any outstanding Obligations), all cash receipts and collections received by each Loan Party from all sources,
including, without limitation, the following:

(i) all
available cash receipts from the sale of Inventory (including without limitation, proceeds of credit card charges) and other assets (whether
or not constituting Collateral);

(ii) all
cash received or paid to or for the account of any Person not in the ordinary course of business, including tax refunds, pension plan
reversions, indemnity payments and any purchase price adjustments;

(iii) all proceeds of collections of Accounts;

(iv) all
Net Proceeds, and all other cash payments received by a Loan Party from any Person or from any source or on account of any Disposition
or other transaction or event;

101

(v) the
then contents of each DDA (net of any minimum balance, not to exceed $2,500, as may be required to be kept in the subject DDA by the depository
institution at which such DDA is maintained); and

(vi) the
then entire ledger balance of each Blocked Account (net of any minimum balance, not to exceed $2,500, as may be required to be kept in
the subject Blocked Account by the Blocked Account Bank).

(d) The
Collection Account shall at all times during the continuance of a Cash Dominion Event be under the sole dominion and control of the Lender.
The Loan Parties hereby acknowledge and agree that (i) during the continuance of a Cash Dominion Event, the Loan Parties have no
right of withdrawal from the Collection Account, (ii) the funds on deposit in the Collection Account shall at all times be collateral
security for all of the Obligations and (iii) during the continuance of a Cash Dominion Event, the funds on deposit in the Collection
Account shall be applied to the Obligations as provided in this Agreement. In the event that, notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 6.12,
any Loan Party receives or otherwise has dominion and control of any such cash receipts or collections, such receipts and collections
shall be held in trust by such Loan Party for the Lender, shall not be commingled with any of such Loan Partys other funds or deposited
in any account of such Loan Party and shall, not later than the Business Day after receipt thereof, be deposited into the Collection Account
or dealt with in such other fashion as such Loan Party may be instructed by the Lender.

(e) Upon
the request of the Lender, cause bank statements and/or other reports to be delivered to the Lender not less often than monthly, accurately
setting forth all amounts deposited in each Blocked Account to ensure the proper transfer of funds as set forth above.

6.13 Information Regarding the Collateral.

(a) Furnish
to the Lender at least thirty (30) days prior written notice of any change in: (i) any Loan Partys name or in any trade name
used to identify it in the conduct of its business or in the ownership of its properties; (ii) the location of any Loan Partys
chief executive office, its principal place of business, any office in which it maintains books or records relating to Collateral owned
by it or any office or facility at which Collateral owned by it is located (including the establishment of any such new office or facility);
(iii) any Loan Partys organizational structure or jurisdiction of incorporation or formation; or (iv) any Loan Partys
Federal Taxpayer Identification Number or organizational identification number assigned to it by its state of organization. The Loan Parties
shall not effect or permit any change referred to in the preceding sentence unless all filings have been made under the UCC or otherwise
that are required in order for the Lender to continue at all times following such change to have a valid, legal and perfected first priority
security interest in all the Collateral for its own benefit and the benefit of the other Credit Parties.

102

(b) Annually,
concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements set forth in Section 6.01(a) or as may be reasonably
requested by the Lender, the Borrower shall supplement each Schedule to the Disclosure Schedule, with respect to any matter arising
after the ThirdFourth Amendment
Effective Date that, if existing or occurring on the ThirdFourth Amendment
Effective Date, would have been required to be set forth or described in such Schedule that is necessary to correct any information
in such Schedule which has been rendered materially inaccurate thereby (and, in the case of any supplements to any Schedule, such
Schedule shall be appropriately marked to show the changes made therein). Notwithstanding the foregoing, no supplement or revision
to any Schedule shall be deemed the Credit Parties consent to the matters reflected in such updated Schedules nor permit the
Loan Parties to undertake any actions otherwise prohibited hereunder or fail to undertake any action required hereunder from the
restrictions and requirements in existence prior to the delivery of such updated Schedules; nor shall any such supplement or
revision to any Schedule be deemed the Credit Parties waiver of any Default or Event of Default resulting from the matters
disclosed therein.

6.14 Physical
Inventories. Cause physical inventories to be undertaken at each Store, at the expense of the Loan Parties, and periodic cycle counts
at each distribution center, in each case in a commercially reasonable frequency consistent with past practices, following such methodology
as is materially consistent with the methodology used in the immediately preceding inventory or as otherwise may be commercially reasonable.
The Lender, at the expense of the Loan Parties, may participate in and/or observe each scheduled physical count of Inventory which is
undertaken on behalf of any Loan Party. The Borrower, upon the request of the Lender, shall provide the Lender with a reconciliation of
the results of such inventory (as well as of any other physical inventory or cycle counts undertaken by a Loan Party) and shall post such
results to the Loan Parties stock ledgers and general ledgers, as applicable.

6.15 Environmental Laws.

(a) Comply
in all material respects with all Environmental Laws; (b) obtain and renew all environmental permits necessary for its operations
and properties; and (c) implement any and all investigation, remediation, removal and response actions that are necessary to comply
with Environmental Laws pertaining to the presence, generation, treatment, storage, use, disposal, transportation or release of any Hazardous
Materials on, at, in, under, above, to, from or about any of its Real Estate, provided, however, that neither a Loan Party
nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries shall be required to undertake any such cleanup, removal, remedial or other action to the extent
that its obligation to do so is being contested in good faith and by proper proceedings and adequate reserves have been set aside and
are being maintained by the Loan Parties with respect to such circumstances in accordance with GAAP.

6.16 Further
Assurances. Execute any and all further documents, financing statements, agreements and instruments, and take all such further
actions (including the filing and recording of financing statements and other documents), that may be required under any Law, or
which the Lender may request, to effectuate the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents or to grant, preserve, protect or
perfect the Liens created or intended to be created by the Security Documents or the validity or priority of any such Lien, all at
the expense of the Loan Parties. The Loan Parties also agree to provide to the Lender, from time to time upon request, evidence
satisfactory to the Lender as to the perfection and priority of the Liens created or intended to be created by the Security
Documents.

103

6.17 Compliance
with Terms of Leaseholds. Except as otherwise permitted hereunder, (a) make all payments (other than payments that are disputed
in good faith or subject to reconciliation) and otherwise perform all material obligations in respect of (i) all Leases in respect
of distribution centers and (ii) all Leases (other than Leases in respect of distribution centers) to which any Loan Party or any
of its Restricted Subsidiaries is a party and where the failure to make such payments or perform such obligations would reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (b) not allow such Leases to lapse or be terminated or any rights to renew such
Leases to be forfeited or cancelled except in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practices, or, except for Leases in
respect of distribution centers if such lapse, termination, forfeiture or cancellation would not reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Effect, (c) notify the Lender of any default by a Loan Party with respect to (i) Leases in respect of distribution
centers and (ii) such other Leases (other than in respect of distribution centers) that would reasonably be expected to result in
an Material Adverse Effect and cooperate with the Lender in all respects to cure any such default, and (d) cause each of its Restricted
Subsidiaries to do the foregoing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Loan Parties shall be permitted to allow Leases to lapse or be terminated
to the extent such Leases are no longer used or useful in the conduct of the business of the Loan Parties in the ordinary course of business,
consistent with past practices, and nothing herein shall preclude the Loan Parties from contesting in good faith any dispute with the
lessor with respect to any Lease.

6.18 Material
Contracts. (a) Perform and observe all the terms and provisions of each Material Contract to be performed or observed by it,
(b) maintain each such Material Contract in full force and effect except to the extent such Material Contract is no longer used or
useful in the conduct of the business of the Loan Parties in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practices, (c) enforce
each such Material Contract in accordance with its terms, and (d) cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to do the foregoing.

6.19 Anti-Corruption
Laws; Sanctions. Conduct its businesses in compliance in all material respects with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices
Act of 1977 and other applicable Anti-Corruption Laws and with all applicable Sanctions, and maintain policies and procedures reasonably
designed to promote and achieve compliance with such Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions.

6.20 Designation
of Subsidiaries. The Board of Directors of the Borrower may at any time designate any Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted
Subsidiary or any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary, in each case, upon written notice to the Lender; provided
that (i) the designation of any Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary shall constitute an Investment by the
Borrower therein at the date of designation in an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of the Borrowers investment therein
subject to pro forma compliance with the Payment Conditions, (ii) the designation of any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a
Restricted Subsidiary shall constitute the incurrence at the time of designation of any Indebtedness or Liens of such Subsidiary
existing at such time, (iii) the Borrower may not (x) designate any Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary,
or (y) designate an Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary, in each case, unless no Event of Default shall have
occurred or be continuing immediately before and after giving effect to such designation, (iv) no Restricted Subsidiary may be
designated an Unrestricted Subsidiary if it was previously designated an Unrestricted Subsidiary, and (vi) no Unrestricted
Subsidiary may own any Intellectual Property material and necessary for the operation of the assets of the Loan Parties and their
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, unless following such designation as an Unrestricted Subsidiary, such Intellectual Property shall
continue to be subject to a royalty-free, non-exclusive license in favor of the Lender for the purpose of the Lenders
exercise of rights and remedies under the Loan Documents in connection with the Collateral.

104

ARTICLE VII.

NEGATIVE COVENANTS

So long as the Lender shall have
any Commitment hereunder, any Loan or other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied (other than contingent
indemnification claims for which a claim has not been asserted), or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding, no Loan Party
shall, nor shall it permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly:

7.01 Liens.
Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its property, assets or revenues, whether now owned or hereafter acquired
or sign or file or suffer to exist under the UCC or any similar Law or statute of any jurisdiction a financing statement that names any
Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary thereof as debtor; sign or suffer to exist any security agreement authorizing any Person thereunder
to file such financing statement; sell any of its property or assets subject to an understanding or agreement (contingent or otherwise)
to repurchase such property or assets with recourse to it or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries; or assign or otherwise transfer any accounts
or other rights to receive income, other than, as to all of the above, Permitted Encumbrances.

7.02 Investments. Make any Investments, except Permitted Investments.

7.03 Indebtedness;
Disqualified Stock; Equity Issuances. Create, incur, assume, guarantee, suffer to exist or otherwise become or remain liable with
respect to, any Indebtedness, except Permitted Indebtedness; (b) issue Disqualified Stock, or (c) issue and sell any other Equity
Interests unless (i) such Equity Interests shall be issued solely by the Borrower and not by a Restricted Subsidiary of a Loan Party,
(ii) such Equity Interests shall not be subject to redemption other than redemption at the option of the Loan Party issuing such
Equity Interests and in accordance with the limitations contained in this Agreement, and (iii) all Restricted Payments in respect
of such Equity Interests are subordinated to the Obligations.

7.04 Fundamental
Changes. Merge, dissolve, liquidate, consolidate with or into another Person, (or agree to do any of the foregoing), except that,
so long as no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing prior to or immediately after giving effect to any action
described below or would result therefrom:

(a) any
Restricted Subsidiary which is not a Loan Party may merge with (i) a Loan Party, provided that the Loan Party shall be
the continuing or surviving Person, or (ii) any one or more other Restricted Subsidiaries which are not Loan Parties, provided
that when any wholly-owned Restricted Subsidiary is merging with another Restricted Subsidiary, the wholly-owned Restricted
Subsidiary shall be the continuing or surviving Person;

105

(b) any
Restricted Subsidiary may merge into any other Restricted Subsidiary or into the Borrower, provided that in any merger involving
the Borrower, the Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving Person; and

(c) in
connection with a Permitted Acquisition, a Loan Party may merge with or into or consolidate with any other Person or permit any other
Person to merge with or into or consolidate with it; provided that (i) the Person surviving such merger shall be a wholly-owned
Restricted Subsidiary of a Loan Party and such Person shall become a Loan Party in accordance with the provisions of Section 6.11
hereof, and (ii) in the case of any such merger to which any Loan Party is a party, such Loan Party is the surviving Person.

7.05 Dispositions. Make any Disposition, except Permitted Dispositions.

7.06 Restricted
Payments. Declare or make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment, or incur any obligation
(contingent or otherwise) to do so, except that:

(a) each
Restricted Subsidiary of a Loan Party may make Restricted Payments to any Loan Party;

(b) the
Loan Parties and each Restricted Subsidiary may declare and make dividend payments or other distributions payable solely in the common
stock or other common Equity Interests of such Person;

(c) the
Borrower may declare or pay in cash a Restricted Payment so long Unrestricted Cash Payment Conditions are satisfied on the date such Restricted
Payment is declared and such Restricted Payment is paid solely from Unrestricted Cash;

(d) if
the RP Conditions are satisfied on the date that a Restricted Payment is declared, then each Loan Party may make such other Restricted
Payments (i.e. Restricted Payments that do not satisfy clauses(a), (b) or (c) above); provided that Loan Parties may make other
Restricted Payments without satisfaction of the RP Conditions if on the date such Restricted Payment is declared (a) after giving
pro forma effect to such Restricted Payment, Pro Forma Availability is greater than or equal to the greater of (i) twenty-five percent
(25%) of the Loan Cap and (ii) $15,000,000 (and prior to making any such Restricted Payment, the Loan Parties shall deliver to the
Lender evidence of satisfaction of the conditions contained in this proviso on a basis (including, without limitation, giving due consideration
to results for prior periods) reasonably satisfactory to the Lender), and (b) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing
immediately prior to, or immediately after giving effect to, such Restricted Payment, or would result therefrom.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the foregoing
provisions of this Section 7.06 shall not prohibit the payment of any Restricted Payment within 60 days after the date of
declaration thereof if at the date of declaration such payment would have been permitted by the applicable terms of this
Section 7.06.

106

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
in the foregoing, to the extent any Restricted Payment includes Intellectual Property material and necessary for the operation of the
assets of the Loan Parties and their Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, which constitutes Collateral, such Intellectual Property
shall be subject to a royalty-free, non-exclusive license in favor of the Lender for the purpose of the Lenders exercise of rights
and remedies under the Loan Documents in connection with the Collateral.

7.07 
Prepayments of Indebtedness. Prepay, redeem, purchase, defease or
otherwise satisfy prior to the scheduled maturity thereof in any manner any Indebtedness, or make any payment in violation of any
subordination terms of any Subordinated Indebtedness, except (a) regularly scheduled or mandatory repayments, repurchases,
redemptions or defeasances of (i) Permitted Indebtedness (other than Subordinated Indebtedness), (ii) Subordinated
Indebtedness in accordance with the subordination terms thereof, and (iii) Permitted Real Estate Indebtedness (b) voluntary
prepayments, repurchases, redemptions or defeasances of (i) Permitted Indebtedness (but excluding on account of any
Subordinated Indebtedness) as long as the Payment Conditions are satisfied, (ii) Subordinated Indebtedness in accordance with
the subordination terms thereof and as long as the Payment Conditions are satisfied, (iii) Permitted Real Estate Indebtedness
as long as the Payment Conditions are satisfied and (iv) any Indebtedness (other than Subordinated Indebtedness in violation of
any subordination terms with respect thereto) so long Unrestricted Cash Payment Conditions are satisfied on the date such payment is
paid and such payment is paid solely from Unrestricted Cash and (c) Permitted Refinancings of any such Indebtedness. Nothing
herein shall preclude the Borrower from prepaying or otherwise satisfying the Obligations hereunder pursuant to Section 2.04
hereof, or from terminating or reducing Commitments hereunder pursuant to Section 2.05 hereof.

7.08 Change
in Nature of Business. Engage in any line of business substantially different from the Business conducted by the Loan Parties and
their Restricted Subsidiaries on the Closing Date or any business substantially related or incidental thereto.

7.09 Transactions
with Affiliates. Enter into, renew, extend or be a party to any transaction of any kind with any Affiliate of any Loan Party,
whether or not in the ordinary course of business, other than on fair and reasonable terms substantially as favorable to the Loan
Parties or such Restricted Subsidiary as would be obtainable by the Loan Parties or such Restricted Subsidiary at the time in a
comparable arms length transaction with a Person other than an Affiliate, provided that the foregoing restriction
shall not apply to (a) a transaction between or among the Loan Parties, (b) transactions described on Schedule 7.09 to the
Disclosure Schedule, (c) advances for commissions, travel and other similar purposes in the ordinary course of business to
directors, officers and employees, (d) the payment of reasonable fees and out-of-pocket costs to directors, and compensation
and employee benefit arrangements paid to, and indemnities provided for the benefit of, directors, officers or employees of the
Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, (e) transactions with joint ventures for the purchase or sale of goods,
equipment and services entered into in the ordinary course of business, (f) Restricted Payments permitted by Section 7.06,
(g) transactions entered into by an Unrestricted Subsidiary with the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary prior to the
designation of any such Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to the definition of Unrestricted
Subsidiary; and (h) as long as no Change of Control results therefrom, any issuances of securities of the Borrower
(other than Disqualified Stock and other Equity Interests not permitted hereunder) or other payments, awards or grants in cash,
securities or otherwise pursuant to, or the funding of, employment agreements, stock options and stock ownership plans (in each case
in respect of Equity Interests in the Borrower) of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries.

107

7.10 Burdensome
Agreements. Enter into or permit to exist any Contractual Obligation (other than this Agreement or any other Loan Document) that
(a) limits the ability (i) of any Restricted Subsidiary to make Restricted Payments or other distributions to any Loan Party
or to otherwise transfer property to or invest in a Loan Party, (ii) of any Restricted Subsidiary to Guarantee the Obligations,
(iii) of any Restricted Subsidiary to make or repay loans to a Loan Party, or (iv) of the Loan Parties or any Restricted Subsidiary
to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist Liens on property of such Person in favor of the Lender; or (b) requires the grant of
a Lien to secure an obligation of such Person if a Lien is granted to secure another obligation of such Person; provided, however,
this Section 7.10 shall not prohibit (x) any negative pledge incurred or provided in favor of any holder of Indebtedness permitted
under the definition of Permitted Indebtedness (including Permitted Real Estate Indebtedness) solely to the extent any such negative
pledge does not relate to property in which the Lender has a perfected Lien, including property of the type included in the calculation
of the Borrowing Base or proceeds thereof and (y) any agreement entered into by a Permitted Real Estate Subsidiary that governs
or evidences Permitted Real Estate Indebtedness solely with respect to limitations on restrictions binding on such Permitted Real Estate
Subsidiary and no other Restricted Subsidiary or Loan Party, provided, further however, that clause (a)(i), clause
(a)(iii) and clause (b) of this Section 7.10 shall not prohibit (A) customary provisions in joint venture
agreements and other similar agreements applicable to joint ventures solely to joint ventures and entered into in the ordinary course
of business, (B) restrictions and conditions imposed by applicable Law, (C) restrictions and conditions contained in agreements
relating to the sale of a Subsidiary or any assets pending such sale; provided that such restrictions and conditions apply only to the
Subsidiary or assets that is or are to be sold and such sale is not prohibited under this Agreement, (D) customary provisions in
leases, licenses and other contracts restricting the assignment thereof, (E) any restrictions or conditions set forth in any agreement
in effect at any time any Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary (but not any modification or amendment expanding the scope of any such
restriction or condition); provided that such agreement was not entered into in contemplation of such Person becoming a Restricted
Subsidiary and the restriction or condition set forth in such agreement does not apply to the Borrower or any other Restricted Subsidiary
or any of their assets; (F) restrictions on cash or other deposits imposed by agreements with customers entered into in the ordinary
course of business (or other restrictions constituting Liens not prohibited under this Agreement), or (G) customary net worth provisions
contained in real property leases entered into by Subsidiaries of the Borrower, so long as the Borrower has determined in good faith
that such net worth provisions could not reasonably be expected to impair the ability of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries to meet their
ongoing obligation.

108

7.11 Use
of Proceeds. Use the proceeds of any Credit Extension, whether directly or knowingly indirectly, and whether immediately, incidentally
or ultimately, (a) (i) to purchase or carry margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U of the FRB) or to extend credit
to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock or to refund Indebtedness originally incurred for such purpose or (ii) in
any manner that would result in a violation of any applicable Sanctions or Anti-Corruption Laws, or (b) for any purposes other than
(i) the acquisition of working capital assets in the ordinary course of business, (ii) to finance Capital Expenditures of the
Loan Parties, and (iii) to fund working capital needs and other general corporate purposes of Borrower and its Subsidiaries, including
the financing of Permitted Acquisitions, other Permitted Investments, Restricted Payments and any other purpose not prohibited by the
Loan Documents.

7.12 Amendment
of Material Documents. Amend, modify or waive any of a Loan Partys rights under (a) its Organization Documents, or (b) the
terms of any agreement governing Material Indebtedness (other than on account of any Permitted Refinancing thereof), in the case of either
(a) or (b) above, to the extent that such amendment, modification or waiver would result in a Default or Event of Default under
any of the Loan Documents, or would reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

7.13 Fiscal
Year. Change the Fiscal Year of any Loan Party, or the accounting policies or reporting practices of the Loan Parties, except as required
by GAAP.

7.14 Deposit
Accounts; Credit Card Processors. Open new DDAs (other than Excluded Accounts) following the ThirdFourth
Amendment Effective Date unless the Loan Parties shall have delivered to the Lender a Blocked Account Agreement; provided
that such delivery shall not be required until thirty (30) days following the opening thereof with respect to any individual DDA with
a balance of less than $100,000. No Loan Party shall enter into any new agreements with credit card processors or credit card issuers
following the ThirdFourth
Amendment Effective Date other than (a) renewals or extensions of existing agreements with existing credit card processors or existing
credit card issuers that are subject to existing Credit Card Notifications entered into prior to the ThirdFourth
Amendment Effective Date or (b) to the extent the Loan Parties shall have notified the Lender thereof and shall have delivered
a Credit Card Notification in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Lender.

7.15 Financial
Covenant. During the continuance of a Covenant Compliance Event, permit the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, calculated for
the Measurement Period ending immediately prior to the Fiscal Month in which the Covenant Compliance Event occurs and for each Fiscal
Month ending thereafter until the Covenant Compliance Event is no longer continuing, to be less than 1:00 to 1:00.

ARTICLE VIII.

EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES

8.01 Events
of Default. Any of the following events (each an Event of Default) shall occur:

109

(a) Non-Payment.
The Borrower or any other Loan Party fails to pay when and as required to be paid herein, (i) any amount of principal of any Loan
or any L/C Obligation, or deposit any funds as Cash Collateral in respect of L/C Obligations, (ii) within three (3) Business
Days after the same becomes due, any amount of interest on any Loan (iii) within three (3) Business Days after the same becomes
due, any fee due under the Loan Documents, or (iv) within 30 days after the same becomes due, any other amount payable hereunder
or under any other Loan Document; or

(b) Specific
Covenants. (i) Any Loan Party fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in any of Sections
6.01, 6.02(a), (b), and (e), 6.03(a) and (m), 6.05, 6.10, 6.12(a), (c) or (d),
or Article VII; (ii) any Loan Party fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in Section 6.03(b) through (l)
and such failure continues for five (5) days or such later date as the Lender may agree; (iii) any
Loan Party fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in Section 6.12 (b) and such
failure continues for three (3) Business Days, or (iv) any
Loan Party fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in Sections 6.02(d), (f), (g), (h), (i), (j),
or (k), 6.11, 6.12(e) or 6.13, and such failure continues for fifteen (15) days or such later date as the
Lender may agree; or

(c) Other
Defaults. Any Loan Party fails to perform or observe any other covenant or agreement (not specified in subsection (a) or (b) above)
contained in any Loan Document on its part to be performed or observed and such failure continues for thirty (30) days; or

(d) Representations
and Warranties. Any representation, warranty, certification or statement of fact made or deemed made by or on behalf of any Loan Party
herein, in any other Loan Document, or in any document delivered in connection herewith or therewith (including, without limitation, any
Borrowing Base Certificate) shall be incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed made; or

110

(e) 
Cross-Default. (i) Any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary
thereof (A) fails to make any payment (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand, or otherwise)
in respect of any Material Indebtedness (other than Permitted Real Estate Indebtedness) beyond the applicable period of grace, if
any, provided in the instrument or agreement under which such Material Indebtedness (other than Permitted Real Estate Indebtedness)
was created, or (B)(I) fails to observe or perform any other agreement or condition relating to any such Material Indebtedness
(other than with respect to Indebtedness consisting of Swap Contracts, termination events or equivalent events pursuant to the terms
of such Swap Contracts or Permitted Real Estate Indebtedness) or contained in any instrument or agreement evidencing, securing or
relating thereto, or (II) any other event occurs, the effect of which default or other event is to cause, or to permit the
holder or holders of such Material Indebtedness (other than Permitted Real Estate Indebtedness) or the beneficiary or beneficiaries
of any Guarantee thereof (other than a Guarantee of Permitted Real Estate Indebtedness)(or a trustee or agent on behalf of such
holder or holders or beneficiary or beneficiaries) to cause, with the giving of notice if required, such Indebtedness to be demanded
or to become due or to be repurchased, prepaid, defeased or redeemed (automatically or otherwise), or an offer to repurchase,
prepay, defease or redeem such Indebtedness to be made, prior to its stated maturity or such Guarantee to become payable or cash
collateral in respect thereof to be demanded; provided that that this clause (d)(B)(II) shall not apply to
(x) secured Indebtedness (that becomes due or as to which an offer to prepay is required to be made as a result of the
voluntary sale or transfer of the property or assets securing such Indebtedness, if such sale or transfer is permitted hereunder and
under the documents providing for such Indebtedness or (y) any Indebtedness permitted to exist or be incurred under the terms
of this Agreement that is required to be repurchased, prepaid, defeased or redeemed (or as to which an offer to repurchase, prepay,
defease or redeem is required to be made) in connection with any asset sale event, casualty or condemnation event, change of
control, excess cash flow or other customary provision in such Indebtedness giving rise to such requirement to offer or prepay in
the absence of any default thereunder; or (ii) there occurs under any Swap Contract an Early Termination Date (as defined in
such Swap Contract) resulting from (A) any event of default under such Swap Contract as to which a Loan Party or any Restricted
Subsidiary thereof is the Defaulting Party (as defined in such Swap Contract) or (B) any Termination Event (as so defined)
under such Swap Contract as to which a Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary thereof is an Affected Party (as so defined) and, in
either event, the Swap Termination Value owed by the Loan Party or such Restricted Subsidiary as a result thereof is greater than
$20,000,000; or

(f) Insolvency
Proceedings, Etc. Any Loan Party or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries institutes or consents to the institution of any proceeding
under any Debtor Relief Law, or makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors; or applies for or consents to the appointment of any
receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer for it or for all or any material part of its
property; or a proceeding shall be commenced or a petition filed, without the application or consent of such Person, seeking or requesting
the appointment of any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer and such officer is appointed
and the appointment continues undischarged, undismissed or unstayed for sixty (60) calendar days or an order or decree approving or ordering
any of the foregoing shall be entered; or any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law relating to any such Person or to all or any material
part of its property is instituted without the consent of such Person and continues undismissed or unstayed for sixty (60) calendar days,
or an order for relief is entered in any such proceeding; or

(g) Inability
to Pay Debts; Attachment. (i) Any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary thereof becomes unable or admits in writing its inability
or fails generally to pay its debts as they become due in the ordinary course of business, or (ii) any writ or warrant of attachment
or execution or similar process is issued or levied against all or any material part of the property of any such Person; or

(h) Judgments.
There is (x) entered against any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary thereof (i) one or more final judgments or orders
for the payment of money in an aggregate amount (as to all such judgments and orders) exceeding $20,000,000 (to the extent not
covered by independent third-party insurance as to which the insurer has been notified of such judgment or order and has not denied
coverage thereof), or (ii) any one or more non-monetary judgments that have, or could reasonably be expected to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect and (y) there is a period of sixty (60) consecutive days during
which a stay of enforcement of such judgment or order, by reason of a pending appeal or otherwise, is not in effect; or

111

(i) ERISA.
(i) An ERISA Event occurs with respect to a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan which has resulted or could reasonably be expected
to result in liability of any Loan Party under Title IV of ERISA to the Pension Plan, Multiemployer Plan or the PBGC in an aggregate amount
in excess of $20,000,000 or which would reasonably likely result in a Material Adverse Effect, or (ii) a Loan Party or any ERISA
Affiliate fails to pay when due, after the expiration of any applicable grace period, any installment payment with respect to its withdrawal
liability under Section 4201 of ERISAunder a Multiemployer Plan in an aggregate amount in excess of $20,000,000 or which would reasonably
likely result in a Material Adverse Effect; or

(j) Invalidity
of Loan Documents. (i) Any material provision of the Loan Documents, taken as a whole, at any time after its execution and delivery
and for any reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder or as a result of the satisfaction in full of all of the
Obligations in cash, ceases to be in full force and effect; or any Loan Party or any other Person contests in any manner the validity
or enforceability of any provision of any Loan Document; or any Loan Party denies that it has any or further liability or obligation under
any provision of any Loan Document, or purports to revoke, terminate or rescind any provision of any Loan Document or seeks to avoid,
limit or otherwise adversely affect any Lien purported to be created under any Security Document; or (ii) any Lien on any material
portion of the Collateral purported to be created under any Security Document shall cease to be, or shall be asserted by any Loan Party
or any other Person not to be, a valid and perfected Lien on any Collateral, with the priority required by the applicable Security Document
other than as a result of (i) a release of Collateral permitted by the Loon Documents or (ii) Lenders failure to (1) maintain
possession of any stock certificates, promissory notes or other instruments delivered to it under the Loan Documents or (2) file
and maintain proper Uniform Commercial Code statements or similar filings (including continuation statements); or

(k)Change of Control. There occurs any Change
of Control; or

(l) Cessation
of Business. Except as otherwise expressly permitted hereunder, the Loan Parties, taken as a whole, shall take any action to suspend
the operation of their business in the ordinary course, liquidate all or a material portion of their assets or Store locations, or employ
an agent or other third party to conduct a program of closings, liquidations or Going-Out-Of-Business sales of any material
portion of their business; or

(m) Permitted
Real Estate Indebtedness. Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries fails to (i) make a principal or interest payment
on any Permitted Real Estate Indebtedness when due and payable (after giving effect to any applicable grace periods) or
(ii) perform or observe any covenant, term, condition or agreement relating to any Permitted Real Estate Indebtedness, and, in
the case of clause (ii), as a result of such failure such Permitted Real Estate Indebtedness is declared to be due and payable prior
to its stated maturity.

112

(n) [Reserved];

(o) Guaranty.
The termination or attempted termination of any Facility Guaranty except as expressly permitted hereunder or under any other Loan Document;
or

(p) Subordination.
(i) The subordination provisions of the documents evidencing or governing any Subordinated Indebtedness (the Subordination
Provisions) shall, in whole or in part, terminate, cease to be effective or cease to be legally valid, binding and enforceable
against any holder of the applicable Subordinated Indebtedness; or (ii) the Borrower or any other Loan Party shall, directly or indirectly,
disavow or contest in any manner (A) the effectiveness, validity or enforceability of any of the Subordination Provisions, (B) that
the Subordination Provisions exist for the benefit of the Credit Parties, or (C) that all payments of principal of or premium and
interest on the applicable Subordinated Indebtedness, or realized from the liquidation of any property of any Loan Party, shall be subject
to any of the Subordination Provisions.

8.02 Remedies
Upon Event of Default. If any Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Lender may take any
or all of the following actions:

(a) declare
the Commitment of the Lender to make Loans and any obligation of the L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions to be terminated, whereupon
such Commitment and obligations shall be terminated;

(b) declare
the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans, all interest accrued and unpaid thereon, and all other Obligations to be immediately
due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Loan
Parties;

(c) require that the Loan Parties Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations; and

(d) whether
or not the maturity of the Obligations shall have been accelerated pursuant hereto, proceed to protect, enforce and exercise all rights
and remedies of the Credit Parties under this Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents or Law, including, but not limited to, by suit
in equity, action at law or other appropriate proceeding, whether for the specific performance of any covenant or agreement contained
in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or any instrument pursuant to which the Obligations are evidenced, and, if the Obligations
shall have become due, by declaration or otherwise, proceed to enforce the payment thereof or any other legal or equitable right of the
Credit Parties;

provided, however,
that upon the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default with respect to any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary thereof
under Section 8.01(f), the obligation of the Lender to make Loans and any obligation of the L/C Issuer to make L/C
Credit Extensions shall automatically terminate, the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans and all interest and other
amounts as aforesaid shall automatically become due and payable, and the obligation of the Loan Parties to Cash Collateralize the
L/C Obligations as aforesaid shall automatically become effective, in each case without further act of the Lender.

113

No remedy herein is intended
to be exclusive of any other remedy and each and every remedy shall be cumulative and shall be in addition to every other remedy given
hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or by statute or any other provision of Law.

8.03
Application of Funds. After the exercise of remedies provided for in Section8.02 (or after the Loans have automatically become immediately due and payable and the L/C Obligations have automatically been
required to be Cash Collateralized as set forth in the proviso to Section 8.02), any amounts received on account of the Obligations
shall be applied by the Lender in the following order:

First,
to payment of that portion of the Obligations (excluding the Other Liabilities) constituting fees, indemnities, Credit Party Expenses
and other amounts (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Credit Parties and amounts payable under Article III)
payable to the Lender;

Second,
to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid interest on the Committed Loans, L/C Borrowings and
other Obligations, and fees (including Letter of Credit Fees), ratably among the Lender and the L/C Issuer in proportion to the
respective amounts described in this clause Second payable to them;

Third,
to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Committed Loans and L/C Borrowings and Swap Contracts,
ratably among the Lender and the L/C Issuer in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Third held by them;

Fourth,
to the Lender for the account of the L/C Issuer, to Cash Collateralize that portion of L/C Obligations comprised of the aggregate undrawn
amount of Letters of Credit;

Fifth, to payment
of all other Obligations (including without limitation the cash collateralization of unliquidated indemnification obligations as provided
in Section 9.04, but excluding any Other Liabilities), ratably among the Credit Parties in proportion to the respective amounts
described in this clause Fifth held by them;

Sixth, to payment
of that portion of the Obligations arising from Cash Management Services, ratably among the Credit Parties in proportion to the respective
amounts described in this clause Sixth held by them;

Seventh,
to payment of that portion of the Obligations arising from Bank Products, ratably among the Credit Parties in proportion to the respective
amounts described in this clause Seventh held by them; and

114

Last,
the balance, if any, after all of the Obligations have been indefeasibly paid in full, to the Loan Parties or as otherwise required by
Law.

Subject to Section 2.03(c), amounts
used to Cash Collateralize the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit pursuant to clause Fourth above shall be applied to
satisfy drawings under such Letters of Credit as they occur. If any amount remains on deposit as Cash Collateral after all Letters of
Credit have either been fully drawn or expired, such remaining amount shall be applied to the other Obligations, if any, in the order
set forth above.

Excluded Swap Obligations with respect to any Loan Party shall not
be paid with amounts received from such Loan Party, but appropriate adjustments shall be made with respect to
payments from other Loan Parties to preserve the allocation to the Obligations otherwise set forth above in this Section.

ARTICLE IX.

MISCELLANEOUS

9.01 Amendments, Etc. No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement

or any other Loan Document, and no consent to
any departure by any Loan Party therefrom, shall be effective unless in writing signed by the Lender and the Borrower or the applicable
Loan Party, as the case may be, and each such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific
purpose for which given, provided, that no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the L/C Issuer in addition
to the Lender, affect the rights or duties of the L/C Issuer under this Agreement or any Issuer Document relating to any Letter of Credit
issued or to be issued by it.

Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, no provider or holder of any Bank Products or Cash Management Services shall
have any voting or approval rights hereunder (or be deemed a Lender) solely by virtue of its status as the provider or holder of such
agreements or products or the Obligations owing thereunder, nor shall the consent of any such provider or holder be required (other than
in their capacities as the Lender, to the extent applicable) for any matter hereunder or under any of the other Loan Documents, including
as to any matter relating to the Collateral or the release of Collateral or any Loan Party.

9.02 Notices; Effectiveness; Electronic Communications.

(a) Notices
Generally. Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and except as provided
in subsection (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by
hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail, furnished by electronic communication as provided in Section 9.02(b) or
sent by facsimile as follows, and all notices and other communications expressly permitted hereunder to be given by telephone shall be
made to the applicable telephone number, if to the Loan Parties, the Lender, the L/C Issuer, to the address, facsimile number, electronic
mail address or telephone number specified for such Person on Schedule 9.02 hereto.

Notices and other communications sent by hand
or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received; notices and
other communications sent by facsimile shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business
hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient). Notices
and other communications delivered through electronic communications to the extent provided in subsection (b) below, shall be effective
as provided in such subsection (b).

115

(b) Electronic
Communications. Notices and other communications to the Lender and the L/C Issuer hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic
communication (including e-mail, FpML messaging, and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Lender, provided
that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to the L/C Issuer pursuant to Article II if the L/C Issuer has notified the
Lender that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic communication. The Lender, the L/C Issuer or the
Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant
to procedures approved by it, provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications.

Unless the Lender otherwise
prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received when delivered; provided that
notices and other communications to the Lender or the L/C Issuer pursuant to Article II shall not be effective until actually received
by such Person during the persons normal business hours and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet
website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing
clause (i) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor.

(c) Change
of Address, Etc. Each of the Loan Parties, the Lender and the L/C Issuer may change its address, facsimile or telephone number for
notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto.

(d) Reliance
by Lender and L/C Issuer. The Lender and the L/C Issuer shall be entitled to rely and act upon any notices (including telephonic Committed
Loan Notices) purportedly given by or on behalf of the Loan Parties even if (i) such notices were not made in a manner specified
herein, were incomplete or were not preceded or followed by any other form of notice specified herein, or (ii) the terms thereof,
as understood by the recipient, varied from any confirmation thereof. The Loan Parties shall indemnify the Lender, the L/C Issuer, and
the Related Parties of each of them from all losses, costs, expenses and liabilities resulting from the reliance by such Person on each
notice purportedly given by or on behalf of the Loan Parties. All telephonic notices to and other telephonic communications with the Lender
may be recorded by the Lender, and each of the parties hereto hereby consents to such recording.

9.03 No
Waiver; Cumulative Remedies. No failure by any Credit Party to exercise, and no delay by any such Person in exercising, any
right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any
right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Loan Document preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the
exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided herein and in the
other Loan Documents are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by law. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, the making of a Loan or issuance of a Letter of Credit shall not be construed as a waiver
of any Default or Event of Default, regardless of whether any Credit Party may have had notice or knowledge of such Default or Event
of Default at the time.

116

9.04 Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver.

(a)Costs and Expenses. The Borrower shall pay
all Credit Party Expenses.

(b) Indemnification
by the Loan Parties. The Loan Parties shall indemnify the Lender (and any sub-agent thereof), each other Credit Party, and each
Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee) against, and hold
each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, causes of action, damages, liabilities, settlement payments, costs, and
related expenses (including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee), incurred by any Indemnitee or
asserted against any Indemnitee by any third party or by the Borrower or any other Loan Party arising out of, in connection with, or
as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument
contemplated hereby or thereby (including, without limitation, the
Indemnitees reliance on any Communication executed using an Electronic Signature, or in the form of an Electronic
Record), the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder, the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents,
(ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by the L/C Issuer
to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly
comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit, any bank advising or confirming a Letter of Credit and any other Person seeking to
enforce the rights of the Borrower, beneficiary, transferee, or assignee or Letter of Credit proceeds or the holder of an instrument
or document related to any Letter of Credit), (iii) any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous Materials on or from
any property owned or operated by any Loan Party or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in
any way to any Loan Party or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, (iv) any claims of, or amounts paid by any Credit Party to, a
Blocked Account Bank or other Person which has entered into a control agreement with any Credit Party hereunder, or (v) any
actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract,
tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by the Borrower or any other Loan Party or any of the Loan
Parties directors, shareholders or creditors, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto, in all cases,
whether or not caused by or arising, in whole or in part, out of the comparative, contributory or sole negligence of the Indemnitee; provided
that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or
related expenses (x) are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted
from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or (y) result from a claim brought by the Borrower or any
other Loan Party against an Indemnitee for breach in bad faith of such Indemnitees obligations hereunder or under any other
Loan Document, if the Borrower or such Loan Party has obtained a final and nonappealable judgment in its favor on such claim as
determined by a court of competent jurisdiction. Paragraph (b) of this Section shall not apply with respect to Taxes other
than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim.

117

(c) Waiver
of Consequential Damages, Etc. To the fullest extent permitted by Law, the Loan Parties shall not assert, and hereby waive, any claim
against any Indemnitee, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or
actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument
contemplated hereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof.
No Indemnitee shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed
to such unintended recipients by such Indemnitee through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection
with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby other than for direct or actual damages
resulting from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee as determined by a final and nonappealable judgment of a
court of competent jurisdiction.

(d) Payments.
All amounts due under this Section shall be payable on demand therefor.

(e) Survival.
The agreements in this Section shall survive the resignation of the Lender and the L/C Issuer, the assignment of any Commitment or
Loan by the Lender, the replacement of the Lender, the termination of the Commitment and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all
the other Obligations.

9.05 Payments
Set Aside. To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of the Loan Parties is made to any Credit Party, or any Credit Party
exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated,
declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by such Credit
Party in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor
Relief Law or otherwise, then (a) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be
satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not
occurred, and (b) the L/C Issuer agrees to pay to the Lender upon demand (without duplication) of any amount so recovered from
or repaid by the Lender, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum
equal to the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect. The obligations of the L/C Issuer under clause (b) of the
preceding sentence shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement.

118

9.06 Successors and Assigns.

(a) Successors
and Assigns Generally. The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their
respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that no Loan Party may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations
hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the prior written consent of the Lender and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer
any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an Eligible Assignee, (ii) by way of participation in accordance with
the provisions of subsection Section 9.06(c), or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject
to the restrictions of Section 9.06(e) (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null
and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto,
their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in subsection (c) of this Section and,
to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Credit Parties) any legal or equitable right, remedy or
claim under or by reason of this Agreement.

(b) Assignments
by Lender. The parties to any assignment by the Lender hereunder shall execute and deliver to the Lender an Assignment and Assumption.
From and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the Eligible Assignee thereunder shall be a party to this
Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under
this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be
released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lenders
rights and obligations under this Agreement, the Lender shall cease to be a party hereto) but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits
of Sections 3.01, 3.04, 3.05, and 9.04 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective
date of such assignment. Upon request, the Borrower (at its expense) shall execute and deliver a Note to the assignee Lender. Any assignment
or transfer by the Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this subsection shall be treated for
purposes of this Agreement as a sale by the Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with Section 9.06(c).

(c) Participations.
The Lender may at any time (with the Borrowers prior written consent which shall not be (i) unreasonably withheld,
conditioned or delayed or (ii) required
during the continuance of an Event of Default; provided that the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented unless it shall
have objected thereto by written notice to the Lender within ten (10) Business Days after having received notice of a failure
to respond to such request for consent) sell participations to any Person (other than a natural person or the Loan Parties or any of
the Loan Parties Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a Participant) in all or a portion of the
Lenders rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Loans
(including the Lenders participations in L/C Obligations) owing to it); provided that (i) the Lenders
obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) the Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties
hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the
Loan Parties and the L/C Issuer shall continue to deal solely and directly with the Lender in connection with the Lenders
rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any Participant shall agree in writing to comply with all confidentiality obligations
set forth in Section 9.07 as if such Participant was the Lender hereunder.

119

Any agreement or instrument
pursuant to which the Lender sells such a participation shall provide that the Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement
and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument
may provide that the Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, waiver or other modification that
affects such Participant disproportionately to the Lender. Subject to subsection (d) of this Section, the Loan Parties agree
that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01, 3.04 and 3.05 to the same extent as if it were
the Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to Section 9.06(b).

(d) Limitations
upon Participant Rights. A Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 3.01 or 3.04
than the Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, unless the sale of the
participation to such Participant is made with the Borrowers prior written consent.

(e) Certain
Pledges. The Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement
(including under its Note, if any) to secure obligations of the Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a
Federal Reserve Bank; provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release the Lender from any of its obligations hereunder
or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for the Lender as a party hereto.

(f) Electronic
Execution of Assignments. The words execution, signed, signature, and words of like import
in any Assignment and Assumption shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of
which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping
system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any Law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National
Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic
Transactions Act.

9.07 Treatment
of Certain Information; Confidentiality. Each of the Credit Parties agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information
(as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its Affiliates, Approved Funds, and to its and its
Affiliates and Approved Funds respective partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, funding sources, attorneys,
advisors and representatives (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the
confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the extent required or
requested by any regulatory authority purporting to have jurisdiction over such Person (including any self-regulatory authority such
as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (c) to the extent required by Laws or regulations or by any subpoena
or similar legal process, (d) to any other party hereto, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or
under any other Loan Document or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement
of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this
Section, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or
obligations under this Agreement or (ii) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any Swap Contract relating
to any Loan Party and its obligations, (g) with the consent of the Borrower or (h) to the extent such Information
(x) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (y) becomes available to any
Credit Party or any of their respective Affiliates on a non-confidential basis from a source other than the Loan Parties.

120

For purposes of this Section,
Information means all information received from the Loan Parties or any Subsidiary thereof relating to the Loan Parties
or any Subsidiary thereof or their respective businesses, other than any such information that is available to any Credit Party on a non-confidential
basis prior to disclosure by the Loan Parties or any Subsidiary thereof, provided that, in the case of information received from
any Loan Party or any Subsidiary after the Closing Date, such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential.
Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied
with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information
as such Person would accord to its own confidential information.

Each of the Credit
Parties acknowledges that (a) the Information may include material non-public information concerning the Loan Parties or a
Subsidiary, as the case may be, (b) it has developed compliance procedures regarding the use of material non-public information
and (c) it will handle such material non-public information in accordance with Law, including federal and state securities
Laws.

9.08 Right
of Setoff. If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or if the Lender shall have been served with a trustee
process or similar attachment relating to property of a Loan Party, the Lender, the L/C Issuer and each of their respective
Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time to the fullest extent permitted by Law, to set off and apply any
and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency) or other property at any time held
and other obligations (in whatever currency) at any time owing by the Lender, the L/C Issuer or any such Affiliate to or for the
credit or the account of the Borrower or any other Loan Party against any and all of the Obligations then due and payable under this
Agreement or any other Loan Document to the Lender or the L/C Issuer, regardless of the adequacy of the Collateral, and irrespective
of whether or not the Lender or the L/C Issuer shall have made any demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and
although such obligations of the Borrower or such Loan Party may be owed to a branch or office of the Lender or the L/C Issuer
different from the branch or office holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness. The rights of the Lender, the L/C Issuer
and their respective Affiliates under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of
setoff) that the Lender, the L/C Issuer or their respective Affiliates may have. The Lender and the L/C Issuer agrees to notify the
Borrower promptly after any such setoff and application, provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the
validity of such setoff and application.

121

9.09 Interest
Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any Loan Document, the interest paid or agreed to be paid under
the Loan Documents shall not exceed the maximum rate of non-usurious interest permitted by Law (the Maximum Rate).
If the Lender shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate, the excess interest shall be applied to the principal
of the Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded to the Borrower. In determining whether the interest contracted for, charged,
or received by the Lender exceeds the Maximum Rate, such Person may, to the extent permitted by Law, (a) characterize any payment
that is not principal as an expense, fee, or premium rather than interest, (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof,
and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate, and spread in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated
term of the Obligations hereunder.

9.10 Counterparts; Integration;
Effectiveness. This Agreement may be executed incounterparts
(and by different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original,
but allof which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement
and, the other Loan Documents,
and any separate letter agreements with respect to fees payable to the Lender or the
L/C Issuer, constitute the entire contract among
the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written,
relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as provided in Section 4.01, this Agreement shall become effective when it
shall have been executed by the Lender and when the Lender shall have received counterparts hereof that, when taken together, bear
the signatures of each of the other parties hereto. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a
signature page of this Agreement by telecopy, pdf or other electronic transmission shall be as effective as delivery of a
manually executed counterpart of this Agreement.,
and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted
assigns.

9.11 Survival. All
representations and warranties made hereunder and in any other Loan Document or other document delivered pursuant hereto or thereto
or in connection herewith or therewith shall survive the execution and delivery hereof and thereof. Such representations and
warranties have been or will be relied upon by the Credit Parties, regardless of any investigation made by any Credit Party or on
their behalf and notwithstanding that any Credit Party may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or Event of Default at the
time of any Credit Extension, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as any Loan or any other Obligation hereunder
shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding. Further, the provisions of Sections
3.01, 3.04, 3.05 and 9.04 shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the repayment of the
Obligations, the expiration or termination of the Letters of Credit and the Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or any
provision hereof. In connection with the termination of this Agreement and the release and termination of the security interests in
the Collateral, the Lender may require such indemnities and collateral security as they shall reasonably deem necessary or
appropriate to protect the Credit Parties against (x) loss on account of credits previously applied to the Obligations that may
subsequently be reversed or revoked, (y) any obligations that may thereafter arise with respect to the Other Liabilities, and
(z) any Obligations that may thereafter arise under Section 9.04 hereof.

122

9.12 Severability.
If any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, (a) the legality,
validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall not be affected or impaired
thereby and (b) the parties shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions
with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions.
The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.

9.13 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc.

(a) GOVERNING
LAW. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT
OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT (EXCEPT, AS TO ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT,
AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH THEREIN) AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND THEREBY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE
WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

(b) SUBMISSION
TO JURISDICTION. THE BORROWER AND EACH OTHER LOAN PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT COMMENCE ANY
ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING OF ANY KIND OR DESCRIPTION, WHETHER IN LAW OR EQUITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR IN TORT OR OTHERWISE,
AGAINST THE LENDER, THE L/C ISSUER, OR ANY RELATED PARTY OF THE FOREGOING IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN
DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATING HERETO OR THERETO, IN ANY FORUM OTHER THAN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN
NEW YORK COUNTY AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY
THEREOF, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS AND AGREES THAT
ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE COURT OR,
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL
JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON
THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT
THAT ANY CREDIT PARTY MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN
DOCUMENT AGAINST THE BORROWER OR ANY OTHER LOAN PARTY OR ITS PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION.

123

(c) WAIVER
OF VENUE. THE BORROWER AND EACH OTHER LOAN PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE
LAW, ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING
TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT IN ANY COURT REFERRED TO IN CLAUSE (B) OF THIS SECTION 9.13. EACH OF THE PARTIES
HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE
OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT.

(d) SERVICE
OF PROCESS. EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN THE MANNER PROVIDED FOR NOTICES IN SECTION 9.02.
NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT WILL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF ANY PARTY HERETO TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.

9.14 Waiver
of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE
TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT
OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES
THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN
THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN
INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS
SECTION.

9.15 No
Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility. In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby, the Loan Parties
each acknowledge and agree that: (i) the credit facility provided for hereunder and any related arranging or other services in
connection therewith (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document)
are an arms-length commercial transaction between the Loan Parties, on the one hand, and the Credit Parties, on the other
hand, and each of the Loan Parties is capable of evaluating and understanding and understands and accepts the terms, risks and
conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents (including any amendment, waiver or other
modification hereof or thereof); (ii) in connection with the process leading to such transaction, each Credit Party is and has
been acting solely as a principal and is not the financial advisor, agent or fiduciary, for the Loan Parties or any of their
respective Affiliates, stockholders, creditors or employees or any other Person; (iii) none of the Credit Parties has assumed
or will assume an advisory, agency or fiduciary responsibility in favor of the Loan Parties with respect to any of the transactions
contemplated hereby or the process leading thereto, including with respect to any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or
of any other Loan Document (irrespective of whether any of the Credit Parties has advised or is currently advising any Loan Party or
any of its Affiliates on other matters) and none of the Credit Parties has any obligation to any Loan Party or any of its Affiliates
with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan
Documents; (iv) the Credit Parties and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve
interests that differ from those of the Loan Parties and their respective Affiliates, and none of the Credit Parties has any
obligation to disclose any of such interests by virtue of any advisory, agency or fiduciary relationship; and (v) the Credit
Parties have not provided and will not provide any legal, accounting, regulatory or tax advice with respect to any of the
transactions contemplated hereby (including any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document) and
each of the Loan Parties has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed
appropriate. Each of the Loan Parties hereby waives and releases, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims that it may
have against each of the Credit Parties with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty.

124

9.16 USA
PATRIOT Act Notice. The Lender hereby notifies the Loan Parties that pursuant to the requirements of the USA Patriot Act (Title III
of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the Act), it is required to obtain, verify and record
information that identifies each Loan Party, which information includes the name and address of each Loan Party and other information
that will allow the Lender, as applicable, to identify each Loan Party in accordance with the Act. Each
Loan Party is in compliance, in all material respects, with the Patriot Act. No part of the proceeds of the Loans will be usedby the LoanParties, directly or knowingly indirectly, for any payments to
any governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office, or anyone else
acting in an official capacity, in order to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in violation of the United
States Foreign Corrupt PracticesThe Borrower shall, promptly
following a request by the Lender,
provide all such other documentation and information that the Lender requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable
know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Act of
1977, as amended.

9.17 [Reserved].

9.18 Time of the Essence. Time is of the essence of the Loan Documents.

9.19 Press Releases.

(a) Each
Loan Party executing this Agreement agrees that neither it nor its Affiliates will in the future issue any press releases or other
public disclosure using the name of the Lender or its Affiliates or referring to this Agreement or the other Loan Documents without
at least two (2) Business Days prior notice to the Lender and without the prior written consent of the Lender unless
(and only to the extent that) such Loan Party or Affiliate is required to do so under Law and then, in any event, such Loan Party or
Affiliate will consult with the Lender before issuing such press release or other public disclosure.

125

(b) Each
Loan Party consents to the publication by the Lender of advertising material relating to the financing transactions contemplated by this
Agreement using any Loan Partys name, product photographs, logo or trademark. The Lender shall provide a draft reasonably in advance
of any advertising material to the Borrower for review and comment prior to the publication thereof. The Lender reserves the right to
provide to industry trade organizations information necessary and customary for inclusion in league table measurements.

9.20 Additional Waivers.

(a) The
Obligations are the joint and several obligation of each Loan Party. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, the Obligations
of each Loan Party shall not be affected by (i) the failure of any Credit Party to assert any claim or demand or to enforce or exercise
any right or remedy against any other Loan Party under the provisions of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or otherwise, (ii) any
rescission, waiver, amendment or modification of, or any release from any of the terms or provisions of, this Agreement or any other Loan
Document, or (iii) the failure to perfect any security interest in, or the release of, any of the Collateral or other security held
by or on behalf of the Lender or any other Credit Party.

(b) The
Obligations of each Loan Party shall not be subject to any reduction, limitation, impairment or termination for any reason (other than
the indefeasible payment in full in cash of the Obligations and the termination of the Commitments), including any claim of waiver, release,
surrender, alteration or compromise of any of the Obligations, and shall not be subject to any defense or setoff, counterclaim, recoupment
or termination whatsoever by reason of the invalidity, illegality or unenforceability of any of the Obligations or otherwise. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Obligations of each Loan Party hereunder shall not be discharged or impaired or otherwise
affected by the failure of the Lender or any other Credit Party to assert any claim or demand or to enforce any remedy under this Agreement,
any other Loan Document or any other agreement, by any waiver or modification of any provision of any thereof, any default, failure or
delay, willful or otherwise, in the performance of any of the Obligations, or by any other act or omission that may or might in any manner
or to any extent vary the risk of any Loan Party or that would otherwise operate as a discharge of any Loan Party as a matter of law or
equity (other than the indefeasible payment in full in cash of all the Obligations and the termination of the Commitments).

(c) To
the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, each Loan Party waives any defense based on or arising out of any defense of any
other Loan Party or the unenforceability of the Obligations or any part thereof from any cause, or the cessation from any cause of
the liability of any other Loan Party, other than the indefeasible payment in full in cash of all the Obligations and the
termination of the Commitments. The Lender and the other Credit Parties may, at their election, foreclose on any security held by
one or more of them by one or more judicial or non-judicial sales, accept an assignment of any such security in lieu of foreclosure,
compromise or adjust any part of the Obligations, make any other accommodation with any other Loan Party, or exercise any other
right or remedy available to them against any other Loan Party, without affecting or impairing in any way the liability of any Loan
Party hereunder except to the extent that all the Obligations have been indefeasibly paid in full in cash and the Commitments have
been terminated. Each Loan Party waives any defense arising out of any such election even though such election operates, pursuant to
applicable Law, to impair or to extinguish any right of reimbursement or subrogation or other right or remedy of such Loan Party
against any other Loan Party, as the case may be, or any security.

126

(d) Each
Loan Party is obligated to repay the Obligations as joint and several obligors under this Agreement. Upon payment by any Loan Party of
any Obligations, all rights of such Loan Party against any other Loan Party arising as a result thereof by way of right of subrogation,
contribution, reimbursement, indemnity or otherwise shall in all respects be subordinate and junior in right of payment to the prior indefeasible
payment in full in cash of all the Obligations and the termination of the Commitments. In addition, any indebtedness of any Loan Party
now or hereafter held by any other Loan Party is hereby subordinated in right of payment to the prior indefeasible payment in full of
the Obligations and no Loan Party will demand, sue for or otherwise attempt to collect any such indebtedness. If any amount shall erroneously
be paid to any Loan Party on account of (i) such subrogation, contribution, reimbursement, indemnity or similar right or (ii) any
such indebtedness of any Loan Party, such amount shall be held in trust for the benefit of the Credit Parties and shall forthwith be paid
to the Lender to be credited against the payment of the Obligations, whether matured or unmatured, in accordance with the terms of this
Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Subject to the foregoing, to the extent that any Loan Party shall, under this Agreement as a joint
and several obligor, repay any of the Obligations constituting Loans made to another Loan Party hereunder or other Obligations incurred
directly and primarily by any other Loan Party (an Accommodation Payment), then the Loan Party making such Accommodation
Payment shall be entitled to contribution and indemnification from, and be reimbursed by, each of the other Loan Parties in an amount,
for each of such other Loan Party, equal to a fraction of such Accommodation Payment, the numerator of which fraction is such other Loan
Partys Allocable Amount and the denominator of which is the sum of the Allocable Amounts of all of the Loan Parties. As of any
date of determination, the Allocable Amount of any Loan Party shall be equal to the maximum amount of liability for Accommodation
Payments which could be asserted against such Loan Party hereunder without (a) rendering such Loan Party insolvent
within the meaning of Section 101(32) of the Bankruptcy Code, Section 2 of the Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act (UFTA)
or Section 2 of the Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act (UFCA), (b) leaving such Loan Party with unreasonably small
capital or assets, within the meaning of Section 548 of the Bankruptcy Code, Section 4 of the UFTA, or Section 5 of the
UFCA, or (c) leaving such Loan Party unable to pay its debts as they become due within the meaning of Section 548 of the Bankruptcy
Code or Section 4 of the UFTA, or Section 5 of the UFCA.

9.21 No
Strict Construction. The parties hereto have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. In the
event an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the
parties hereto and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship of
any provisions of this Agreement.

127

9.22 Attachments.
The exhibits, schedules and annexes attached to this Agreement are incorporated herein and shall be considered a part of this Agreement
for the purposes stated herein, except that in the event of any conflict between any of the provisions of such exhibits and the provisions
of this Agreement, the provisions of this Agreement shall prevail.

9.23 Keepwell.
Each Loan Party that is a Qualified ECP Guarantor at the time the Facility Guaranty or the grant of a security interest under the
Loan Documents, in each case, by any Specified Loan Party becomes effective with respect to any Swap Obligation, hereby jointly and severally,
absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably undertakes to provide such funds or other support to each Specified Loan Party with respect
to such Swap Obligation as may be needed by such Specified Loan Party from time to time to honor all of its obligations under the Loan
Documents in respect of such Swap Obligation (but, in each case, only up to the maximum amount of such liability that can be hereby incurred
without rendering such Qualified ECP Guarantors obligations and undertakings under the Facility Guaranty voidable under applicable
Law relating to fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer, and not for any greater amount). The obligations and undertakings of each
Qualified ECP Guarantor under this Section shall remain in full force and effect until Payment in Full of the Obligations have been
indefeasibly paid and performed in full. Each Loan Party intends this Section to constitute, and this Section shall be deemed
to constitute, a guarantee of the obligations of, and a keepwell, support, or other agreement for the benefit of, each Specified
Loan Party for all purposes of the Commodity Exchange Act.

9.24 Electronic
Execution of Assignments and Certain Other Documents;
Electronic Records; Counterparts. This Agreement, any
Loan Document and any
otherCommunication, including Communications required to
be in writing, may be in the form of an Electronic Record and
may be executed using Electronic Signatures. The Borrowerand
the Lender agrees that any Electronic Signature on or
associated with any Communication shall be valid and binding on such Person to the same extent as a manual, original signature, and
that any Communication entered into by Electronic Signature, will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Person
enforceable against such Person in accordance with the terms thereof to the same extent as if a manually executed original signature
was delivered. Any Communication may be executed in as
many counterparts as necessary or convenient, including both paper and electronic counterparts,
but all such counterparts are one and the same Communication.
For the avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include, without
limitation, use or acceptance of a manually signed paper
Communication which has been converted intoelectronic form (such
as scanned into PDF format), or an electronically signed Communication converted into another format, for transmission, delivery
and/or retention. The Lender may, at its option, create one or more copies of any Communication in the form of an imaged Electronic
Record (Electronic Copy), which shall be deemed
created in the ordinary course of such Persons business, and destroy the original paper document. All Communications in the
form of an Electronic Record, including an Electronic Copy,shall
be considered an original for all purposes, and shall have the
same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper
record. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the
contrary, the
Lender is not under any obligation
to accept an Electronic Signature in any
form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by such
Person pursuant to procedures approved by it;
provided, further, without limiting the foregoing, (a) to
the extent the Lender has agreed to accept such Electronic
Signature, the Lender shall be entitled to rely on any such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower
without further verification and regardless of the appearance or form of such Electronic Signature, and (b) upon the request of
the Lender, Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by a manually executed counterpart.

128

.
The words execution, execute, signed, signature, and words of like import in or
related to thisAgreement, any Loan Documentorany otherdocumentto besignedin connection with this Agreement and thetransactions contemplated hereby
(includingwithout limitationAssignment and Assumptions, amendments
or other modifications, Committed Loan Notices, waivers and consents)shall be deemed toinclude
electronic signatures, the electronic matching of assignment terms and contract formations on electronic platforms approved by the Lender,
or the keeping of records inelectronic form, each ofwhich
shall beofthe same legal effect, validityorenforceability as amanually executed signature or the use of a paper-based
recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extentand as provided
for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic
Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act; provided that notwithstandinganything contained herein to the contrary the Lender isunder no obligation toagree to accept electronic signatures in any
form or in any format unless expressly agreed to bythe Lenderpursuant
to procedures approved by it.

The
Lender shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into the sufficiency, validity, enforceability, effectiveness
or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in
connection with the Lenders reliance on any Electronic
Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed .pdf or any other electronic means). The Lender shall be entitled to rely on, and shall incur
no liability under or in respect of this Agreement or
any other Loan Document by acting upon, any Communication (which writing may be a fax, any electronic message, Internet or intranet
website posting or other distribution or signed using an Electronic Signature) or any statement made to it orally or by telephone and
believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent or otherwise authenticated (whether or not such Person in fact meets the requirements
set forth in the Loan
Documents for being the maker thereof).

The
Borrower hereby waives (i) any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Agreement
and any other Loan Document based solely on the lack
of paper original copies of this Agreement and such other Loan Document, and (ii) waives any claim against the Lender and each Related
Party for any liabilities arising solely from the Lenders reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures, including any liabilities
arising as a result of the failure of the Loan Parties to
use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature.

Each
of the parties represents and warrants to the other parties that it has the corporate capacity and authority to execute this
Agreement and any other Communication
through electronic means and there are no restrictions on doing so in that partys constitutive documents.

129

9.25 Acknowledgement
Regarding Any Supported QFCs. To the extent that the Loan Documents
provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for any Swap Contract or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support,
QFC Credit Support, and each such QFC, a Supported QFC), the parties acknowledge and agree as
follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and
Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S.
Special Resolution Regimes) in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding
that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and/or of the
United States or any other state of the United States): in the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered
Party) becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit
of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights
in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the
transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest,
obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered
Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights
under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such
Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution
Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without
limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall
in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support.

9.26 Acknowledgement
and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions. Solely to the extent any Lender or L/C Issuer that is an Affected Financial
Institution is a party to this Agreement and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement,
arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Lender or L/C Issuer that
is an Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such
liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and
consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by:

(a)the
application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder
which may be payable to it by any Lender or L/C Issuer
that is an Affected Financial Institution; and

130

(b)the
effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable:

(i)a
reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability;

(ii)a
conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution,
its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other
instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with
respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any
other Loan Document; or

(iii)the
variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution
Authority.

[Signature Pages Follow]

131

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized
officers as of the date first above written.

BORROWER

CITI
TRENDS, INC.

By 

Name: 

Title: 

GUARANTORS 

CITI
TRENDS MARKETING SOLUTIONS, INC. 

By 

Name: 

Title: 

132
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ctrn-20250410.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ctrn-20250410_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ctrn-20250410_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 10, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 10, 2025

Entity File Number 000-41886

Entity Registrant Name Citi Trends, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001318484

Entity Tax Identification Number 52-2150697

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 104 Coleman Boulevard

Entity Address, City or Town Savannah

Entity Address, State or Province GA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 31408

City Area Code 912

Local Phone Number 236-1561

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common stock, $0.01 par value

Trading Symbol CTRN

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://cititrends.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ctrn-20250410.xsd 
ctrn-20250410_lab.xml 
ctrn-20250410_pre.xml 
tm2512374d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-035185-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>tm2512374d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001318484 

2025-04-10 
2025-04-10 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001318484 
8-K 
2025-04-10 
Citi Trends, Inc. 
DE 
000-41886 
52-2150697 
104 Coleman Boulevard 
Savannah 
GA 
31408 
912 
236-1561 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, $0.01 par value 
CTRN 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>