<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-002624.txt : 20250107
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-002624.hdr.sgml : 20250107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250107085900
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-002624
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250106
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CCC Intelligent Solutions Holdings Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001818201
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39447
		FILM NUMBER:		25513561

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		167 N. GREEN STREET
		STREET 2:		9TH FLOOR
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60607
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(800) 621-8070

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		167 N. GREEN STREET
		STREET 2:		9TH FLOOR
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60607

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Dragoneer Growth Opportunities Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200714
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d900396d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000181820100018182012025-01-062025-01-06

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): January 6, 2025

CCC Intelligent Solutions Holdings Inc.

(EXACT NAME OF REGISTRANT AS SPECIFIED IN CHARTER)

Delaware 001-39447 98-1546280

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

167 N. Green Street, 9th Floor

Chicago, IL60607

(Address of Principal Executive Offices, including Zip Code)

(800)621-8070

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if this Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share CCCS The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Introductory Note 

On January 6, 2025, CCC Intelligent Solutions Holdings Inc. (CCC or the Company) completed its previously announced acquisition (the Acquisition) of EvolutionIQ Inc., a Delaware corporation (EvolutionIQ), pursuant to that certain agreement and plan of merger and reorganization dated as of December 19, 2024, by and among the Company, EvolutionIQ, CCC Intelligent Solutions Inc., a Delaware corporation and an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of CCC (CCCIS), Edison Merger Sub I Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of CCCIS (Merger Sub I), Edison Merger Sub II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of CCCIS (Merger Sub II), and Shareholder Representative Services LLC, a Colorado limited liability company, solely in its capacity as the representative, agent and attorney-in-fact of the EvolutionIQ equityholders (the Merger Agreement). The events described in this Current Report on Form 8-K (this Current Report) are related to the closing of the Acquisition (the Closing). 

Item 1.01. 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

Credit Agreement Amendment 

On January 6, 2024, CCCIS, an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of CCC Intelligent Solutions Holdings, LLC (f/k/a CCC Intelligent Solutions Holdings, Inc.), together with certain of its subsidiaries acting as guarantors (the Subsidiary Guarantors) and Cypress Intermediate Holdings II LLC (f/k/a Cypress Intermediate Holdings II, Inc.) (Holdings acting as a parent guarantor (together with the Subsidiary Guarantors, the Guarantors), entered into the third amendment (the Amendment) to the Credit Agreement, dated as of September 21, 2021 (the Credit Agreement as amended from time to time, including by the Amendment, the Amended Credit Agreement), by and among CCCIS, Holdings, Bank of America, N.A. (Bank of America), as Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent and Swingline Lender, and each lender and issuing bank from time to time party thereto (the Lenders). 

Pursuant to the terms of the Amendment, CCCIS incurred incremental term loans in an aggregate principal amount of $225 million (the Incremental Term Loans). Subject to certain exceptions set forth in the Amended Credit Agreement, the obligations under the Amended Credit Agreement are guaranteed by the Guarantors and secured by a first-priority security interest in and lien on substantially all of the assets and all interests of the Guarantors. A portion of the net proceeds from the incurrence of the obligations under the Amended Credit Agreement were used to consummate the Acquisition. 

The maturity date of the Incremental Term Loans is the same as the existing term loans, which is September 21, 2028. 

The Incremental Term Loans are repayable in quarterly installments in an amount equal to 0.25% of the original principal amount of the Incremental Term Loans (subject to certain adjustments from time to time), with the balance payable at maturity. 

As of the Closing, the applicable interest rates for the Incremental Term Loans will be as follows: 

(1) 

1.50%, in the case of base rate loans, and 2.50%, in the case of SOFR (or Euribor or SONIA) loans, if the First Lien Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) is greater than 2.50:1.00, and 

(2) 

1.25%, in the case of base rate loans, and 2.25%, in the case of SOFR (or Euribor or SONIA) loans, if the First Lien Leverage Ratio is less than or equal to 2.50:1.00. 

The Amendment and the terms of the Incremental Term Loans are also subject to certain customary Market Flex provisions in the form of price protection upon syndication of the loan, which, if utilized, could alter certain of the terms outlined herein. 

The foregoing description of the Amendment is a summary only, does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, the full text of the Amendment, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report and is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 2.03. 

Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. 

The information provided in Item 1.01 of this Current Report is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 3.02. 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities. 

The information set forth in Item 8.01 of this Current Report regarding the Stock Consideration (as defined below) is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02. At the Closing, the Company issued shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock), comprising the Stock Consideration to the EvolutionIQ equityholders who are accredited investors in reliance on the exemption from registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), provided by Section 4(a)(2) thereof and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder. 

Item 7.01. 

Regulation FD Disclosure. 

On January 6, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the Closing. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report and is incorporated by reference herein. 

The information furnished pursuant to this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed to be filed for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and will not be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act unless specifically identified therein as being incorporated therein by reference. 

Item 8.01 

Other Events. 

As discussed in the Introductory Note, which is incorporated by reference into this Item 8.01, on January 6, 2025, the Company completed its previously announced Acquisition of EvolutionIQ pursuant to the Merger Agreement. The aggregate consideration delivered at the Closing consisted of approximately (i) $427.9 million in cash (as adjusted pursuant to the Merger Agreement) and (ii) 26,035,603 shares (the Stock Consideration) of the Companys Common Stock. A total of 10,356,096 shares of the Stock Consideration issued to certain members of EvolutionIQ management at the Closing are subject to vesting requirements and transfer restrictions. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, the Company has agreed to use reasonable best efforts to file a Resale Registration Statement on Form S-3 covering the resale of the shares issued as Stock Consideration no later than the fifth business day following the date of the Closing. 

2 

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits 

Exhibit

Number 

Description

10.1* Amendment No. 3 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of January 6, 2025, by and among, CCC Intelligent Solutions Inc., CCC Intelligent Solutions Holdings LLC (f/k/a CCC Intelligent Solutions Holdings Inc.), together with certain of its subsidiaries acting as guarantors, and Cypress Intermediate Holdings II LLC (f/k/a Cypress Intermediate Holdings II, Inc.) and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the lenders party thereto.

99.1 Press release dated January 6, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

* 

Certain confidential information has been excluded pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K. Such excluded information is not material and is the type that the Company treats as private or confidential. 

3 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

CCC Intelligent Solutions Holdings Inc.

Date: January 7, 2025 By: 

/s/ Brian Herb

Name: Brian Herb

Title: Executive Vice President, Chief Financial and Administrative Officer

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d900396dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

Execution Version 

AMENDMENT NO. 3 TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

THIS AMENDMENT NO. 3 TO CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Amendment), dated as of January 6, 2025, is entered into by and among
CYPRESS INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (f/k/a CYPRESS INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS II, INC., a Delaware corporation) (Holdings), CCC INTELLIGENT SOLUTIONS INC., a Delaware corporation (the
Borrower), the Subsidiary Guarantors party hereto, each Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loan Lender (as defined below) party hereto and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., in its capacities as administrative agent for the Lenders and
collateral agent for the Secured Parties (in such capacities and together with its successors and assigns, the Administrative Agent). 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS, the
Borrower, Holdings, the Lenders and Issuing Banks from time to time party thereto, the Administrative Agent and the Swingline Lender have entered into that certain Credit Agreement dated as of September 21, 2021 (as amended by that certain
Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement, dated of as May 19, 2023, as amended by that certain Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement, dated of as September 23, 2024 and as further amended, modified, extended, restated, replaced, or
supplemented from time to time, the Existing Credit Agreement; the Existing Credit Agreement as amended by this Amendment, the Amended Credit Agreement); 

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 2.22 of the Existing Credit Agreement, the Borrower will obtain Additional Term Loan Commitments (the
Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loan Commitments) from the Persons identified on Annex A hereto as the Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loan Lenders (the Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loan
Lenders) and each Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loan Lender has agreed, to provide Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loan Commitments on the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date in the amount set forth opposite the Amendment
No. 3 Incremental Term Loan Lenders name on Annex A hereto; 

WHEREAS, the Lenders party hereto (after giving effect to the
creation of the Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loan Commitments), hereby agree to make the changes below to the Existing Credit Agreement, in each case, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth below; 

WHEREAS, (i) the Borrower has advised the Administrative Agent that, on the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date, pursuant to the
Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization dated as of December 19, 2024 (together with all exhibits, annexes, schedules and other disclosure letters thereto, collectively, as modified, amended, supplemented, consented to or waived solely
in accordance with the terms hereof, the Merger Agreement), by and among, inter alios, CCC Intelligent Solutions Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation (Parent), the Borrower, Edison Merger Sub I, Inc., a
Delaware corporation (Merger Sub I), Edison Merger Sub II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Merger Sub II and, together with Merger Sub I, the Merger Subs), EvolutionIQ Inc., a
Delaware corporation (the Target) and Shareholder Representative Services LLC, a Colorado limited liability company, solely in its capacity as the representative, agent and attorney-in-fact of the Company Indemnitors (as defined
in the Merger Agreement), (i) Merger Sub I shall be merged with and into the Target and (ii) the Target shall merge with and into Merger Sub II (collectively, the Mergers) with Merger Sub II as the surviving limited
liability company and becoming a direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Borrower, and (ii) the proceeds of the Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loans, together with certain cash on hand at the Borrower (and its subsidiaries and
the Target (and its subsidiaries)), and other cash sources available to each of the foregoing entities will be applied (i) to pay a portion of the Total Merger Consideration (as defined in the Merger Agreement), (ii) to pay the fees and
expenses incurred in connection with the Mergers, (iii) to fund any OID or upfront fees (including pursuant to the Market Flex provisions in the Amendment No. 3 Fee 

Letter (as defined below)) and (iv) to the extent any proceeds remain thereafter, for working capital and other general corporate purposes not prohibited by the Amended Credit Agreement
(collectively with the Mergers, the Amendment No. 3 Transactions, and such fees and expenses, the Amendment No. 3 Transaction Costs); and 

WHEREAS, BofA Securities, Inc., Citibank, N.A., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. and Jefferies Finance LLC will
act as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners in respect of this Amendment (in such capacity, the Amendment No. 3 Arrangers). 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and agreements, provisions and covenants herein contains, the parties hereto agree as
follows: 

1. Defined Terms. Capitalized terms used herein but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings provided to such
terms in the Existing Credit Agreement or the Amended Credit Agreement, as applicable. 

2. Amendments to the Existing Credit
Agreement. Subject to the occurrence of the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date: 

Each of the parties hereto agrees that, effective on
the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date, the Existing Credit Agreement shall be amended to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: stricken text) and to add the double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following
example: double-underlined text) as set forth in the pages
of the Existing Credit Agreement attached as Exhibit A hereto. 

3. Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loans

(a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and pursuant to Section 2.22 of the Existing Credit Agreement, the Borrower, the
Administrative Agent, and each Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loan Lender agree that, on the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date, the Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loan Commitments of Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loan Lenders
shall become effective in the amounts set forth on Annex A hereto. Pursuant to Section 2.22 of the Credit Agreement, on and after the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date, the Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loan Commitments of each
Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loan Lender shall be Term Commitments, Additional Term Loan Commitments and Incremental Commitments for all purposes under the Amended Credit Agreement and each of the other Loan Documents and shall constitute
Term Commitments for all purposes of the Amended Credit Agreement. 

(b) The Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loan Lenders acknowledge
and agree that, on and as of the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date, each Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loan Lender shall be an Additional Term Lender, a Term Lender, and a Lender under, and for all purposes of, the Amended Credit Agreement
and the other Loan Documents, and shall be subject to and bound by the terms thereof, and shall perform all the obligations of and shall have all rights of a Lender thereunder. The Administrative Agent hereby consents to the addition of the
Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loan Lenders. 

(c) On and after the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date, this Amendment shall
constitute an Incremental Facility Amendment with respect to the Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loan Commitments for all purposes under the Amended Credit Agreement. The Administrative Agent and the Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loan
Lenders hereby agree that the notice requirements and conditions set forth in Section 2.22 of the Existing Credit Agreement have been satisfied with respect to the Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loan Commitments. 

2 

(d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Administrative Agent may amend or
modify any provision of the Amended Credit Agreement or the other Loan Documents solely to implement the Market Flex Provisions that the Majority Lead Arrangers (as defined in the Amendment No. 3 Fee Letter with references to
Incremental Term Facility Commitments therein being deemed references to Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loan Commitments on the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date immediately prior to the funding of the Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term
Loans) are then entitled to implement under the Amendment No. 3 Fee Letter, with the consent of the Majority Lead Arrangers and, in each case, such amendments and modifications shall become effective without any further action or consent of the
Borrower or any other Loan Party. The Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loan Lenders hereby expressly authorize the Administrative Agent to enter into any amendment to the Amended Credit Agreement or any Loan Document contemplated by the
preceding sentence. 

4. Representations and Warranties. On the date hereof, each Loan Party hereby represents and warrants to the
Administrative Agent and the Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loan Lenders that: 

(a) The representations and warranties of Holdings
and the other Loan Parties set forth in Article 3 of the Existing Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date; provided that to the extent
that any representation and warranty specifically refers to a given date or period, it is true and correct in all material respects as of such date or for such period; provided, however, that, any representation and warranty that is
qualified as to materiality, Material Adverse Effect or similar language is true and correct (after giving effect to any qualification therein) in all respects on such respective dates; and 

(b) As of the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date and immediately after giving effect to this Amendment, no Default or Event of Default has
occurred and is continuing. 

5. Conflict with Loan Documents. In the event of any conflict between the terms of this Amendment and
the terms of the Existing Credit Agreement or the other Loan Documents, the terms hereof shall control to the extent of such inconsistency. 

6. Effectiveness. This Amendment shall become immediately effective on the first date on which the following conditions are satisfied or
waived (such date being referred to as the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date): 

(a) Amendment Documents. The
Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received from the Borrower, Holdings, the Subsidiary Guarantors, and each Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loan Lender either (x) a counterpart of this Amendment signed on behalf of such
party or (y) written evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which may include telecopy or electronic transmission of a signed signature page of this Amendment) that such party has signed a counterpart of this Amendment.

(b) Fees and Expenses. The Amendment No. 3 Arrangers and the Administrative Agent shall have received (i) all fees
required to be paid on the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date pursuant to that certain Amended and Restated Incremental Term Facility Fee Letter, dated December 30, 2024, by and among the Amendment No. 3 Arrangers and the Borrower (the
Amendment No. 3 Fee Letter) and (ii) all expenses required to be reimbursed by the Borrower under Section 9.03 of the Existing Credit Agreement in connection with this Amendment for which invoices have been
presented at least three (3) Business Days prior to the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date or such later date to which the Borrower may agree (including the reasonable and documented fees and expenses of Cahill Gordon & Reindel LLP),
in each case on or before the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date. 

3 

(c) Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of Holdings
and the other Loan Parties set forth in Section 4 of this Amendment shall be true and correct as of the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date. 

(d) Know Your Customer Information. No later than three (3) Business Days in advance of the Amendment No. 3
Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall have received all documentation and other information reasonably requested with respect to Holdings or any Loan Party in writing by any Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loan Lender at least ten
(10) Business Days in advance of the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date (or such shorter period agreed to by the Borrower), which documentation or other information is required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your
customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act. 

(e) Borrowing Request. The
Administrative Agent shall have received a Borrowing Request as required by Section 2.03 of the Amended Credit Agreement with respect to the Loans to be made on the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date. 

(f) Legal Opinions. The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received, on behalf of itself and the Amendment No. 3
Incremental Term Loan Lenders, a customary written opinion of Kirkland & Ellis LLP, in its capacity as special counsel for the Loan Parties, dated the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date and addressed to the Administrative Agent and the
Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loan Lenders. 

(g) Secretarys Certificate and Good Standing Certificates. The
Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received (i) a certificate of Holdings and each applicable Loan Party, dated the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date and executed by a secretary, assistant secretary or other Responsible Officer
thereof, which shall (A) certify that (x) attached thereto is a true and complete copy of the certificate or articles of incorporation, formation or organization of Holdings or such Loan Party, as applicable, certified by the relevant
authority of its jurisdiction of organization, which certificate or articles of incorporation, formation or organization of Holdings or such Loan Party, as applicable, have not been amended (except as attached thereto) since the date reflected
thereon, (y) attached thereto is a true and correct copy of the by-laws or operating, management, partnership or similar agreement of Holdings or such Loan Party, as applicable, together with all amendments thereto as of the Amendment
No. 3 Effective Date and such by-laws or operating, management, partnership or similar agreement are in full force and effect and (z) attached thereto is a true and complete copy of the resolutions or written consent, as applicable, of its
board of directors, board of managers, sole member or other applicable governing body authorizing the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents, which resolutions or consent have not been modified, rescinded or amended (other than as attached
thereto) and are in full force and effect, and (B) identify by name and title and bear the signatures of the officers, managers, directors or authorized signatories of Holdings or such Loan Party, as applicable, authorized to sign the Loan
Documents to which Holdings or such Loan Party, as applicable, is a party and (ii) a good standing (or equivalent) certificate for Holdings or such Loan Party, as applicable, from the relevant authority of its jurisdiction of organization,
dated as of a recent date. 

(h) Solvency Certificate. The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received a certificate in
substantially the form of Exhibit P to the Existing Credit Agreement from the chief financial officer (or other officer with reasonably equivalent responsibilities) of the Borrower dated as of the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date and
certifying as to the matters set forth therein. 

4 

(i) Specified Merger Agreement Representations. The Specified Merger Agreement
Representations shall be true and correct and the Specified Representations shall be true and correct, in each case, in all material respects (except where such representations and warranties are already qualified by materiality, in which case such
representation and warranty shall be accurate in all respects). Specified Merger Agreement Representations shall mean such of the representations and warranties made by, or with respect to, the Target and its subsidiaries in the
Merger Agreement as are material to the interests of the Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loan Lenders, but only to the extent that the Borrower (or its affiliates) have the right (taking into account any applicable cure provisions) to
terminate its obligations under the Merger Agreement or decline to consummate the Mergers (in each case, in accordance with the terms thereof) as a result of a breach of any such representations and warranties in the Merger Agreement. 

(j) No Company Material Adverse Effect. Since the Agreement Date (as defined in and interpreted in accordance with the Merger
Agreement), there shall not have occurred any Company Material Adverse Effect (as defined in and interpreted in accordance with the Merger Agreement). 

(k) Consummation of the Mergers. The Mergers shall have been consummated, or substantially simultaneously with the initial borrowing of
the Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loans on the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date, in all material respects in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, after giving effect to any modifications, amendments, supplements, consents,
waivers or requests, other than those modifications, amendments, supplements, consents, waivers or requests (including the effects of any such requests) by the Borrower (or its affiliate) that are materially adverse to the interests of the Amendment
No. 3 Arrangers and the Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loan Lenders (it being understood that any modification, amendment, supplement, consent, waiver or request by the Borrower (or its affiliate) to the definition of Company Material
Adverse Effect (as defined in and interpreted in accordance with in the Merger Agreement) (or any component thereof) shall be deemed to be materially adverse to the interests of the Amendment No. 3 Arrangers and the Amendment No. 3
Incremental Term Loan Lenders), unless consented to in writing by the Amendment No. 3 Arrangers (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, denied, conditioned, delayed and provided that the Amendment No. 3 Arrangers and the Amendment
No. 3 Incremental Term Loan Lenders shall be deemed to have consented to such modification, amendment, supplement, consent, waiver or request unless they shall object thereto within three business days after written notice of such modification,
amendment, supplement, consent, waiver or request is delivered); provided that, without limiting any other rights and/or obligations of this Section 6, any modification, amendment, supplement, consent, waiver or required by the Borrower
(or its affiliate) under the Merger Agreement that results in (i) a reduction in the purchase price in an amount less than 15% of the total purchase price as of the Agreement Date (as defined in and interpreted in accordance with in the Merger
Agreement) or (ii) an increase in the purchase price that is funded solely with equity proceeds shall not, in either case, be deemed to be materially adverse to the interests of the Amendment No. 3 Arrangers and the Amendment No. 3
Incremental Term Loan Lenders. 

(l) Financial Statements. The Administrative Agent shall have received Financials (as defined in and
interpreted in accordance with in the Merger Agreement). 

(m) Officers Closing Certificate. The Administrative Agent (or its
counsel) shall have received a certificate from a Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying satisfaction of the condition precedent set forth in Section 6(c). 

For purposes of determining whether the conditions specified in this Section 6 have been satisfied on the Amendment No. 3 Effective
Date, by funding the Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loans hereunder, the Administrative Agent and the Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loan Lenders shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted, or to be satisfied with, each
document or other matter required hereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to the Administrative Agent or the Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loan Lenders, as the case may be. 

5 

7. Reaffirmation; No Novation.

(a) Each Loan Party hereby expressly acknowledges the terms of this Amendment and reaffirms, as of the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date,
(i) the covenants and agreements contained in each Loan Document to which it is a party, including, in each case, such covenants and agreements as in effect immediately after giving effect to this Amendment and the transactions contemplated
hereby and (ii) its guarantee of the Obligations under the Guarantee, as applicable, and its grant of Liens on the Collateral to secure the Obligations and the Secured Obligations pursuant to the Collateral Documents, with all such Liens
continuing in full force and effect after giving effect to this Amendment. 

(b) Each of the Loan Parties confirms, acknowledges and agrees
that the Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loan Lenders are Lenders and Secured Parties for all purposes under the Loan Documents. For the avoidance of doubt, each Loan Party hereby agrees that all references to
Obligations shall include any Term Loans made by the Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loan Lenders. All obligations of the Borrower under the Existing Credit Agreement shall remain obligations of the Borrower under the Amended
Credit Agreement. Each of the parties hereto confirms that the amendment of the Existing Credit Agreement pursuant to this Amendment shall not constitute a novation of the Existing Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document. 

8. Miscellaneous. 

(a)
This Amendment is a Loan Document executed pursuant to the Existing Credit Agreement and shall (unless otherwise expressly indicated herein) be construed, administered and applied in accordance with the terms and provisions thereof. 

(b) This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each of which when
so executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Amendment by facsimile transmission or electronic
transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Amendment and/or
any document to be signed in connection with this amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures (as defined below), deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be
of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including
the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. Electronic Signatures
means any electronic symbol or process attached to, or associated with, any contract or other record and adopted by a person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record. 

(c) Any provision of this Amendment held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, shall, as to such jurisdiction, be
ineffective to the extent of such illegality, invalidity or unenforceability without affecting the legality, validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof and the illegality, invalidity or unenforceability of a particular provision
in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

6 

(d) The terms of the Existing Credit Agreement with respect to governing law, submission to
jurisdiction, waiver of venue and waiver of jury trial are incorporated herein by reference, mutatis mutandis. 

9. Effect of
Amendment.

(a) Except as expressly set forth herein, this Amendment shall not by implication or otherwise limit, impair, constitute a
waiver of or otherwise affect the rights and remedies of the Lenders or the Agents under the Existing Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, and shall not alter, modify, amend or in any way affect any of the terms, conditions, obligations,
covenants or agreements contained in the Existing Credit Agreement or any other provision of the Existing Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, all of which are ratified and affirmed in all respects and shall continue in full force and
effect. 

(b) Each Person executing this Amendment in its capacity as a Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loan Lender shall be a
Lender, a Term Lender and an Additional Term Lender under the Amended Credit Agreement for all purposes of the Amended Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents and shall, in each case, be bound by the
provisions of the Amended Credit Agreement as a Lender holding Term Commitments, Additional Term Loan Commitments, Term Loans, and Additional Term Loans, as applicable, for all purposes of the Amended
Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

[remainder of page intentionally left blank] 

7 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be executed and
delivered by their respective duly authorized officers as of the date first above written. 

CCC INTELLIGENT SOLUTIONS INC., as the Borrower

By: 

/s/ Githesh Ramamurthy

Name: Githesh Ramamurthy

Title: Chief Executive Officer and Chairman

CYPRESS INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS II, LLC, as Holdings

By: 

/s/ Githesh Ramamurthy

Name: Githesh Ramamurthy

Title: Chief Executive Officer

SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS

CCCIS INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS INC.

By: 

/s/ Githesh Ramamurthy

Name: Githesh Ramamurthy

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to Amendment No. 3] 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.,

as Administrative Agent

By: 

/s/ Denise Jones

Name: Denise Jones

Title: Vice President

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.,

as an Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loan Lender

By: 

/s/ Patrick Clifford

Name: Patrick Clifford

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to Amendment No. 3] 

CITIBANK, N.A.,

as an Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loan Lender

By: 

/s/ Ioannis Theocharis

Name: Ioannis Theocharis

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to Amendment No. 3] 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.,

as an Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loan Lender

By: 

/s/ Peter B. Thauer

Name: Peter B. Thauer

Title: Managing Director

[Signature Page to Amendment No. 3] 

MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC.,

as an Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loan Lender

By: 

/s/ Andrew Doherty

Name: Andrew Doherty

Title: Authorized Signatory

[Signature Page to Amendment No. 3] 

JEFFERIES FINANCE LLC,

as an Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loan Lender

By: 

/s/ Brian Buoye

Name: Brian Buoye

Title: Managing Director

[Signature Page to Amendment No. 3] 

ANNEX A 

EXHIBIT A 

Amended Credit Agreement 

[See
attached] 

Published Deal CUSIP: 12511BAA0 

Published Revolver CUSIP: 12511BAB8 

Published Term Loan CUSIP: 12511BAC6 

CREDIT AGREEMENT 

Dated as of
September 21, 2021, 

as amended by Amendment No. 1, dated as of May 19, 2023, and 

as further amended by Amendment No. 2, dated as of September 23, 2024 

as further
amended by Amendment No. 3, dated as of January 6, 2025

among 

CCC INTELLIGENT SOLUTIONS INC., 

as the Borrower, 

CYPRESS INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS II, LLC (f/k/a CYPRESS INTERMEDIATE
HOLDINGS II, INC.), 

as Holdings, 

THE FINANCIAL
INSTITUTIONS PARTY HERETO, 

as Lenders and Issuing Banks, 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., 

as
Administrative Agent and Swingline Lender, 

and 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., 

JPMORGAN
CHASE BANK, N.A., 

GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, 

CITIBANK, N.A., 

BARCLAYS BANK PLC,

CREDIT SUISSE LOAN FUNDING LLC, 

JEFFERIES FINANCE LLC, and 

MORGAN
STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC. 

as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

ARTICLE 1 

DEFINITIONS 

Section 1.01. Defined Terms 1 

Section 1.02. Classification of Loans and Borrowings 5759 

Section 1.03. Terms Generally 5759 

Section 1.04. Accounting Terms; GAAP 5860 

Section 1.05. Effectuation of Transactions 5961 

Section 1.06. Timing of Payment of Performance 5961 

Section 1.07. Times of Day 601 

Section 1.08. Currency Equivalents Generally 601 

Section 1.09. Cashless Rollovers 612 

Section 1.10. Certain Calculations and Tests 612 

Section 1.11. Divisions 623 

Section 1.12. Effect of Benchmark Transition Event 623 

Section 1.13. Interest Rates 645 

ARTICLE 2 

THE CREDITS 

Section 2.01. Commitments 645 

Section 2.02. Loans and Borrowings 646 

Section 2.03. Requests for Borrowings 656 

Section 2.04. Swingline Loans 667 

Section 2.05. Letters of Credit 669 

Section 2.06. [Reserved] 723 

Section 2.07. Funding of Borrowings 723 

Section 2.08. Type; Interest Elections 724 

Section 2.09. Termination and Reduction of Commitments 735 

Section 2.10. Repayment of Loans; Evidence of Debt 745 

Section 2.11. Prepayment of Loans 757 

Section 2.12. Fees 7981 

Section 2.13. Interest 812 

Section 2.14. Alternate Rate of Interest 823 

Section 2.15. Increased Costs 824 

Section 2.16. Break Funding Payments 835 

Section 2.17. Taxes 845 

Section 2.18. Payments Generally; Allocation of Proceeds; Sharing of Payments 8788 

Section 2.19. Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders 8890 

Section 2.20. Illegality 891 

Section 2.21. Defaulting Lenders 902 

Section 2.22. Incremental Credit Extensions 924 

Section 2.23. Extensions of Loans and Revolving Credit Commitments 9798 

ARTICLE 3 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

Section 3.01. Organization; Powers 99101 

Section 3.02. Authorization; Enforceability 99101 

-i- 

Page 

Section 3.03. Governmental Approvals; No Conflicts 99101 

Section 3.04. Financial Condition; No Material Adverse Effect 1001 

Section 3.05. Properties 1001 

Section 3.06. Litigation and Environmental Matters 1002 

Section 3.07. Compliance with Laws 1012 

Section 3.08. Investment Company Status 1012 

Section 3.09. Taxes 1012 

Section 3.10. ERISA 1012 

Section 3.11. Disclosure 1013 

Section 3.12. Solvency 1013 

Section 3.13. Subsidiaries 1023 

Section 3.14. Security Interest in Collateral 1023 

Section 3.15. Labor Disputes 1024 

Section 3.16. Federal Reserve Regulations 1024 

Section 3.17. OFAC; PATRIOT ACT and FCPA 1024 

ARTICLE 4 

CONDITIONS 

Section 4.01. Closing Date 1034 

Section 4.02. Each Credit Extension 1057 

ARTICLE 5 

AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 

Section 5.01. Financial Statements and Other Reports 1067 

Section 5.02. Existence 10810 

Section 5.03. Payment of Taxes 10810 

Section 5.04. Maintenance of Properties 10910 

Section 5.05. Insurance 10910 

Section 5.06. Inspections 10910 

Section 5.07. Maintenance of Book and Records 1101 

Section 5.08. Compliance with Laws 1101 

Section 5.09. Environmental 1101 

Section 5.10. Designation of Subsidiaries 1102 

Section 5.11. Use of Proceeds 1112 

Section 5.12. Covenant to Guarantee Obligations and Give Security 1112 

Section 5.13. Maintenance of Ratings 1123 

Section 5.14. Further Assurances 1123 

Section 5.15. Post-Closing Covenant 1124 

ARTICLE 6 

NEGATIVE COVENANTS 

Section 6.01. Indebtedness 1134 

Section 6.02. Liens 1198 

Section 6.03. [Reserved] 1213 

Section 6.04. Restricted Payments; Restricted Debt Payments 1223 

Section 6.05. Burdensome Agreements 1256 

Section 6.06. Investments 12628 

Section 6.07. Fundamental Changes; Disposition of Assets 12931 

Section 6.08. [Reserved] 1324 

-ii- 

Page 

Section 6.09. Transactions with Affiliates 1324 

Section 6.10. Conduct of Business 1345 

Section 6.11. Amendments of or Waivers with Respect to Restricted Debt 1345 

Section 6.12. Fiscal Year 1346 

Section 6.13. Permitted Activities of Holdings 1356 

Section 6.14. Financial Covenant 1356 

ARTICLE 7 

EVENTS OF DEFAULT 

Section 7.01. Events of Default 13637 

ARTICLE 8 

THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 

Section 8.01. Agents 1409 

Section 8.02. Erroneous Payments 1456 

ARTICLE 9 

MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 9.01. Notices 1456 

Section 9.02. Waivers; Amendments 14849 

Section 9.03. Expenses; Indemnity 1545 

Section 9.04. Waiver of Claim 1556 

Section 9.05. Successors and Assigns 1566 

Section 9.06. Survival 1633 

Section 9.07. Electronic Execution; Electronic Records; Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness 1634 

Section 9.08. Severability 1645 

Section 9.09. Right of Setoff 1645 

Section 9.10. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process 1645 

Section 9.11. Waiver of Jury Trial 1656 

Section 9.12. Headings 1656 

Section 9.13. Confidentiality 1666 

Section 9.14. No Fiduciary Duty 16667 

Section 9.15. Several Obligations 1667 

Section 9.16. USA PATRIOT Act 168 

Section 9.17. Disclosure of Agent Conflicts 1668 

Section 9.18. Appointment for Perfection 1668 

Section 9.19. Interest Rate Limitation 1668 

Section 9.20. [Reserved] 16868 

Section 9.21. Conflicts 16868 

Section 9.22. Release of Guarantors 16868 

Section 9.23. [Reserved] 16869 

Section 9.24. Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 16869 

Section 9.25. Acknowledgment Regarding any Supported QFCs 16969 

-iii- 

SCHEDULES: 

Schedule 1.01(a) Commitment Schedule

Schedule 1.01(b) Dutch Auction

Schedule 1.01(c) Existing Letters of Credit

Schedule 3.13 Subsidiaries

Schedule 5.10 Unrestricted Subsidiaries

Schedule 5.15 Post-Closing Items

Schedule 6.01 Existing Indebtedness

Schedule 6.02 Existing Liens

Schedule 6.06 Existing Investments

Schedule 9.01 Borrowers Website Address for Electronic Delivery

EXHIBITS: 

Exhibit A-1 Form of Affiliated Lender Assignment and Assumption

Exhibit A-2 Form of Assignment and Assumption

Exhibit B Form of Borrowing Request

Exhibit C-1 Form of Intellectual Property Security Agreement

Exhibit C-2 Form of Intellectual Property Security Agreement Supplement

Exhibit D Form of Compliance Certificate

Exhibit E-1 Form of First Lien Intercreditor Agreement

Exhibit E-2 Form of Second Lien Intercreditor Agreement

Exhibit F [Reserved]

Exhibit G [Reserved]

Exhibit H Form of Interest Election Request

Exhibit I Form of Guaranty Agreement

Exhibit J Form of Perfection Certificate

Exhibit K Form of Perfection Certificate Supplement

Exhibit L Form of Promissory Note

Exhibit M Form of Pledge and Security Agreement

Exhibit N Form of Letter of Credit Request

Exhibit O-1 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Lenders That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)

Exhibit O-2 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Participants That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)

Exhibit O-3 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Lenders That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)

Exhibit O-4 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Participants That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)

Exhibit P Form of Solvency Certificate

-iv- 

CREDIT AGREEMENT 

CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of September 21, 2021 (this Agreement), by and among CCC Intelligent Solutions Inc. (the
Borrower), Cypress Intermediate Holdings II,
Inc.LLC (f/k/a
Cypress Intermediate Holdings II, Inc.), a Delaware corporationlimited liability company (Holdings), the Lenders and
Issuing Banks from time to time party hereto, Bank of America, N.A. (BofA), in its capacities as administrative agent for the Lenders and collateral agent for the Secured Parties (in such capacities and together with its
successors and assigns, the Administrative Agent), as Swingline Lender, and Bank of America, N.A., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Goldman Sachs Bank USA, Citibank, N.A., Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., Credit Suisse Loan Funding
LLC, Jefferies Finance LLC and Barclays Bank PLC, as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners (in such capacities, the Arrangers). 

RECITALS 

A. The Borrower has
requested that the Lenders extend credit under this Agreement in the form of (x) Initial Term Loans in an original aggregate principal amount equal to $800,000,000 and (y) a Revolving Facility with an available amount of $250,000,000. 

B. On the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date, the Revolving Lenders party to Amendment No. 2 extended the Initial Revolving Credit
Maturity Date of the Initial Revolving Facility and the Additional Extended Revolving Credit Commitment Lender committed to provide Additional Extended Revolving Credit Commitments. 

C The
Borrower has requested that the Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loan Lenders make the Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loans to the Borrower on the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date immediately following the effectiveness thereof to the
Borrower.

CD. The Lenders
areon the
Closing were, and the Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loan Lenders on the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date are, willing to extend such credit to the Borrower on the terms and subject to
the conditions set forth herein. Accordingly, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

ARTICLE 1 

DEFINITIONS 

Section 1.01.
Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified below: 

ABR, when used
in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, bear interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate. 

Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement means, with respect to any Indebtedness: 

(a) that is secured on a pari passu basis with the Initial Term Loans or Initial Revolving Credit Commitments, a First Lien
Intercreditor Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit E-1, with (i) any immaterial changes (as determined in the Administrative Agents sole discretion) thereto as the Borrower and the Administrative Agent may agree in their
respective reasonable discretion and/or (ii) any material changes thereto as the Borrower and the Administrative Agent may agree in their respective reasonable discretion, which material changes are posted for review by the Lenders and deemed
acceptable if the Required Lenders have not objected thereto within five Business Days following the date on which such changes are posted for review; 

(b) that is junior to the Initial Term Loans or Initial Revolving Credit Commitments in right of security, an intercreditor agreement
substantially in the form of Exhibit E-2, in each case, with (A) any immaterial changes (as determined in the Administrative Agents sole discretion) thereto as the Borrower and the Administrative Agent may agree in their respective
reasonable discretion and/or (B) any material changes thereto as the Borrower and the Administrative Agent may agree in their respective reasonable discretion, which material changes are posted for review by the Lenders and deemed acceptable if
the Required Lenders have not objected thereto within five Business Days following the date on which such changes are posted for review; and/or 

1 

(c) other than under clauses (a) and (b) above, any other
intercreditor or subordination agreement or arrangement (which may take the form of a waterfall or similar provision), as applicable, the terms of which are (i) consistent with market terms (as determined by the Borrower and the
Administrative Agent in good faith) governing arrangements for the sharing and/or subordination of liens and/or arrangements relating to the distribution of payments, as applicable, at the time the relevant intercreditor agreement is proposed to be
established in light of the type of Indebtedness subject thereto and/or (ii) reasonably acceptable to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 

ACH means automated clearing house arrangements. 

Additional Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in Article 8. 

Additional Commitment means any commitment hereunder added pursuant to Sections 2.22 (including the Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loan Commitment),
2.23 or 9.02(c). 

Additional Extended Revolving Credit Commitments has the meaning assigned to
such term in Amendment No. 2. 

Additional Extended Revolving Credit Commitment Lender has the meaning assigned to
such term in Amendment No. 2. 

Additional Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 2.22(b). 

Additional Loans means any Additional Revolving Loans and any Additional Term Loans. 

Additional Revolving Credit Commitments means any revolving credit commitment added pursuant to Sections 2.22,
2.23 or 9.02(c)(ii). 

Additional Revolving Credit Exposure means, with respect to any Lender at any time,
the aggregate Outstanding Amount at such time of all Additional Revolving Loans of such Lender, plus the aggregate outstanding amount at such time of such Lenders LC Exposure and Swingline Exposure, in each case, attributable to its
Additional Revolving Credit Commitment. 

Additional Revolving Lender means any Lender with an Additional Revolving
Credit Commitment or any Additional Revolving Credit Exposure. 

Additional Revolving Loans means any revolving loan
added hereunder pursuant to Section 2.22, 2.23 or 9.02(c)(ii). 

Additional Term Lender means
any Lender with an Additional Term Loan Commitment or an outstanding Additional Term Loan. 

Additional Term Loan
Commitment means any term commitment added pursuant to Sections 2.22 (including the Amendment
No. 3 Incremental Term Loan Commitment), 2.23 or 9.02(c)(i). 

Additional Term Loans means any term loan added pursuant to Section 2.22 (including, as the context requires, the Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loans), 2.23 or 9.02(c)(i). 

Adjustment Date means the date of
delivery of financial statements required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or Section 5.01(b), as applicable. 

Administrative Agent has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble to this Agreement. 

Administrative Agents Office means, with respect to Dollars, the Administrative Agents address and, as
appropriate, account specified in the Credit Agreement with respect to Dollars, or such other address or account with respect to Dollars as the Administrative Agent may from time to time notify the Borrower and the Lenders. 

2 

Administrative Questionnaire has the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 2.22(d). 

Advent means Advent International Corporation. 

Adverse Proceeding means any action, suit, proceeding (whether administrative, judicial or otherwise), governmental
investigation or arbitration (whether or not purportedly on behalf of Holdings, the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) at law, in equity or in arbitration, or before or by any Governmental Authority, domestic or foreign (including any
Environmental Claim), whether pending or, to the knowledge of Holdings, the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, threatened in writing, against or affecting Holdings, the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any property of
Holdings, the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries. 

Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA
Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 

Affiliate means, as applied to any Person, any other
Person directly or indirectly Controlling, Controlled by, or under common Control with, that Person. No Person shall be an Affiliate solely because it is an unrelated portfolio company of the Sponsor and none of the Administrative Agent,
the Arrangers, any Lender (other than any Affiliated Lender or any Debt Fund Affiliate) or any of their respective Affiliates shall be considered an Affiliate of Holdings or any subsidiary thereof. For purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan
Documents, Jefferies LLC and its Affiliates shall be deemed to be Affiliates of Jefferies Finance LLC and its Affiliates.

Affiliated Lender means any Non-Debt Fund Affiliate, Holdings, the Borrower and/or any Subsidiary of the Borrower. 

Affiliated Lender Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an Affiliated
Lender (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 9.05) and accepted by the Administrative Agent in the form of Exhibit A-1 or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower.

Affiliated Lender Cap has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.05(g)(iv). 

Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble to this Credit Agreement. 

Alternate Base Rate means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate
in effect on such day plus 0.50%, (b) Term SOFR plus 1.00%, (c) the Prime Rate, (d) solely with respect to Initial
Term Loans and the Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loans,
1.50% and (e) solely with respect to the Initial Revolving Loans, 1.00%. Any change in the Alternate Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Effective Rate or Term SOFR, as the case may be, shall be effective from and
including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Effective Rate or Term SOFR, as the case may be. If the Alternate Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Sections 1.12 or
2.14 hereof, then the Alternate Base Rate shall be the greater of clauses (a) and (c) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (b) above. 

Amendment No. 1 means that certain Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement, dated as of the Amendment No. 1
Effective Date. 

Amendment No. 1 Effective Date means May 19, 2023. 

Amendment No. 2 means that certain Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement, dated as of the Amendment No. 2
Effective Date. 

Amendment No. 2 Effective Date means September 23, 2024. 

Amendment No. 3 means that certain Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement, dated as of the Amendment
No. 2 Effective Date.

3 

Amendment No. 3 Effective Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Amendment No. 3.

Amendment No. 3 Fee Letter means that certain Amended and Restated Incremental Term Facility Fee Letter,
dated as of December 30, 2024, among the Borrower and each Lender party thereto. 

Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loan Commitment means, as to each Lender, its obligation to make
Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loans to the Borrower pursuant to Amendment No. 3 in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such Lenders name on Schedule 1 to Amendment No. 3. 

Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loan Lenders means, at any time, any Lender that has Amendment
No. 3 Incremental Term Loan Commitments or Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loans at such time .

Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loans means a Loan made under the Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term
Loan Commitments pursuant to Amendment No. 3 and Section 2.01(c).

Amendment
No. 3 Transactions has the meaning assigned to such term in Amendment No. 3.

Amendment No. 3 Transaction Costs has the meaning assigned to such term in Amendment No. 3.

Applicable Currency means Dollars, British Pounds Sterling and
Euro. 

Applicable Percentage means, (a) with respect to any Term Lender of any Class, a percentage equal to a
fraction the numerator of which is the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans and unused Additional Term Loan Commitments of such Term Lender under the applicable Class and the denominator of which is the aggregate outstanding
principal amount of the Term Loans and unused Term Commitments of all Term Lenders under the applicable Class and (b) with respect to any Revolving Lender of any Class, the percentage of the aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Commitments
of such Class represented by such Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment of such Class; provided that for purposes of Section 2.21 and otherwise herein (except with respect to Section 2.11(a)(ii)), when there is a
Defaulting Lender, such Defaulting Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment shall be disregarded for any relevant calculation. In the case of clause (b), in the event that the Revolving Credit Commitments of any Class have expired or been
terminated, the Applicable Percentage of any Revolving Lender of such Class shall be determined on the basis of the Revolving Credit Exposure of such Revolving Lender attributable to its Revolving Credit Commitment of such Class, giving effect to
any assignment thereof. 

Applicable Rate means, for any day, with respect to: 

(a) any Initial Term
Loans and any Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loans, the
rate per annum applicable to the relevant Class of Loans set forth below under the caption ABR Spread for Initial Term Loans or Term SOFR Spread for Initial Term Loans, as applicable: 

First Lien Leverage Ratio ABR Spread for

Initial Term Loans and

Amendment
No. 3

Incremental Term Loans Term SOFR Spread

for Initial Term Loans

and Amendment No.
3

Incremental Term Loans 

Category 1 

Greater than 2.50:1.00 1.50 % 2.50 % 

Category 2 

Less than or equal to 2.50:1.00 1.25 % 2.25 % 

4 

(b) any Initial Revolving Loan (including any Initial Revolving Loans extended pursuant to,
and outstanding immediately after giving effect, Amendment No. 2 (including Initial Revolving Loans pursuant to the Additional Extended Revolving Credit Commitments)), the rate per annum applicable to the relevant Class of Loans set forth below
under the caption ABR Spread for Initial Revolving Loans (including Swingline Loans) or LIBO Rate, Term SOFR and Daily Simple RFR Spread for Initial Revolving Loans, as applicable: 

First Lien Leverage Ratio ABR Spread for Initial

Revolving Loans

(including

Swingline Loans) LIBO Rate, Term SOFR

and Daily Simple RFR

Spread for Initial

Revolving Loans 

Category 1 

Greater than 2.50:1.00 1.25 % 2.25 % 

Category 2 

Less than or equal to 2.50:1.00 and greater than 2.00:1.00 1.00 % 2.00 % 

Category 3 

Less than or equal to 2.00:1.00 0.75 % 1.75 % 

(c) any Swingline Loan (including any Swingline Loans extended pursuant to, and outstanding immediately after
giving effect, Amendment No. 2), the rate per annum applicable to the relevant Class of Loans set forth under the caption ABR Spread for Initial Revolving Loans (including Swingline Loans), as the case may be, based upon the First
Lien Leverage Ratio; 

provided that in the case of clause (a) above, until the first Adjustment Date following the
completion of the first full Fiscal Quarter ended after the Closing Date, the Applicable Rate for any Initial Term
Loans and for any Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loans
shall be the applicable rate per annum set forth in such clause above in the corresponding Category 1; provided further that in each case of clauses (b) and
(c) above, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, until the first Adjustment Date following the completion of the first full Fiscal Quarter ended after the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date, the Applicable
Rate for any Revolving Loan or Swingline Loan (including, any Revolving Loan or Swingline Loan extended pursuant to, and outstanding immediately after giving effect, Amendment No. 2 (including Initial Revolving Loans pursuant to the
Additional Extended Revolving Credit Commitments)) shall be the applicable rate per annum set forth in such clause above in the corresponding Category 3. 

The Applicable Rate shall be adjusted quarterly on a prospective basis on each Adjustment Date based upon the First Lien Leverage Ratio in
accordance with the table above; provided that if financial statements are not delivered when required pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b), as applicable, the Applicable Rate for any Initial Term Loan, Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loans, Initial Revolving Loan or
Swingline Loan shall be the rate per annum set forth above in Category 1 until such financial statements are delivered in compliance with Section 5.01(a) or (b), as applicable. The Applicable Rate for any Term Loans or Revolving
Loans of any Class other than the Initial Term Loans, the Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term
Loans, and Initial Revolving Loans shall be as set forth in the documentation relating to such other Class. 

Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage means, with respect to any Revolving Lender at any time, the percentage of the Total
Revolving Credit Commitment at such time represented by such Revolving Lenders Revolving Credit Commitments at such time; provided that for purposes of Section 2.21, when there is a Defaulting Lender, any such Defaulting
Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment shall be disregarded in the relevant calculations. In the event that (a) the Revolving Credit Commitments of any Class have expired or been terminated in accordance with the terms hereof (other than
pursuant to Article 7), the Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage shall be recalculated without giving effect to the Revolving Credit Commitments of such Class or (b) the Revolving Credit Commitments of all Classes have terminated (or
the Revolving Credit Commitments of any Class have terminated pursuant to Article 7), the Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage shall be determined based upon the Revolving Credit Commitments (or the Revolving Credit Commitments of such
Class) most recently in effect, giving effect to any assignments thereof. 

Approved Fund means, with respect to any
Lender, any Person (other than a natural person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its activities and is administered, advised or
managed by (a) such Lender, (b) any Affiliate of such Lender or (c) any entity or any Affiliate of any entity that administers, advises or manages such Lender. 

5 

Arrangers has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble to this
Agreement. 

Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an assignee (with
the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 9.05), and accepted by the Administrative Agent in the form of Exhibit A-2 or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower. 

Available Amount means, at any time, an amount equal to, without duplication: 

(a) the sum of: 

(i) the greater of $94,000,000 and 40% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA as of the end of the most recently ended Test Period;
plus

(ii) the Retained Excess Cash Flow Amount (provided that the Retained Excess Cash Flow Amount shall not
be available for any Restricted Payment pursuant to Section 6.04(a)(iii)(A) or Restricted Debt Payment pursuant to Section 6.04(b)(vi)(A) unless no Event of Default under Section 7.01(a), (f) or
(g) exists at the time of declaration of such Restricted Payment or the time of delivery of irrevocable notice with respect to such Restricted Debt Payment, as applicable; plus

(iii) the amount of any capital contribution in respect of Qualified Capital Stock or the proceeds of any issuance of Qualified
Capital Stock after the Closing Date (other than any amounts (x) constituting a Cure Amount, an Available Excluded Contribution Amount or a Contribution Indebtedness Amount, (y) received from the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or
(z) consisting of the proceeds of any loan or advance made pursuant to Section 6.06(h)(ii)) received as Cash equity by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, plus the fair market value, as reasonably determined by the
Borrower, of Cash Equivalents, marketable securities or other property received by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary as a capital contribution in respect of Qualified Capital Stock or in return for any issuance of Qualified Capital Stock
(other than any amounts (x) constituting a Cure Amount, an Available Excluded Contribution Amount or a Contribution Indebtedness Amount or (y) received from the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary), in each case, during the period from
and including the day immediately following the Closing Date through and including such time; plus

(iv) the
aggregate principal amount of any Indebtedness or Disqualified Capital Stock, in each case, of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary issued after the Closing Date (other than Indebtedness or such Disqualified Capital Stock issued to the Borrower
or any Restricted Subsidiary), which has been converted into or exchanged for Capital Stock of the Borrower, any Restricted Subsidiary or any Parent Company that does not constitute Disqualified Capital Stock, together with the fair market value of
any Cash Equivalents and the fair market value (as reasonably determined by the Borrower) of any assets received by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary upon such exchange or conversion, in each case, during the period from and including the
day immediately following the Closing Date through and including such time; plus

(v) the net proceeds received by
the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary during the period from and including the day immediately following the Closing Date through and including such time in connection with the Disposition to any Person (other than the Borrower or any Restricted
Subsidiary) of any Investment made pursuant to Section 6.06(r)(i); plus

(vi) to the extent not already
reflected as a return of capital with respect to such Investment for purposes of determining the amount of such Investment (pursuant to the definition thereof), the proceeds received by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary during the period
from and including the day immediately following the Closing Date through and including such time in connection with Cash returns, Cash profits, Cash distributions and similar Cash amounts, including Cash principal repayments and interest payments
of loans, in each case received in respect of any Investment made after the Closing Date pursuant to Section 6.06(r)(i); plus

6 

(vii) an amount equal to the sum of (A) the amount of any Investments
by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to Section 6.06(r)(i) in any Unrestricted Subsidiary (in an amount not to exceed the original amount of such Investment) that has been re-designated as a Restricted Subsidiary or has
been merged, consolidated or amalgamated with or into, or is liquidated, wound up or dissolved into, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary and (B) the fair market value (as reasonably determined by the Borrower) of the assets of any
Unrestricted Subsidiary that have been transferred, conveyed or otherwise distributed (in an amount not to exceed the original amount of the Investment pursuant to Section 6.06(r)(i) in such Unrestricted Subsidiary) to the Borrower or
any Restricted Subsidiary, in each case, during the period from and including the day immediately following the Closing Date through and including such time; plus

(viii) the amount of any Declined Proceeds; minus

(b) an amount equal to the sum of (i) Restricted Payments made pursuant to Section 6.04(a)(iii)(A),
plus (ii) Restricted Debt Payments made pursuant to Section 6.04(b)(vi)(A), plus (iii) Investments made pursuant to Section 6.06(r)(i), plus (iv) the amount of Liens and Indebtedness
incurred and Investments and Restricted Debt Payments made in reliance on the portion of the Available RP Capacity Amount arising from the ability to make Restricted Payments pursuant to Section 6.04(a)(iii)(A) plus (v) the amount of
Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 6.01(v) plus (vi) the amount of Liens incurred pursuant to Section 6.01(t) (unless securing Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 6.01(v)), in each case,
after the Closing Date and prior to such time or contemporaneously therewith. 

Available Excluded Contribution Amount
means the aggregate amount of Cash or Cash Equivalents or the fair market value of other assets (as reasonably determined by the Borrower, but excluding any Cure Amount) received by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries after the
Closing Date from: 

(a) contributions in respect of Qualified Capital Stock of the Borrower (other than any amounts
received from any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower), and 

(b) the sale of Qualified Capital Stock of the Borrower
(other than (x) to any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower, (y) pursuant to any management equity plan or stock option plan or any other management or employee benefit plan or (z) with the proceeds of any loan or advance made
pursuant to Section 6.06(h)(ii)), 

in each case, designated as an Available Excluded Contribution Amount pursuant to a certificate of a
Responsible Officer on or promptly after the date on which the relevant capital contribution is made or the relevant proceeds are received, as the case may be, and which are excluded from the calculation of the Available Amount. 

Available RP Capacity Amount means the amount of Restricted Payments that may be made at the time of determination pursuant
to Sections 6.04(a)(ii), (a)(iii), (a)(vii), (a)(x) and (a)(xi), minus the sum of the amount of the Available RP Capacity Amount utilized by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to (A) make Restricted
Payments in reliance on Sections 6.04(a)(ii), (a)(iii), (a)(vii), (a)(x) and (a)(xi), (B) incur Liens pursuant to Section 6.02(hh) (other than as set forth therein with respect to Liens securing
Indebtedness incurred under Section 6.01(bb)), (C) make Investments pursuant to Section 6.06(x), (D) incur Indebtedness pursuant to Section 6.01(bb) and (E) make Restricted Debt Payments pursuant to
Section 6.04(b)(viii). 

Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the
applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 

Bail-In Legislation
means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation rule or requirement for such EEA Member
Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule
applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 

7 

Banking Services means each and any of the following bank services
provided to any Loan Party (a) under any arrangement that is in effect on the Closing Date between any Loan Party and a counterparty that is (or is an Affiliate of) the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Arranger as of the Closing Date,
(b) under any arrangement that is entered into on or after the Closing Date by any Loan Party with any counterparty that is (or is an Affiliate of) the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Arranger at the time such arrangement is entered
into or (c) under any arrangement that is in effect on the Closing Date or entered into after the Closing Date by any Loan Party with any counterparty designated as a Banking Services Bank by written notice executed by the Borrower
and such counterparty to the Administrative Agent in a form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent: commercial credit cards, stored value cards, purchasing cards, treasury management services, netting services, overdraft protections,
check drawing services, automated payment services (including depository, overdraft, controlled disbursement, ACH transactions, return items and interstate depository network services), employee credit card programs, cash pooling services and any
arrangements or services similar to any of the foregoing and/or otherwise in connection with Cash management and Deposit Accounts. 

Banking Services Obligations means any and all obligations of any Loan Party, whether absolute or contingent and however
and whenever created, arising, evidenced or acquired (including all renewals, extensions and modifications thereof and substitutions therefor), in connection with Banking Services, in each case, that have been designated to the Administrative Agent
in writing by the Borrower as being Banking Services Obligations for the purposes of the Loan Documents, it being understood that each counterparty thereto shall be deemed (A) to appoint the Administrative Agent as its agent under the
applicable Loan Documents and (B) to agree to be bound by the provisions of Article 8, Section 9.03 and Section 9.10 as if it were a Lender. 

Bankruptcy Code means Title 11 of the United States Code (11 U.S.C. 101 et seq.), as it has been, or may be,
amended, from time to time. 

Beneficial Ownership Certification shall mean a certification regarding beneficial
ownership or control as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 

Beneficial Ownership Regulation shall mean 31
C.F.R. 1010.230. 

Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the U.S. 

BofA has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble to this Credit Agreement. 

Bona Fide Debt Fund means any debt fund, investment vehicle, regulated bank entity or unregulated lending entity that is
primarily engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of business for financial investment purposes which is managed, sponsored or advised by any Person
controlling, controlled by or under common control with (a) any competitor of the Borrower and/or any of its subsidiaries or (b) any Affiliate of such competitor, but, in each case, with respect to which no personnel involved with any
investment in such Person or the management, control or operation of such Person (i) directly or indirectly makes, has the right to make or participates with others in making any investment decisions, or otherwise causing the direction of the
investment policies, with respect to such debt fund, investment vehicle, regulated bank entity or unregulated entity or (ii) has access to any information (other than information that is publicly available) relating to Holdings, the Borrower or
its subsidiaries or any entity that forms a part of any of their respective businesses; it being understood and agreed that the term Bona Fide Debt Fund shall not include any Person that is a Disqualified Lending Institution. 

Borrower means (a) CCC Intelligent Solutions Inc. and (b) any Successor Borrower. 

Borrower Materials has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.01(d). 

8 

Borrowing means any Loans of the same Type and Class made, converted or
continued on the same date and, in the case of LIBO Rate Loans, Term SOFR Loans and RFR Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect. 

Borrowing Request means a request by the Borrower for a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.03 and
substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B or such other form that is reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall
be approved by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. 

Business
Day means any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York City are authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided that (x) [reserved], (y) if such day relates to any
interest rate settings as to a LIBO Rate Loan denominated in Euro, any fundings, disbursements, settlements and payments in Euro in respect of any such LIBO Rate Loan, or any other dealings in Euro to be carried out pursuant to this Agreement in
respect of any such LIBO Rate Loan, means a Business Day that is also a TARGET Day and (z) if such day relates to any interest rate settings as to an RFR Loan, any fundings, disbursements, settlements and payments in respect of any such RFR
Loan, or any other dealings to be carried out pursuant to this Agreement in respect of any such RFR Loan, means any day except for a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banks are closed for general business in London. 

Capital Expenditures means, with respect to the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries for any period, the aggregate
amount, without duplication, of all expenditures (whether paid in cash or accrued as liabilities and including in all events all amounts expended or capitalized under Capital Leases) that would, in accordance with GAAP, are, or are required to be
included as, capital expenditures on the consolidated statement of cash flows for the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period. 

Capital Lease means, as applied to any Person, any lease of any property (whether real, personal or mixed) by that Person
as lessee that, in conformity with GAAP, is or should be accounted for as a capital lease on the balance sheet of that Person; provided, that for the avoidance of doubt, the amount of obligations attributable to any Capital Lease shall be the
amount thereof accounted for as a liability in accordance with GAAP. 

Capital Stock means any and all shares,
interests, participations or other equivalents (however designated) of capital stock of a corporation, any and all equivalent ownership interests in a Person (other than a corporation), including partnership interests and membership interests, and
any and all warrants, rights or options to purchase or other arrangements or rights to acquire any of the foregoing, but excluding for the avoidance of doubt any Indebtedness convertible into or exchangeable for any of the foregoing. 

Captive Insurance Subsidiary means any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower that is subject to regulation as an insurance
company (or any Restricted Subsidiary thereof). 

Cash means money, currency or a credit balance in any Deposit Account,
in each case determined in accordance with GAAP. 

Cash Equivalents means, as at any date of determination,
(a) readily marketable securities (i) issued or directly and unconditionally guaranteed or insured as to interest and principal by the U.S. government or (ii) issued by any agency or instrumentality of the U.S. the obligations of
which are backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S., in each case maturing within one year after such date and, in each case, repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase agreements relating thereto; (b) readily marketable direct
obligations issued by any state of the U.S. or any political subdivision of any such state or any public instrumentality thereof or by any foreign government, in each case maturing within one year after such date and having, at the time of the
acquisition thereof, a rating of at least A-2 from S&P or at least P-2 from Moodys (or, if at any time neither S&P nor Moodys shall be rating such obligations, an equivalent rating from another nationally recognized statistical
rating agency) and, in each case, repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase agreements relating thereto; (c) commercial paper maturing no more than one year from the date of creation thereof and having, at the time of the acquisition
thereof, a rating of at least A-2 from S&P or at least P-2 from Moodys (or, if at any time neither S&P nor Moodys shall be rating such obligations, an equivalent rating from another nationally recognized statistical rating
agency); (d) deposits, money market deposits, time deposit 

9 

accounts, certificates of deposit or bankers acceptances (or similar instruments) maturing within one year after such date and issued or accepted by any Lender or by any bank organized
under, or authorized to operate as a bank under, the laws of the U.S., any state thereof or the District of Columbia or any political subdivision thereof and that has capital and surplus of not less than $100,000,000 and, in each case, repurchase
agreements and reverse repurchase agreements relating thereto; (e) securities with maturities of six months or less from the date of acquisition backed by standby letters of credit issued by any commercial bank having capital and surplus of not
less than $100,000,000; (f) shares of any money market mutual fund that has (i) substantially all of its assets invested in the types of investments referred to in clauses (a) through (e) above, (ii) net assets
of not less than $250,000,000 and (iii) a rating of at least A-2 from S&P or at least P-2 from Moodys; and (g) solely with respect to any Captive Insurance Subsidiary, any investment that such Captive Insurance Subsidiary is not
prohibited to make in accordance with applicable law. 

The term Cash Equivalents shall also include (x) Investments of
the type and maturity described in clauses (a) through (g) above of foreign obligors, which Investments or obligors (or the parent companies thereof) have the ratings described in such clauses or equivalent ratings from
comparable foreign rating agencies and (y) other short-term Investments utilized by Foreign Subsidiaries in accordance with normal investment practices for cash management in Investments that are analogous to the Investments described in
clauses (a) through (g) and in this paragraph. 

Central Bank Rate means the Bank of
Englands Bank Rate as published by the Bank of England from time to time. 

Central Bank Rate Adjustment means, in
relation to the Central Bank Rate prevailing at close of business on any Business Day, the 20% trimmed arithmetic mean of the Central Bank Rate Spreads for the five (5) most immediately preceding Business Days for which Daily Simple RFR is
available. 

Central Bank Rate Spread means, in relation to any Business Day, the difference (expressed as a percentage
rate per annum) between (x) Daily Simple RFR for such Business Day and (y) the Central Bank Rate prevailing at close of business on such Business Day. 

CFC means a controlled foreign corporation within the meaning of Section 957 of the Code. 

CFC Holdco means any direct or indirect Domestic Subsidiary that has no material assets other than the Capital Stock or
Indebtedness of one or more Foreign Subsidiaries that are CFCs or CFC Holdcos. 

Change in Law means (a) the
adoption of any law, treaty, rule or regulation after the Closing Date, (b) any change in any law, treaty, rule or regulation or in the interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority after the Closing Date or
(c) compliance by any Lender or any Issuing Bank (or, for purposes of Section 2.15(b), by any lending office of such Lender or such Issuing Bank or by such Lenders or such Issuing Banks holding company, if any) with any
request, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority made or issued after the Closing Date (other than any such request, guideline or directive to comply with any law, rule or regulation that was in
effect on the Closing Date). For purposes of this definition and Section 2.15, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements and directives thereunder or issued
in connection therewith or in implementation thereof and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or
similar authority) or U.S. regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case described in clauses (a), (b) and (c) above, be deemed to be a Change in Law, regardless of the date enacted,
adopted, issued or implemented. 

Change of Control means the earliest to occur of: 

(a) the acquisition by any Person or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or Section 14(d)(2) of the
Exchange Act) (including any group acting for the purpose of acquiring, holding or disposing of Securities (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act), but excluding (i) any employee benefit plan and/or Person acting as the
trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator therefor and (ii) one or more Permitted Holders), of Capital Stock representing more than the greater of (x) 35% of the total voting power of all of the outstanding voting stock of
Holdings and (y) the percentage of the total voting power of all of the outstanding voting stock of Holdings owned, directly or indirectly, beneficially by the Permitted Holders; and 

10 

(b) the Borrower ceasing to be a direct or indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Holdings.

Charge means any fee, loss, charge, expense, cost, accrual or reserve of any kind. 

Charged Amounts has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.19. 

Class, when used with respect to (a) any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such
Borrowing, are Initial Term Loans, Amendment No. 3 Incremental
Term Loans, Additional Term Loans of any series established as a separate Class pursuant to Section 2.22, 2.23 or 9.02(c)(i), Initial Revolving Loans or
Additional Revolving Loans of any series established as a separate Class pursuant to Section 2.22, 2.23 or 9.02(c)(ii) or Swingline Loans, (b) any Commitment, refers to whether such Commitment is an Initial
Term Loan Commitment, an Amendment No. 3 Incremental
Term Loan Commitment, an Additional Term Loan Commitment of any series established as a separate Class pursuant to Section 2.22, 2.23 or 9.02(c)(i), an
Initial Revolving Credit Commitment or an Additional Revolving Credit Commitment of any series established as a separate Class pursuant to Section 2.22, 2.23 or 9.02(c)(ii) or a commitment to make Swingline
Loans, (c) any Lender, refers to whether such Lender has a Loan or Commitment of a particular Class and (d) any Revolving Credit Exposure, refers to whether such Revolving Credit Exposure is attributable to a Revolving Credit Commitment of
a particular Class. 

Closing Date means September 21, 2021, the date on which the conditions specified in
Section 4.01 were satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 9.02). 

Closing Date
Refinancing means the refinancing or repayment of all indebtedness for borrowed money (other than contingent indemnification, cash management, hedging and other similar obligations) under that certain First Lien Credit Agreement, dated as
of April 27, 2017 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time as of the date hereof, the Existing Credit Agreement), by and among Holdings, the Borrower, Jefferies Finance
LLC, as administrative agent, and the lenders from time to time party thereto (and termination of all related guarantees and security). 

CME means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited. 

Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 

Collateral means any and all property of any Loan Party subject (or purported to be subject) to a Lien under any Collateral
Document and any and all other property of any Loan Party, now existing or hereafter acquired, that is or becomes subject (or purported to be subject) to a Lien pursuant to any Collateral Document to secure the Secured Obligations. For the avoidance
of doubt, in no event shall Collateral include any Excluded Asset. 

Collateral and Guarantee Requirement
means, at any time, subject to (x) the applicable limitations set forth in this Agreement and/or any other Loan Document and (y) the time periods (and extensions thereof) set forth in Section 5.12, the requirement that the
Administrative Agent shall have received in the case of any Restricted Subsidiary that is required to become a Loan Party after the Closing Date (including by ceasing to be an Excluded Subsidiary): 

(i) (A) a joinder to the Loan Guaranty in substantially the form attached as an exhibit thereto, (B) a supplement to
the Security Agreement in substantially the form attached as an exhibit thereto, (C) if the respective Restricted Subsidiary required to comply with the requirements set forth in this definition pursuant to Section 5.12 owns
registrations of or applications for U.S. Patents, Trademarks, Copyrights, an Intellectual Property Security Agreement in substantially the form attached as Exhibit C-2 hereto, (D) a completed Perfection Certificate or Perfection
Certificate Supplement, as applicable, and a certificate of a type described in Section 4.01(d)(i) and (E) Uniform Commercial Code financing statements in appropriate form for filing in such jurisdictions as the Administrative Agent
may reasonably request; and 

11 

(ii) each item of Collateral that such Restricted Subsidiary is required to
deliver under the Security Agreement (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall be delivered within the time periods set forth in Section 5.12(a)); and 

(iii) in the event a Subsidiary that is organized in a jurisdiction other than the United States becomes a Guarantor, such Loan
Party shall grant a perfected lien on substantially all of its assets pursuant to an arrangement reasonably agreed between the Administrative Agent and the Borrower subject to customary limitations and exclusions in such jurisdiction as reasonably
agreed between the Administrative Agent and the Borrower. 

Collateral Documents means, collectively, (i) the
Security Agreement, (ii) [reserved], (iii) each Intellectual Property Security Agreement, (iv) any supplement to any of the foregoing delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to the definition of Collateral and Guarantee
Requirement, (v) the Perfection Certificate (including any Perfection Certificate delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to the definition of Collateral and Guarantee Requirement) and any Perfection Certificate
Supplement and (vi) each of the other instruments and documents pursuant to which any Loan Party grants (or purports to grant) a Lien on any Collateral as security for payment of the Secured Obligations. 

Commercial Letter of Credit means any Letter of Credit issued for the purpose of providing the primary payment mechanism in
connection with the purchase of any materials, goods or services by the Borrower or any of its subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business of such Person. 

Commercial Tort Claim has the meaning set forth in Article 9 of the UCC. 

Commitment means, with respect to each Lender, such Lenders Initial Term Loan Commitment, Initial Revolving Credit
Commitment and,
Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loan Commitment and any other Additional Commitment, as applicable, in effect as of such time. 

Commitment Fee Rate means, on any date (a) with respect to the Initial Revolving Credit Commitments, the applicable
rate per annum set forth below based upon the First Lien Leverage Ratio and (b) with respect to Additional Revolving Credit Commitments of any Class, the rate or rates per annum specified in the applicable Refinancing Amendment, Incremental
Facility Amendment or Extension Amendment; provided that until the first Adjustment Date following the completion of at least one full Fiscal Quarter after the Closing Date, the Commitment Fee Rate shall be the applicable rate per
annum set forth in Category 1: 

First Lien Leverage Ratio Commitment Fee Rate 

Category 1 

Greater than 2.50:1.00 0.50 % 

Category 2 

Equal to or less than 2.50:1.00 and greater than 2.00:1.00 0.375 % 

Category 3 

Equal to or less than 2.00:1.00 0.25 % 

The Commitment Fee Rate with respect to the Initial Revolving Credit Commitment shall be adjusted quarterly on a prospective
basis on each Adjustment Date based upon the First Lien Leverage Ratio in accordance with the table set forth above; provided that if financial statements are not delivered when required pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b),
as applicable, the Commitment Fee Rate shall be the rate per annum set forth above in Category 1 until such financial statements are delivered in compliance with Section 5.01(a) or (b), as applicable. 

Commitment Schedule means the Schedule attached hereto as Schedule 1.01(a). 

Commodity Exchange Act means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.). 

Communication means this Agreement, any Loan Document and any document, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice,
certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to any Loan Document. 

12 

Company Competitor means any competitor of the Borrower and/or any of its
Subsidiaries. 

Compliance Certificate means a Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of
Exhibit D. 

Confidential Information has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.13.

Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA means, with respect to any Person on a consolidated basis for any period, the sum of:

(a) Consolidated Net Income for such period; plus

(b) to the extent not otherwise included in the determination of Consolidated Net Income for such period, the amount of any
proceeds of any business interruption insurance policy in an amount representing the earnings for the applicable period that such proceeds are intended to replace (whether or not then received so long as such Person in good faith expects to receive
such proceeds within the next four Fiscal Quarters (it being understood that to the extent such proceeds are not actually received within such four Fiscal Quarter period, such proceeds shall be deducted in calculating Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA
for such Fiscal Quarters)); plus

(c) without duplication, those amounts which, in the determination of Consolidated
Net Income for such period, have been deducted for: 

(i) Consolidated Interest Expense; 

(ii) Charges related to any de novo facility, including construction, pre-opening and start-up period; 

(iii) Taxes paid and any provision for Taxes, including income, capital, federal, state, local, franchise and similar Taxes,
property Taxes, foreign withholding Taxes and foreign unreimbursed value added Taxes (including penalties and interest related to any such Tax or arising from any Tax examination, and including pursuant to any Tax sharing arrangement or as a result
of any intercompany distribution) of such Person paid or accrued during such period; 

(iv) (A) all depreciation,
amortization (including, without limitation, amortization of goodwill, software and other intangible assets), (B) all impairment Charges (including any bad debt expense) and (C) all asset write-offs and/or write-downs; 

(v) any earn-out and contingent consideration obligations (including to the extent accounted for as bonuses, compensation or
otherwise) incurred in connection with the Transactions and/or any acquisition and/or other Investment permitted under Section 6.06 which is paid or accrued during such period and in connection with any similar acquisition or other
Investment completed prior to the Closing Date and, in each case, adjustments thereof; 

(vi) any non-cash Charge, including
the excess of GAAP rent expense over actual cash rent paid during such period due to the use of straight line rent for GAAP purposes (provided that to the extent that any such non-cash Charge represents an accrual or reserve for any potential
cash item in any future period, (A) such Person may elect not to add back such non-cash Charge in the current period and (B) to the extent such Person elects to add back such non-cash Charge, the cash payment in respect thereof in such
future period shall be subtracted from Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA to such extent); 

(vii) any non-cash compensation Charge and/or any other non-cash Charge arising from the granting of any stock option or similar arrangement (including any profits interest), the granting of any stock appreciation right
and/or similar arrangement (including any repricing, amendment, modification, substitution or change of any such stock option, stock appreciation right, profits interest or similar arrangement); 

13 

(viii) (A) Transaction Costs, (B) Charges incurred (1) in
connection with any transaction (in each case, regardless of whether consummated), and whether or not permitted under this Agreement, including any incurrence, issuance or offering of Capital Stock or Indebtedness (including at any Parent Company),
any Investment, any acquisition, any Disposition, any recapitalization, any merger, consolidation or amalgamation, any option buyout or any repayment, redemption, refinancing, amendment or modification of Indebtedness (including any amortization or
write-off of debt issuance or deferred financing costs, premiums and prepayment penalties) or any similar transaction, and/or (2) in connection with the IPO, (C) the amount of any Charge that is actually reimbursed or reimbursable by third
parties pursuant to indemnification or reimbursement provisions or similar agreements or insurance; provided that in respect of any Charge that is added back in reliance on clause (C) above, the relevant Person in good faith
expects to receive reimbursement for such fee, cost, expense or reserve within the next four Fiscal Quarters (it being understood that to the extent any reimbursement amount is not actually received within such four Fiscal Quarter period, such
reimbursement amount shall be deducted in calculating Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for such Fiscal Quarters) and/or (D) Public Company Costs; 

(ix) any Charge or deduction that is associated with any Restricted Subsidiary and attributable to any non-controlling interest
and/or minority interest of any third party; 

(x) without duplication of any amount referred to in clause (b)
above, the amount of (A) any Charge to the extent that a corresponding amount is received in cash by such Person from a Person other than such Person or any Restricted Subsidiary of such Person under any agreement providing for reimbursement of
such Charge or (B) any Charge with respect to any liability or casualty event, business interruption or any product recall, (i) so long as such Person has submitted in good faith, and reasonably expects to receive payment in connection
with, a claim for reimbursement of such amounts under its relevant insurance policy (with a deduction in the applicable future period for any amount so added back to the extent not so reimbursed within the next four Fiscal Quarters) or
(ii) without duplication of amounts included in a prior period under clause (B)(i) above, to the extent such Charge is covered by insurance proceeds received in cash during such period (it being understood that if the amount
received in cash under any such agreement in any period exceeds the amount of Charge paid during such period then such excess amounts received may be carried forward and applied against any Charge in any future period); 

(xi) the amount of management, monitoring, consulting, transaction and advisory fees and related indemnities and expenses
(including reimbursements) pursuant to any sponsor management agreement and payments made to any Investor (and/or its Affiliates or management companies) for any financial advisory, financing, underwriting or placement services or in respect of
other investment banking activities and payments to outside directors of the Borrower or a Parent Company actually paid by or on behalf of, or accrued by, such Person or any of its subsidiaries; provided that such payment is permitted under
this Agreement; 

(xii) any Charge attributable to the undertaking and/or implementation of new initiatives, business
optimization activities, cost savings initiatives, cost rationalization programs, operating expense reductions and/or other synergies and/or similar initiatives and/or programs (including, without limitation, in connection with any integration,
restructuring or transition, any reconstruction, decommissioning, recommissioning or reconfiguration of fixed assets for alternative uses, any facility opening and/or pre-opening) including the following: any inventory optimization program and/or
any curtailment, any business optimization Charge, any restructuring Charge (including any Charge relating to any Tax restructuring), any Charge relating to the closure or consolidation of any facility (including but not limited to rent termination
costs, moving costs and legal costs), any systems implementation Charge, any severance Charge, any Charge relating to entry into a new market, any Charge relating to any strategic initiative, any signing Charge, any retention or completion bonus,
any expansion and/or relocation Charge, any Charge associated with any modification to any pension and post-retirement employee benefit plan, any software development Charge, any Charge associated with new systems design, any implementation Charge
and/or any project startup Charge, any Charge in connection with new operations, any Charge in connection with unused warehouse space, any Charge relating to a new contract, any consulting Charge and/or any corporate development Charge; plus

14 

(xiii) any Charge incurred or accrued in connection with any single or
one-time event, including, without limitation, in connection with (A) the IPO and/or any acquisition consummated after the Closing Date and/or (B) the closing, consolidation or reconfiguration of any facility during such period;
plus

(d) to the extent not included in Consolidated Net Income for such period, cash actually received (or any
netting arrangement resulting in reduced cash expenditures) during such period so long as the non-cash income or gain was deducted in the calculation of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA (including any component definition) for such period or any
previous period and not added back; plus

(e) the full pro forma run rate cost savings, operating
expense reductions, operational improvements and synergies (net of actual amounts realized) that are reasonably identifiable and factually supportable (in the good faith determination of such Person, as certified by a Responsible Officer of such
Person in the Compliance Certificate required by Section 5.01(c) to be delivered in connection with the financial statements for such period) related to (A) the Transactions, (B) any Investment, Disposition, operating
improvement, restructuring, cost savings initiative, any similar initiative (including the renegotiation of contracts and other arrangements) and/or specified transaction consummated prior to the Closing Date and (C) any Investment,
Disposition, operating improvement, restructuring, cost savings initiative, any similar initiative (including the renegotiation of contracts and other arrangements) and/or specified transaction consummated after the Closing Date; in each case of
(A), (B) and (C), projected by such Person in good faith to result from actions that have been taken or with respect to which substantial steps have been taken or are expected to be taken (in the good faith determination of such Person) within
24 months of the event giving rise thereto (for the avoidance of doubt including in connection with any of the foregoing, or actions taken, prior to the Closing Date); plus

(f) the full pro forma run rate amount of incremental annual value from (i) increased pricing or volume
initiatives and/or (ii) the entry into new agreements with new customers or, if generating incremental contract value, new agreements (or amendments to existing agreements) with existing customers during the such period had such new contracts
been effective as of the beginning of such period; plus

(g) any other adjustments, exclusions and add-backs of the
nature and type set forth in (i) any lender presentation and/or the Information Memorandum delivered to the Lead Arrangers prior to the Closing Date, (ii) the financial model delivered to the Lead Arrangers prior to the Closing Date and
(iii) addbacks and adjustments of the type set forth in any quality of earnings analysis prepared by independent registered public accountants of recognized national standing or any other accounting firm reasonably acceptable to the
Administrative Agent and delivered to the Administrative Agent in connection with any Permitted Acquisition, permitted investment or other specified transactions; plus

(h) the amount of loss or discount on sale of receivables, Securitization Assets and related assets to any Securitization
Subsidiary in connection with a Qualified Securitization Financing; plus

(i) losses attributable to China
operations; plus

(j) the amount of any revenue that is attributable to services performed during such period but is
not included in Consolidated Net Income for such period; it being understood that if such revenue is added back in calculating Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for such period, such revenue shall not be included in Consolidated Net Income in the period
in which it is actually recognized; minus

15 

(k) any amount which, in the determination of Consolidated Net Income for
such period, has been added for any non-cash income or non-cash gain, all as determined in accordance with GAAP (provided that if any non-cash income or non-cash
gain represents an accrual or deferred income in respect of potential cash items in any future period, such Person may determine not to deduct the relevant non-cash gain or income in the then-current period); minus

(l) the amount of any cash payment made during such period in respect of any noncash accrual, reserve or other non-cash Charge that is accounted for in a prior period which was added to Consolidated Net Income to determine Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for such prior period and which does not otherwise reduce Consolidated Net
Income for the current period. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, it is agreed that for the purpose of calculating the
Total Leverage Ratio, the First Lien Leverage Ratio, the Secured Leverage Ratio and the Interest Coverage Ratio for any period that includes the Fiscal Quarters ended September 30, 2020, December 31, 2020, March 31, 2021 or
June 30, 2021 or the twelve month period ended June 30, 2021, (i) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the Fiscal Quarter ended September 30, 2020 shall be deemed to be $54,905,414.86 (ii) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the
Fiscal Quarter ended December 31, 2020 shall be deemed to be $59,474,833.16, (iii) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the Fiscal Quarter ended March 31, 2021 shall be deemed to be $57,087,887.55, (iv) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA
for the Fiscal Quarter ended June 30, 2021 shall be deemed to be $63,531,864.43 and (v) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the twelve month period ended June 30, 2021 shall be deemed to be $235,000,000, in each case, as may be subject
to any adjustment set forth in the definition of Pro Forma Basis for any four-quarter period with respect to any acquisitions, dispositions or conversions occurring after the Closing Date. 

Consolidated First Lien Debt means, as to any Person at any date of determination, the aggregate principal amount of
Consolidated Total Debt outstanding on such date that is secured by a first priority Lien on the Collateral. 

Consolidated
Interest Expense means, with respect to any Person for any period, the sum of (a) consolidated total interest expense of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period, whether paid or accrued and whether or not
capitalized, (including, without limitation (and without duplication), amortization of any debt issuance cost and/or original issue discount, any premium paid to obtain payment, financial assurance or similar bonds, any interest capitalized during
construction, any non-cash interest payment, the interest component of any deferred payment obligation, the interest component of any payment under any Capital Lease (regardless of whether accounted for as
interest expense under GAAP), any commission, discount and/or other fee or charge owed with respect to any letter of credit and/or bankers acceptance, any fee and/or expense paid to the Administrative Agent in connection with its services
hereunder, any other bank, administrative agency (or trustee) and/or financing fee and any cost associated with any surety bond in connection with financing activities (whether amortized or immediately expensed)) plus (b) any cash
dividend paid or payable in respect of Disqualified Capital Stock during such period other than to such Person or any Loan Party, plus (c) any net losses or obligations arising from any Hedge Agreement and/or other derivative financial
instrument issued by such Person for the benefit of such Person or its subsidiaries, in each case determined on a consolidated basis for such period. For purposes of this definition, interest in respect of any Capital Lease shall be deemed to accrue
at an interest rate reasonably determined by such Person to be the rate of interest implicit in such Capital Lease in accordance with GAAP. 

Consolidated Net Income means, in respect of any period and as determined for any Person (the Subject
Person) on a consolidated basis, an amount equal to the sum of net income, determined in accordance with GAAP, but excluding: 

(a) (i) the income of any person (other than a Restricted Subsidiary of the Subject Person) in which any other Person
(other than the Subject Person or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) has a joint interest, except to the extent of the amount of dividends or distributions or other payments (including any ordinary course dividend, distribution or other payment)
paid in cash (or to the extent converted into cash within 180 days after receipt) to the Subject Person or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries by such Person during such period or (ii) the loss of any Person (other than a Restricted Subsidiary
of the Subject Person) in which any other Person (other than the Subject Person or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) has a joint interest, other than to the extent that the Subject Person or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries has contributed Cash
or Cash Equivalents to such Person in respect of such loss during such period, 

16 

(b) any gain or Charge attributable to any asset Disposition (including
asset retirement costs and including abandonments of assets) or of returned surplus assets, in each case, outside the ordinary course of business, 

(c) (i) any gain or Charge from (A) any extraordinary item (as determined in good faith by such Person) and/or
(B) any nonrecurring, infrequently occurring or unusual item (as determined in good faith by such Person) and/or (ii) any Charge associated with and/or payment of any actual or prospective legal settlement, fine, judgment or order, 

(d) any net gain or Charge with respect to (i) any disposed, abandoned, divested and/or discontinued asset, property or
operation (other than, at the option of the Borrower, any asset, property or operation pending the disposal, abandonment, divestiture and/or termination thereof), (ii) any disposal, abandonment, divestiture and/or discontinuation of any asset,
property or operation (other than, at the option of such Person, relating to assets or properties held for sale or pending the divestiture or termination thereof) and/or (iii) any facility that has been closed during such period, 

(e) any net income or Charge (less all fees and expenses or charges related thereto) or write-off or amortization made of any
deferred financing cost and/or premium paid or other Charge, in each case attributable to the early extinguishment of Indebtedness (and the termination of any associated Hedge Agreement), 

(f) (i) any Charge incurred as a result of, in connection with or pursuant to any management equity plan, profits interest
or stock option plan or any other management or employee benefit plan or agreement, any pension plan (including any post-employment benefic scheme which has been agreed with the relevant pension trustee), any stock subscription or shareholder
agreement, any employee benefit trust, any employment benefit scheme or any similar equity plan or agreement (including any deferred compensation arrangement) and (ii) any Charge incurred in connection with the rollover, acceleration or payout
of Capital Stock held by management of Holdings (or any other Parent Company), the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary, in each case under this subclause (ii), to the extent that any cash Charge is funded with net cash proceeds contributed to
relevant Person as a capital contribution or as a result of the sale or issuance of Qualified Capital Stock (other than any amount included in the calculation of the Available Amount pursuant to clause (a)(iii) of the definition thereof), 

(g) any Charge that is established, adjusted and/or incurred, as applicable, (i) within 12 months after the Closing Date
that is required to be established, adjusted or incurred, as applicable, as a result of the Transactions in accordance with GAAP, (ii) within 12 months after the closing of any other acquisition that is required to be established, adjusted or
incurred, as applicable, as a result of such acquisition in accordance with GAAP or (iii) as a result of any change in, or the adoption or modification of, accounting principles and/or policies in accordance with GAAP, 

(h) (A) the effects of adjustments (including the effects of such adjustments pushed down to the relevant Person and its
Restricted Subsidiaries) in such Persons consolidated financial statements in component amounts required or permitted by GAAP (including, without limitation, in the inventory, property and equipment, leases, rights fee arrangements, software,
goodwill, intangible asset, in-process research and development, deferred revenue, advanced billing and debt line items thereof), resulting from the application of purchase accounting in relation to the Transactions or any consummated acquisition or
recapitalization accounting or the amortization or write-off of any amounts thereof, net of Taxes, and (B) the cumulative effect of changes in, or the adoption or modification of, accounting principles or policies made in such period in
accordance with GAAP which affect Consolidated Net Income (except that, if the Borrower determines in good faith that the cumulative effects thereof are not material to the interests of the Lenders, the effects of any change, adoption or
modification of any such principles or policies may be included in any subsequent period after the Fiscal Quarter in which such change, adoption or modification was made), 

(i) [reserved], 

17 

(j) solely for the purpose of calculating Excess Cash Flow, the income or
loss of any Person accrued prior to the date on which such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary of such Person or is merged into or consolidated with such Person or any Restricted Subsidiary of such Person or the date that such other Persons
assets are acquired by such Person or any Restricted Subsidiary of such Person, 

(k) (i) any realized or unrealized
gain or loss in respect of (x) any obligation under any Hedge Agreement not entered into for speculative purposes as determined in accordance with GAAP and/or (y) any other derivative instrument pursuant to, in the case of this clause
(y), Financial Accounting Standards Boards Accounting Standards Codification No. 815-Derivatives and Hedging, (ii) any realized or unrealized foreign currency exchange gain or loss (including any currency re-measurement of
Indebtedness, any net gain or loss resulting from Hedge Agreements for currency exchange risk resulting from any intercompany Indebtedness, any foreign currency translation or transaction or any other currency-related risk); provided, that
notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, realized gains and losses in respect of any Designated Operational FX Hedge shall be included in the calculation of Consolidated Net Income, and 

(l) any deferred Tax expense associated with any tax deduction or net operating loss arising as a result of the Transactions,
or the release of any valuation allowance related to any such item. 

Consolidated Secured Debt means, as to any Person
at any date of determination, the aggregate principal amount of Consolidated Total Debt outstanding on such date that is secured by a Lien on the Collateral. 

Consolidated Total Assets means, at any date, all amounts that would, in conformity with GAAP, be set forth opposite the
caption total assets (or any like caption) on a consolidated balance sheet of the applicable Person at such date. 

Consolidated Total Debt means, as to any Person at any date of determination, the aggregate principal amount of all third
party debt for borrowed money (including LC Disbursements that have not been reimbursed within three Business Days and the outstanding principal balance of all Indebtedness of such Person represented by notes, bonds and similar instruments and
excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, undrawn letters of credit) and Capital Leases and purchase money Indebtedness, as such amount may be adjusted to reflect the net effect (as determined by the Borrower in good faith) of any Hedge Agreement
entered into in respect of the currency exchange risk relating to such third party debt for borrowed money (including all obligations owing under such Hedge Agreement or other derivative instrument), calculated on a mark-to-market basis;
provided that Consolidated Total Debt shall be calculated (i) net of the Unrestricted Cash Amount and (ii) excluding (x) any Qualified Securitization Financing and (y) any obligation, liability or indebtedness
of such Person if, upon or prior to the maturity thereof, such Person has irrevocably deposited with the proper Person in trust or escrow the necessary funds (or evidences of indebtedness) for the payment, redemption or satisfaction of such
obligation, liability or indebtedness, and thereafter such funds and evidences of such obligation, liability or indebtedness or other security so deposited are not included in the calculation of an Unrestricted Cash Amount. 

Consolidated Working Capital means, as at any date of determination, the excess of Current Assets over Current Liabilities.

Contractual Obligation means, as applied to any Person, any provision of any Security issued by that Person or of any
indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, contract, undertaking, agreement or other instrument to which that Person is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound or to which it or any of its properties is subject. 

Contribution Indebtedness Amount has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.01(r). 

Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or
policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. 

18 

Copyright means the following: (a) all copyrights, rights and
interests in copyrights, works protectable by copyright whether published or unpublished, copyright registrations and copyright applications; (b) all renewals of any of the foregoing; (c) all income, royalties, damages, and payments now or
hereafter due and/or payable under any of the foregoing, including, without limitation, damages or payments for past or future infringements for any of the foregoing; (d) the right to sue for past, present, and future infringements of any of
the foregoing; and (e) all rights corresponding to any of the foregoing. 

Credit Extension means each of
(i) the making of a Revolving Loan or Swingline Loan (other than any Revolving Loan resulting from the application of Section 2.04(b)) or (ii) the issuance, amendment, modification, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit
(other than any such amendment, modification, renewal or extension that does not increase the Stated Amount of the relevant Letter of Credit). 

Credit Facilities means the Revolving Facility and the Term Facility. 

Cure Amount has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.14(b). 

Cure Right has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.14(b). 

Current Assets means, at any date, all assets of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries which under GAAP would be
classified as current assets (excluding any (i) cash or Cash Equivalents (including cash and Cash Equivalents held on deposit for third parties by the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary), (ii) permitted loans to third parties,
(iii) deferred bank fees and derivative financial instruments related to Indebtedness, (iv) the current portion of current and deferred Taxes and (v) management fees receivables). 

Current Liabilities means, at any date, all liabilities of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries which under GAAP
would be classified as current liabilities, other than (i) current maturities of long term debt, (ii) outstanding revolving loans and letter of credit exposure, (iii) accruals of Consolidated Interest Expense (excluding Consolidated
Interest Expense that is due and unpaid), (iv) obligations in respect of derivative financial instruments related to Indebtedness, (v) the current portion of current and deferred Taxes, (vi) liabilities in respect of unpaid earnouts
or unpaid acquisition, disposition or refinancing related expenses and deferred purchase price holdbacks, (vii) accruals relating to restructuring reserves, (viii) liabilities in respect of funds of third parties on deposit with the
Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary, (ix) management fees payables, (x) the current portion of any Capital Lease obligation, (xi) the current portion of any other long term liability for Indebtedness, (xii) accrued
settlement costs, (xiii) non-cash compensation costs and expenses and (xiv) any other liabilities that are not Indebtedness and will not be settled in Cash or Cash Equivalents during the next succeeding twelve month period after such date.

Daily Simple RFR means, for any day (an RFR Interest Day), an interest rate per annum equal to the
greater of (a) (x) SONIA for the day that is 5 Business Days (or such other period as determined by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent based on then prevailing market conventions) prior to (i) if such RFR Interest Day is a
Business Day, such RFR Interest Day or (ii) if such RFR Interest Day is not a Business Day, the Business Day immediately preceding such RFR Interest Day (such Business Day determined pursuant to each of subclauses (i) and (ii), the
RFR Lookback Day), (y) if SONIA is not available for the RFR Lookback Day determined pursuant to clause (x) above, the Daily Simple RFR for such RFR Lookback Day shall be the percentage rate per annum which is the
aggregate of (I) the Central Bank Rate for such RFR Lookback Day and (II) the applicable Central Bank Rate Adjustment or (z) if clause (y) applies but the Central Bank Rate for the applicable RFR Lookback Day is not available, the
Daily Simple RFR for such RFR Lookback Day shall be the percentage rate per annum which is the aggregate of (I) the most recent Central Bank Rate for a Business Day which is no more than five Business Days before that RFR Lookback Day and (II)
the applicable Central Bank Rate Adjustment and (b) 0%. 

Debt Fund Affiliate means any Affiliate of Advent (other
than a natural Person) that is a bona fide debt fund or investment vehicle that is primarily engaged in, or advises funds or other investment vehicles that are engaged in, making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans, bonds
and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course, in each case with respect to which the Persons making investment decisions for such applicable Affiliate are not primarily engaged in the making, acquiring or holding of equity investments in
Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries. 

19 

Debtor Relief Laws means the Bankruptcy Code, and all other liquidation,
conservatorship, bankruptcy, general assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization or similar debtor relief laws of the U.S. or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect
and affecting the rights of creditors generally. 

Declined Proceeds has the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 2.11(b)(v). 

Default means any event or condition which upon notice, lapse of time or both would
become an Event of Default. 

Defaulting Lender means any Lender that has (a) defaulted in its obligations under
this Agreement, including without limitation, (i) to make a Loan within two Business Days of the date required to be made by it hereunder or (ii) to fund its participation in a Letter of Credit or Swingline Loan required to be funded by it
hereunder within two Business Days of the date such obligation arose or such Loan, Letter of Credit or Swingline Loan was required to be made or funded, unless, in the case of subclause (i) above, such Lender notifies the Administrative
Agent in writing that such failure is the result of such Lenders good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) has not been satisfied, (b) notified
the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender or the Borrower in writing that it does not intend to satisfy any such obligation or has made a public statement to the effect that it does not intend to comply with its funding
obligations under this Agreement or under agreements in which it commits to extend credit generally (unless such writing indicates that such position is based on such Lenders good faith determination that a condition precedent (specifically
identified and including the particular default, if any) to funding a Loan cannot be satisfied), (c) failed, within two Business Days after the request of the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, to confirm in writing that it will comply with
the terms of this Agreement relating to its obligations to fund prospective Loans and participations in then outstanding Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans; provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this
clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent, (d) become (or any parent company thereof has become) insolvent or been determined by any Governmental Authority having regulatory authority over such
Person or its assets, to be insolvent, or the assets or management of which has been taken over by any Governmental Authority or (e) become the subject of (i) a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding or (ii) a Bail-In Action, or has had
a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or custodian, appointed for it, or has taken any action in furtherance of, or
indicating its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in, any such proceeding or appointment, unless in the case of any Lender subject to this clause (e), the Borrower and the Administrative Agent have each determined that such Lender
intends, and has all approvals required to enable it (in form and substance satisfactory to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent), to continue to perform its obligations as a Lender hereunder; provided that no Lender shall be deemed to
be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any Capital Stock in such Lender or its parent by any Governmental Authority; provided that such action does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from
the jurisdiction of courts within the U.S. or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contract or agreement to which
such Lender is a party. 

Deposit Account means a demand, time, savings, passbook or like account with a bank, savings
and loan association, credit union or like organization, other than an account evidenced by a negotiable certificate of deposit. 

Derivative Transaction means (a) any interest-rate transaction, including any interest-rate swap, basis swap, forward
rate agreement, interest rate option (including a cap, collar or floor) and any other instrument linked to interest rates that gives rise to similar credit risks (including when-issued securities and forward deposits accepted), (b) any
exchange-rate transaction, including any cross-currency interest-rate swap, any forward foreign-exchange contract, any currency option and any other instrument linked to exchange rates that gives rise to similar credit risks, (c) any equity
derivative transaction, including any equity-linked swap, any equity-linked option, any forward equity-linked contract and any other instrument linked to equities that gives rise to similar credit risk and (d) any commodity (including precious
metal) derivative transaction, including any commodity-linked swap, any commodity-linked option, any forward commodity-linked contract and any other instrument linked to commodities that gives rise to similar credit risks; provided, that no
phantom stock or similar plan providing for payments only on account of services provided by current or former directors, officers, employees, members of management, managers or consultants of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries shall be a Derivative
Transaction. 

20 

Designated Non-Cash Consideration means the fair market value (as
determined by the Borrower in good faith) of non-Cash consideration received by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in connection with any Disposition pursuant to Section 6.07(h) and/or Section 6.08 that is designated
as Designated Non-Cash Consideration pursuant to a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, setting forth the basis of such valuation (which amount will be reduced by the amount of Cash or Cash Equivalents received in connection with a
subsequent sale or conversion of such Designated Non-Cash Consideration to Cash or Cash Equivalents). 

Designated Operational FX
Hedge means any Hedge Agreement entered into for the purpose of hedging currency-related risks in respect of the revenues, cash flows or other balance sheet items of Holdings and/or any of its Subsidiaries and designated at the time
entered into (or on or prior to the Closing Date, with respect to any Hedge Agreement entered into on or prior to the Closing Date) as a Designated Operational FX Hedge by the Borrower in a writing delivered to the Administrative Agent. 

Disposition or Dispose means the sale, lease, sublease, or other disposition of any property of any
Person. 

Disqualified Capital Stock means any Capital Stock which, by its terms (or by the terms of any security into
which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable), or upon the happening of any event, (a) matures (excluding any maturity as the result of an optional redemption by the issuer thereof) or is mandatorily redeemable (other than for
Qualified Capital Stock), pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, or is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof (other than for Qualified Capital Stock), in whole or in part, on or prior to 91 days following the Latest Maturity
Date at the time such Capital Stock is issued (it being understood that if any such redemption is in part, only such part coming into effect prior to 91 days following the Latest Maturity Date shall constitute Disqualified Capital Stock),
(b) is or becomes convertible into or exchangeable (unless at the sole option of the issuer thereof) for (i) debt securities or (ii) any Capital Stock that would constitute Disqualified Capital Stock, in each case at any time on or
prior to 91 days following the Latest Maturity Date at the time such Capital Stock is issued, (c) contains any mandatory repurchase obligation or any other repurchase obligation at the option of the holder thereof (other than for Qualified
Capital Stock), in whole or in part, which may come into effect prior to 91 days following the Latest Maturity Date at the time such Capital Stock is issued (it being understood that if any such repurchase obligation is in part, only such part
coming into effect prior to 91 days following the Latest Maturity Date shall constitute Disqualified Capital Stock) or (d) provides for the scheduled payments of dividends in Cash on or prior to 91 days following the Latest Maturity Date at the
time such Capital Stock is issued; provided that any Capital Stock that would not constitute Disqualified Capital Stock but for provisions thereof giving holders thereof (or the holders of any security into or for which such Capital Stock is
convertible, exchangeable or exercisable) the right to require the issuer thereof to redeem such Capital Stock upon the occurrence of any change of control or any Disposition occurring prior to 91 days following the Latest Maturity Date at the time
such Capital Stock is issued shall not constitute Disqualified Capital Stock if such Capital Stock provides that the issuer thereof will not redeem any such Capital Stock pursuant to such provisions prior to the Termination Date. 

Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, (A) if such Capital Stock is issued pursuant to any plan for the benefit of directors, officers,
employees, members of management, managers or consultants or by any such plan to such directors, officers, employees, members of management, managers or consultants, in each case in the ordinary course of business of Holdings, the Borrower or any
Restricted Subsidiary, such Capital Stock shall not constitute Disqualified Capital Stock solely because it may be required to be repurchased by the issuer thereof in order to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory obligations, and (B) no
Capital Stock held by any future, present or former employee, director, officer, manager, member of management or consultant (or their respective Affiliates or Immediate Family Members) of the Borrower (or any Parent Company or any Subsidiary) shall
be considered Disqualified Capital Stock because such stock is redeemable or subject to repurchase pursuant to any management equity subscription agreement, stock option, stock appreciation right or other stock award agreement, stock ownership plan,
put agreement, stockholder agreement or similar agreement that may be in effect from time to time. 

Disqualified
Institution means: 

(a) (i) any Person identified in writing to the Arrangers on or prior to
September 9, 2021, (ii) any person that is identified in writing to the Agent after the Closing Date (provided, that any person so identified after the Closing Date must be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent), (iii) any
Affiliate of any Person described in clauses (i) or (ii) above that is reasonably identifiable as an Affiliate of such Person on the basis of such Affiliates name and (iv) any other Affiliate of any Person
described in clause (i),(ii) or (iii) above that is identified in a written notice to BofA (if prior to the Closing Date) or the Administrative Agent (if after the Closing Date) (each such person, a Disqualified
Lending Institution), 

21 

(b) (i) any Person that is or becomes a Company Competitor or any
Affiliate of a Company Competitor (other than any Affiliate that is a Bona Fide Debt Fund) and is identified as such in writing to the Arrangers (if prior to the Closing Date) or the Administrative Agent (if after the Closing Date, in writing),
(ii) any Affiliate of any Person described in clause (i) above (other than any Affiliate that is a Bona Fide Debt Fund) that is reasonably identifiable as an Affiliate of such Person on the basis of such Affiliates name and
(iii) any other Affiliate of any Person described in clauses (i) and/or (ii) above that is identified in a written notice to BofA (if prior to the Closing Date) or to the Administrative Agent (if after the Closing Date)
(it being understood and agreed that no Bona Fide Debt Fund may be designated as Disqualified Institution pursuant to this clause (iii)), and/or 

(c) any Affiliate of any Arranger (or any director (or equivalent manager), officer or employee of any Arranger or any
Affiliate thereof) that is engaged as a principal primarily in private equity, mezzanine financing or venture capital. 

it being understood and agreed
that no written notice delivered pursuant to clauses (a)(ii), (a)(iv), (b)(i) and/or (b)(iii) above shall apply retroactively to disqualify any Person that has previously acquired an assignment or participation interest
in any Loans. 

Disqualified Lending Institution has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of
Disqualified Institution. 

Disqualified Person has the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 9.05(f)(ii). 

Dollar Equivalent means, on any date of determination, (a) with respect to any
amount denominated in Dollars, such amount, and (b) with respect to any amount in any Revolving Alternative Currency or any other currency, the equivalent in Dollars of such amount, determined by the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Bank, as
applicable, pursuant to Section 1.08 using the Exchange Rate with respect to such currency at the time in effect under the provisions of such Section. 

Dollars or $ refers to lawful money of the U.S. 

Domestic Subsidiary means any Restricted Subsidiary incorporated or organized under the laws of the U.S., any state thereof
or the District of Columbia. 

Dutch Auction has the meaning assigned to such term on Schedule 1.01(b)
hereto. 

EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA
Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any
financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 

EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 

EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative
authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 

ECF Prepayment Amount has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.11(b)(i). 

22 

Effective Yield means, as to any Indebtedness, the effective yield
applicable thereto calculated by the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Borrower in a manner consistent with generally accepted financial practices, taking into account (a) interest rate margins, (b) interest rate floors
(subject to the proviso set forth below), (c) any amendment to the relevant interest rate margins and interest rate floors effective subsequent to the Closing Date but prior to the applicable date of determination and (d) original issue
discount and upfront or similar fees on customary terms paid by the Borrower (with upfront fees and original issue discount being equated to interest rate margins based on an assumed four-year average life to maturity or lesser remaining average
life to maturity), but excluding (i) any prepayment premiums, arrangement, commitment, structuring, underwriting, ticking, unused line fees and/or amendment fees (regardless of whether any such fees are paid to or shared in whole or in part
with any lender) and (ii) any other fee that is not paid by the Borrower generally to all relevant lenders ratably; provided, however, that (A) to the extent that Term SOFR or Alternate Base Rate (without giving effect to any
floor specified in the definition thereof) is less than any floor applicable to the Term Loans in respect of which the Effective Yield is being calculated on the date on which the Effective Yield is determined, the amount of the resulting difference
will be deemed added to the interest rate margin applicable to the relevant Indebtedness for purposes of calculating the Effective Yield and (B) to the extent that Term SOFR or Alternate Base Rate (without giving effect to any floor specified
in the definition thereof) is greater than any applicable floor on the date on which the Effective Yield is determined, the floor will be disregarded in calculating the Effective Yield. 

Electronic Record and Electronic Signature shall have the meanings assigned to them, respectively, by 15
USC 7006, as it may be amended from time to time. 

Eligible Assignee means (a) any Lender, (b) any
commercial bank, insurance company, or finance company, financial institution, any fund that invests in loans or any other accredited investor (as defined in Regulation D of the Securities Act), (c) any Affiliate of any Lender,
(d) any Approved Fund of any Lender and (e) to the extent permitted under Section 9.05(g), any Affiliated Lender or any Debt Fund Affiliate; provided that in any event, Eligible Assignee shall not include
(i) any natural person, (ii) any Disqualified Institution or (iii) except as permitted under Section 9.05(g), the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. 

Environment means ambient air, indoor air, surface water, groundwater, drinking water, land surface and subsurface
strata & natural resources such as wetlands, flora and fauna. 

Environmental Claim means any investigation,
notice, notice of violation, claim, action, suit, proceeding, demand, abatement order or other order or directive (conditional or otherwise), by any Governmental Authority or any other Person, arising (a) pursuant to or in connection with any
actual or alleged violation of any Environmental Law; (b) in connection with any Hazardous Material or any actual or alleged Hazardous Materials Activity; or (c) in connection with any actual or alleged damage, injury, threat or harm to
the Environment. 

Environmental Laws means any and all current or future applicable foreign or domestic, federal or
state (or any subdivision of either of them), statutes, ordinances, orders, rules, regulations, judgments, Governmental Authorizations, or any other applicable requirements of Governmental Authorities and the common law relating to
(a) environmental matters, including those relating to any Hazardous Materials Activity; or (b) the generation, use, storage, transportation or disposal of or exposure to Hazardous Materials, in any manner applicable to the Borrower or any
of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any Facility. 

Environmental Liability means any liability, contingent or otherwise
(including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) any actual or alleged violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the
generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the Release or threatened Release of any Hazardous Materials into the Environment or
(e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing. 

ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. 

ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that is under common control with the Borrower or
any Restricted Subsidiary and is treated as a single employer within the meaning of Section 414 of the Code or Section 4001 of ERISA. 

23 

ERISA Event means (a) a Reportable Event with respect to a Pension
Plan; (b) a withdrawal by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate from a Pension Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which it was a substantial employer (as defined in
Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA) or a cessation of operations at any facility of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate as described in Section 4062(e) of ERISA, in each case, resulting in liability pursuant to
Section 4063 of ERISA; (c) a complete or partial withdrawal by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan resulting in the imposition of Withdrawal Liability on the Borrower or any Restricted
Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate, notification of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate concerning the imposition of Withdrawal Liability or notification that a Multiemployer Plan is insolvent within the
meaning of Section 4245 of ERISA or is in reorganization within the meaning of Section 4241 of ERISA; (d) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate a Pension Plan under Section 4041(c) of ERISA, the treatment of a
Pension Plan amendment as a termination under Section 4041(c) of ERISA, the commencement of proceedings by the PBGC to terminate a Pension Plan or the receipt by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate of notice of the
treatment of a Multiemployer Plan amendment as a termination under Section 4041A of ERISA or of notice of the commencement of proceedings by the PBGC to terminate a Multiemployer Plan; (e) the occurrence of an event or condition which
constitutes grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (f) the imposition of any liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC
premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA, upon the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate, with respect to the termination of any Pension Plan; or (g) the conditions for imposition of a Lien under
Section 303(k) of ERISA have been met with respect to any Pension Plan. 

EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the
EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. 

Euro and mean the single currency of the member states of the European Union that adopts or has
adopted the Euro as its lawful currency in accordance with legislation of the European Union relating to Economic and Monetary Union. 

Event of Default has the meaning assigned to such term in Article 7. 

Excess Cash Flow means, for any Excess Cash Flow Period, any amount (if positive) equal to (without duplication): 

(a) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for such Excess Cash Flow Period (without giving effect to clauses (e) and
(f) of the definition thereof, which amounts shall be deducted in determining Excess Cash Flow); plus

(b) any extraordinary, unusual or non-recurring or infrequently occurring cash gain during such Excess Cash Flow Period
(whether or not accrued in such Excess Cash Flow Period) to the extent not otherwise included in Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA (including any component definitions used therein); plus

(c) any foreign currency exchange gain actually realized and received in Cash in Dollars (including any currency re-measurement
of Indebtedness, any net gain or loss resulting from Hedge Agreements for currency exchange risk resulting from any intercompany Indebtedness, any foreign currency translation or transaction or any other currency-related risk), net of any loss from
foreign currency translation to the extent not otherwise included in calculating Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA (including any component definitions used therein); plus

(d) an amount equal to the aggregate net non-Cash loss on Dispositions by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries during
such Excess Cash Flow Period (other than Dispositions in the ordinary course of business) to the extent not otherwise included in Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA (including any component definitions used therein); plus

24 

(e) an amount equal to all Cash received for such period on account of any
net non-Cash gain or income from Investments deducted in a previous period pursuant to clause (s)(B) of this definition to the extent not otherwise included in calculating Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA (including any component definitions used
therein); plus

(f) the decrease, if any, in Consolidated Working Capital from the first day to the last day of such
Excess Cash Flow Period, but excluding any such decrease in Consolidated Working Capital arising from (i) the acquisition or Disposition of any Person by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, (ii) the reclassification during such
period of current assets to long term assets and current liabilities to long term liabilities, (iii) the application of purchase and/or recapitalization accounting and/or (iv) the effect of any fluctuation in the amount of accrued and
contingent obligations under any Hedge Agreement; minus

(g) the amount, if any, which, in the determination of
Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA (including any component definitions used therein) for such Excess Cash Flow Period, has been included in respect of income or gain from any Disposition outside of the ordinary course of business (including Dispositions
constituting covered losses or taking of assets referred to in the definition of Net Insurance/Condemnation Proceeds) of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary; minus

(h) cash payments actually made in respect of the following (without duplication): 

(i) any Investment permitted by Section 6.06 (other than Investments (i) in Cash or Cash Equivalents,
(ii) in the Borrower or a Guarantor or (iii) made pursuant to Section 6.06(r)(i)) and/or any Restricted Payment permitted by Section 6.04(a) (other than pursuant to Section 6.04(a)(iii)(A)) and actually
made in cash during such Excess Cash Flow Period or, at the option of the Borrower, made prior to the date the Borrower is required to make a payment of Excess Cash Flow in respect of such Excess Cash Flow Period, (A) except to the extent the
relevant Investment and/or Restricted Payment is financed with the proceeds of long term funded Indebtedness (other than revolving Indebtedness) and (B) without duplication of any amounts deducted from Excess Cash Flow for a prior Excess Cash
Flow Period; 

(ii) any realized foreign currency exchange losses actually paid or payable in Cash (including any currency
re-measurement of Indebtedness, any net gain or loss resulting from Hedge Agreements for currency exchange risk resulting from any intercompany Indebtedness, any foreign currency translation or transaction or any other currency-related risk); 

(iii) the aggregate amount of any extraordinary, unusual or non-recurring or infrequently occurring Cash Charge (whether or not
incurred in such Excess Cash Flow Period) excluded in calculating Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA (including any component definitions used therein); 

(iv) consolidated Capital Expenditures actually made in cash during such Excess Cash Flow Period or, at the option of the
Borrower, made prior to the date the Borrower is required to make a payment of Excess Cash Flow in respect of such Excess Cash Flow Period, (A) except to the extent financed with the proceeds of long term funded Indebtedness (other than
revolving Indebtedness) and (B) without duplication of any amounts deducted from Excess Cash Flow for a prior Excess Cash Flow Period; 

(v) any long-term liability, excluding the current portion of any such liability (other than Indebtedness) of the Borrower
and/or any Restricted Subsidiary; 

(vi) any cash Charge added back in calculating Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA pursuant to
clause (c) of the definition thereof or excluded from the calculation of Consolidated Net Income in accordance with the definition thereof; 

25 

(vii) the aggregate amount of expenditures actually made by the Borrower
and/or any Restricted Subsidiary during such Fiscal Year (including any expenditure for the payment of financing fees) to the extent that such expenditures are not expensed; minus

(i) the aggregate principal amount of (i) all optional prepayments of Indebtedness (other than any optional prepayment of
(A) Indebtedness under the Loan Documents prior to such date (to the extent the relevant voluntary prepayments are permitted by the terms of this Agreement) and the aggregate principal amount of Incremental Equivalent Debt, Replacement Notes,
prepaid, repurchased, redeemed or otherwise retired prior to such date, in each case, that is deducted in calculating the amount of any Excess Cash Flow payment in accordance with Section 2.11(b)(i) or (B) revolving Indebtedness
(other than Revolving Loans, Additional Revolving Loans or Swingline Loans) except to the extent any related commitment is permanently reduced in connection with such repayment), (ii) all mandatory prepayments (other than, during such Excess
Cash Flow Period, pursuant to Section 2.11(b)(i)) and scheduled repayments of Indebtedness during such Excess Cash Flow Period and (iii) the aggregate amount of any premium, make-whole or penalty payments actually paid in cash by
the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries during such period that are required to be made in connection with any prepayment of Indebtedness; minus

(j) Consolidated Interest Expense actually paid or payable in cash by the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary during such
Excess Cash Flow Period; minus

(k) Taxes (inclusive of Taxes paid or payable under tax sharing agreements or
arrangements and/or in connection with any intercompany distribution) paid or payable by the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary with respect to such Excess Cash Flow Period; minus

(l) the increase, if any, in Consolidated Working Capital from the first day to the last day of such Excess Cash Flow Period,
but excluding any such increase in Consolidated Working Capital arising from (i) the acquisition or Disposition of any Person by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, (ii) the reclassification during such period of current assets to
long term assets and current liabilities to long term liabilities, (iii) the application of purchase and/or recapitalization accounting and/or (iv) the effect of any fluctuation in the amount of accrued and contingent obligations under any
Hedge Agreement; minus

(m) the amount of any Tax obligation of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary that
is estimated in good faith by the Borrower as due and payable (but is not currently due and payable) by the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary as a result of the repatriation of any dividend or similar distribution of net income of any
Foreign Subsidiary to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary; minus

(n) without duplication of amounts deducted
from Excess Cash Flow in respect of a prior Excess Cash Flow Period, at the option of the Borrower, the aggregate consideration (i) required to be paid in Cash by the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries pursuant to binding contracts entered
into prior to or during such Excess Cash Flow Period relating to Capital Expenditures, acquisitions, Investments and/or Restricted Payments described in clauses (h)(i) and (h)(iv) above and/or (ii) otherwise committed or budgeted
to be made in connection with Capital Expenditures, acquisitions, Investments and/or Restricted Payments described in clauses (h)(i) and (h)(iv) above (clauses (i) and (ii), the Scheduled
Consideration) (other than Investments in (A) Cash and Cash Equivalents and (B) the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) to be consummated or made during the period of four consecutive Fiscal Quarters of the Borrower
following the end of such period (except, in each case, to the extent financed with long term funded Indebtedness (other than revolving Indebtedness)); provided that to the extent the aggregate amount actually utilized to finance such Capital
Expenditures, acquisitions, Investments and/or Restricted Payments during such subsequent period of four consecutive Fiscal Quarters is less than the Scheduled Consideration, the amount of the resulting shortfall shall be added to the calculation of
Excess Cash Flow at the end of such subsequent period of four consecutive Fiscal Quarters; minus

(o) amounts added
to Consolidated Net Income, in each case to the extent paid in cash, under clauses (b), (c)(ii), (c)(v), (c)(viii), (c)(ix), (c)(x), (c)(xi), (c)(xii), (c)(xiii),
(g) and (h) of the definition of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA; minus

26 

(p) cash payments (other than in respect of Taxes, which are governed by
clause (k) above) made during such Excess Cash Flow Period for any liability the accrual of which in a prior Excess Cash Flow Period resulted in an increase in Excess Cash Flow in such prior period (provided that there was no
other deduction to Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA or Excess Cash Flow related to such payment), except to the extent financed with long term funded Indebtedness (other than revolving Indebtedness); minus

(q) cash expenditures made in respect of any Hedge Agreement during such period to the extent (i) not otherwise deducted
in the calculation of Consolidated Net Income or Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA and (ii) not financed with long term funded Indebtedness (other than revolving Indebtedness); minus

(r) amounts paid in Cash (except to the extent financed with long term funded Indebtedness (other than revolving Indebtedness))
during such period on account of (i) items that were accounted for as non-Cash reductions of Consolidated Net Income or Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA in a prior period and (ii) reserves or amounts established in purchase accounting to the
extent such reserves or amounts are added back to, or not deducted from, Consolidated Net Income; minus

(s) an
amount equal to the sum of (A) the aggregate net non-cash loss on Dispositions by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries during such period (other than Dispositions by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries during such period (other
than Dispositions in the ordinary course of business)) to the extent included in arriving at Consolidated Net Income and (B) the aggregate net non-Cash gain or income from Investments (other than Investments made in the ordinary course of
business) to the extent included in arriving at Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA. 

Amounts added back pursuant to the foregoing clauses
(b) through (f) of this definition shall be calculated without duplication of one another, and amounts deducted pursuant to the foregoing clauses (g) through (s) of this definition shall be calculated
without duplication of one another. 

Excess Cash Flow Period means each Fiscal Year of the Borrower, commencing with
the Fiscal Year of the Borrower ending on December 31, 2022. 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder. 

Exchange Rate has the meaning assigned to such
term in Section 1.08(a). 

Excluded Assets means each of the following: 

(a) any asset the grant or perfection of a security interest in which would (i) be prohibited by enforceable
anti-assignment provisions set forth in any contract that is permitted by the terms of this Agreement and is binding on such asset at the time of its acquisition and not incurred in contemplation thereof (other than in the case of Capital Leases and
purchase money financings), (after giving effect to applicable anti-assignment provisions of the UCC or other applicable Requirements of Law), (ii) violate the terms of any contract relating to such asset that is permitted or otherwise not
prohibited by the terms of this Agreement and is binding on such asset at the time of its acquisition and not incurred in contemplation thereof (other than in the case of Capital Leases and purchase money financings) (after giving effect to
applicable anti-assignment provisions of the UCC or other applicable Requirements of Law) or (iii) except with respect to the Capital Stock of any Loan Party or any Wholly-Owned Subsidiary that is a Restricted Subsidiary, trigger termination of
any contract relating to such asset that is permitted by the terms of this Agreement pursuant to any change of control or similar provision (to the extent such contract is binding on such asset at the time of its acquisition and not
entered into in contemplation of such acquisition) (after giving effect to applicable anti-assignment provisions of the UCC or other applicable Requirements of Law); it being understood that the term Excluded Asset shall not include
proceeds or receivables arising out of any contract described in this clause (a) to the extent that the assignment of such proceeds or receivables is expressly deemed to be effective under the UCC or other applicable Requirements of Law
notwithstanding the relevant prohibition, violation or termination right, 

27 

(b) the Capital Stock of any (i) Captive Insurance Subsidiary,
(ii) Unrestricted Subsidiary, (iii) not-for-profit subsidiary and/or (iv) special purpose entity used for any permitted securitization facility, in each case, except to the extent such Person is a Loan Party, 

(c) any intent-to-use U.S. Trademark application prior to the filing and acceptance of a Statement of Use,
Amendment to Allege Use or similar filing with respect thereto, by the United States Patent and Trademark Office, only to the extent, if any, that, and solely during the period if any, in which, the grant of a security interest therein
may impair the validity or enforceability of such intent-to-use Trademark application under applicable federal Law, 

(d)
any asset (including Capital Stock), the grant or perfection of a security interest in which would (i) be prohibited under applicable Requirements of Law (including, without limitation, rules and regulations of any Governmental Authority) or
(ii) require any governmental or regulatory consent, approval, license or authorization (to the extent such authorization was not obtained) (after giving effect to applicable anti-assignment provisions of the UCC or other applicable
Requirements of Law), except to the extent such requirement or prohibition would be rendered ineffective under the UCC or other applicable Requirements of Law notwithstanding such requirement or prohibition; it being understood that the term
Excluded Asset shall not include proceeds or receivables arising out of any asset described in clause (d)(i) or (d)(ii) to the extent that the assignment of such proceeds or receivables is expressly deemed to be
effective under the UCC or other applicable Requirements of Law notwithstanding the relevant requirement or prohibition or (iii) result in material adverse tax consequences to any Loan Party as reasonably determined by the Borrower in
consultation with the Administrative Agent, 

(e) (i) any leasehold Real Estate Asset, (ii) except to the extent a
security interest therein can be perfected by the filing of a UCC-1 financing statement, any other leasehold interests and (iii) any owned Real Estate Asset, 

(f) the Capital Stock of any Person that is not a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary (other than a Loan Party), 

(g) any Margin Stock, 

(h) the Capital Stock of (i) any Foreign Subsidiary and (ii) any CFC Holdco, in each case (x) in excess of 65%
of the issued and outstanding Capital Stock of any such Person or (y) to the extent such Foreign Subsidiary or CFC Holdco is not a first-tier Subsidiary of a Loan Party, 

(i) Commercial Tort Claims, 

(j) Deposit Accounts, securities account and similar accounts (including securities entitlements), escrow, fiduciary and trust
accounts, and cash and cash equivalents (other than, in each case, proceeds of other Collateral as to which perfection may be accomplished by filing a UCC-1 financing statement or perfection may be accomplished automatically without any action by
any party), 

(k) assets subject to a purchase money security interest, Capital Lease obligations or similar arrangement, in
each case, that is permitted by the terms of this Agreement and to the extent the grant of a security interest therein would violate or invalidate such lease, license or agreement or purchase money or similar arrangement or create a right of
termination in favor of any other party thereto (other than Holdings, the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower) after giving effect to the applicable anti-assignment provisions of the UCC or other applicable Requirements of Law; it being
understood that the term Excluded Asset shall not include proceeds or receivables arising out of any asset described in this clause (k) to the extent that the assignment of such proceeds or receivables is expressly deemed to
be effective under the UCC or other applicable Requirements of Law notwithstanding the relevant violation or invalidation, 

28 

(l) any asset with respect to which the Administrative Agent and the
relevant Loan Party have reasonably determined that the cost, burden, difficulty or consequence (including any effect on the ability of the relevant Loan Party to conduct its operations and business in the ordinary course of business and including
the cost of title insurance, surveys or flood insurance (if necessary) or any mortgage, stamp, intangibles or other tax or expenses of obtaining or perfecting such security interest) of obtaining or perfecting a security interest therein outweighs,
or is excessive in light of, the practical benefit of a security interest to the relevant Secured Parties afforded thereby, which determination is evidenced in writing. 

Excluded Subsidiary means: 

(a) any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, 

(b) any Immaterial Subsidiary, 

(c) any Restricted Subsidiary (i) that is prohibited or restricted from providing a Loan Guaranty by (A) any
Requirement of Law or (B) any Contractual Obligation that, in the case of this clause (B), exists on the Closing Date or at the time such Restricted Subsidiary becomes a Subsidiary (which Contractual Obligation was not entered into
in contemplation of such Restricted Subsidiary becoming a Subsidiary (including pursuant to assumed Indebtedness)), (ii) that would require a governmental (including regulatory) or third party consent on the Closing Date or at the time such
Restricted Subsidiary becomes a Subsidiary (and that was not incurred in contemplation of such Restricted Subsidiary becoming a Subsidiary), approval, license or authorization (including any regulatory consent, approval, license or authorization) to
provide a Loan Guaranty (in each case, at the time such Restricted Subsidiary became a Subsidiary) (except to the extent such consent has been obtained) or (iii) where the provision of a Loan Guaranty would result in material adverse tax
consequences as reasonably determined by the Borrower in consultation with the Administrative Agent, 

(d) any
not-for-profit subsidiary, 

(e) any Captive Insurance Subsidiary, 

(f) any special purpose entity used for any permitted securitization or receivables facility or financing (including any
Securitization Subsidiary), 

(g) any Foreign Subsidiary, 

(h) (i) any CFC Holdco and/or (ii) any Domestic Subsidiary that is a direct or indirect subsidiary of any Foreign
Subsidiary that is a CFC, 

(i) any Unrestricted Subsidiary, 

(j) any Restricted Subsidiary acquired by the Borrower that, at the time of the relevant acquisition, is an obligor in respect
of assumed Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.01 to the extent (and for so long as) the documentation governing the applicable assumed Indebtedness prohibits such subsidiary from providing a Loan Guaranty (which prohibition was not
implemented in contemplation of such Restricted Subsidiary becoming a Subsidiary in order to avoid the requirement of providing a Loan Guaranty), and 

(k) any other Restricted Subsidiary with respect to which, in the reasonable judgment of the Administrative Agent and the
Borrower, the burden or cost of providing a Loan Guaranty outweighs, or would be excessive in light of, the practical benefits afforded thereby; in each case, unless such Subsidiary becomes a Subsidiary Guarantor pursuant to the last sentence of the
definition thereof. 

Excluded Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Guarantor, any Swap Obligation if, and to the
extent that, all or a portion of the Loan Guaranty of such Guarantor of, or the grant by such Guarantor of a security interest to secure, such Swap Obligation (or any Loan Guaranty thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange

29 

Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any thereof) (a) by virtue of such Guarantors failure
for any reason to constitute an eligible contract participant as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act and the regulations thereunder (determined after giving effect to Section 3.20 of the Loan Guaranty and any other
keepwell, support or other agreement for the benefit of such Guarantor) at the time the Loan Guaranty of such Guarantor or the grant of such security interest becomes effective with respect to such Swap Obligation or (b) in the case
of a Swap Obligation that is subject to a clearing requirement pursuant to section 2(h) of the Commodity Exchange Act, because such Guarantor is a financial entity, as defined in section 2(h)(7)(C) of the Commodity Exchange Act, at the
time the guarantee of (or grant of such security interest by, as applicable) such Guarantor becomes or would become effective with respect to such Swap Obligation. If a Swap Obligation arises under a master agreement governing more than one swap,
such exclusion shall apply only to the portion of such Swap Obligation that is attributable to swaps for which such Loan Guaranty or security interest is or becomes illegal. 

Excluded Taxes means, with respect to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank, or any other recipient of
any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document, (a) any Taxes imposed on (or measured by) such recipients net income or franchise Taxes, (i) imposed as a result of such recipient
being organized or having its principal office located in or, in the case of any Lender, having its applicable lending office located in, the taxing jurisdiction or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) any branch profits Taxes imposed
under Section 884(a) of the Code, or any similar Tax, imposed by any jurisdiction described in clause (a), (c) any U.S. federal withholding Tax that is imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender (other than a
Lender that became a Lender pursuant to an assignment under Section 2.19) with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a Requirement of Law in effect on the date on which such Lender (i) acquires such
interest in the applicable Commitment or, if such Lender did not fund the applicable Loan pursuant to a prior Commitment, on the date such Lender acquires its interest in such Loan or (ii) designates a new lending office, except in each case to
the extent that, pursuant to Section 2.17, amounts with respect to such Tax were payable either to such Lenders assignor immediately before such Lender acquired the applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment or to such Lender
immediately before it designated a new lending office, (d) any Tax imposed as a result of a failure by such Lender to comply with Section 2.17(f) (or, in the case of any payment made to the Administrative Agent for its own account,
by the Administrative Agent to comply with Section 2.17(j)) and (e) any withholding Tax under FATCA. 

Existing
Credit Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Closing Date Refinancing. 

Existing Letters of Credit means each of the letters of credit described on Schedule 1.01(c). 

Extended Revolving Credit Commitment has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.23(a). 

Extended Revolving Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.23(a). 

Extended Term Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.23(a). 

Extension has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.23(a). 

Extension Amendment means an amendment to this Agreement that is reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (to
the extent required by Section 2.23) and the Borrower executed by each of (a) Holdings, the Borrower and the Subsidiary Guarantors, (b) the Administrative Agent and (c) each Lender that has accepted the applicable
Extension Offer pursuant hereto and in accordance with Section 2.23. 

Extension Offer has the meaning
assigned to such term in Section 2.23(a). 

Facility means any real property (including all buildings,
fixtures or other improvements located thereon) now, hereafter or, except with respect to Articles 5 and 6, owned, leased, operated or used by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any of their respective predecessors
or Affiliates. 

30 

FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of
this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to
current Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code (or any amended or successor version described above) and any intergovernmental agreements implementing any of the foregoing. 

FCPA has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.17(c). 

Federal Funds Effective Rate means, for any day, the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions
with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by Federal funds brokers, as published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day that is a Business Day, the
average of the quotations for such day for such transactions received by Administrative Agent from three Federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by it; provided if such rate shall be less than 0.00%, it shall be deemed to be
0.00%. 

Fee Letter means that certain Fee Letter, dated as of September 21, 2021, by and among, the Borrower and
the Administrative Agent. 

Financial Covenant Standstill has the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 7.01(c). 

First Lien Leverage Ratio means the ratio, as of any date of determination, of
(a) Consolidated First Lien Debt as of the last day of the Test Period then most recently ended to (b) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the Test Period then most recently ended, in each case of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries
on a consolidated basis. 

First Priority means, with respect to any Lien purported to be created in any Collateral
pursuant to any Collateral Document, that such Lien is senior in priority to any other Lien to which such Collateral is subject, other than any Permitted Lien. 

Fiscal Quarter means a fiscal quarter of any Fiscal Year. 

Fiscal Year means the fiscal year of the Borrower ending December 31 of each calendar year. 

Fixed Amounts has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.10(c). 

Foreign Lender means any Lender or Issuing Bank that is not a United States person within the meaning of
Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 

Foreign Subsidiary means any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Domestic
Subsidiary. 

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. in effect and applicable to the accounting
period in respect of which reference to GAAP is made. 

Governmental Authority means any federal, state, municipal,
national or other government, governmental department, commission, board, bureau, court, agency or instrumentality or political subdivision thereof or any entity or officer exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative
functions of or pertaining to any government or any court, in each case whether associated with the U.S., a foreign government or any political subdivision thereof (including any supra-national bodies). 

Governmental Authorization means any permit, license, authorization, approval, plan, directive, consent order or consent
decree of or from any Governmental Authority. 

Granting Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 9.05(e). 

31 

Guarantee of or by any Person (as used in this definition, the
Guarantor) means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of the Guarantor guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other monetary obligation of any other Person (the Primary
Obligor) in any manner and including any obligation of the Guarantor (a) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation or to purchase (or to advance or
supply funds for the purchase of) any security for the payment thereof, (b) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the owner of such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation of the payment thereof,
(c) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity of the Primary Obligor so as to enable the Primary Obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation, (d) as an account
party in respect of any letter of credit or letter of guaranty issued to support such Indebtedness or monetary obligation, (e) entered into for the purpose of assuring in any other manner the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other
monetary obligation of the payment or performance thereof or to protect such obligee against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part) or (f) secured by any Lien on any assets of such Guarantor securing any Indebtedness or other monetary
obligation of any other Person, whether or not such Indebtedness or monetary other obligation is assumed by such Guarantor (or any right, contingent or otherwise, of any holder of such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation to obtain any such
Lien); provided that the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business, or customary and reasonable indemnity obligations in effect on the Closing Date or entered into
in connection with any acquisition, Disposition or other transaction permitted under this Agreement (other than such obligations with respect to Indebtedness). The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or
determinable amount of the related primary obligation, or portion thereof, in respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the
guaranteeing Person in good faith. 

Guarantor means Holdings and any Subsidiary Guarantor. 

Hazardous Materials means any chemical, material, substance or waste, or any constituent thereof, which is prohibited,
limited or regulated under any Environmental Law or by any Governmental Authority or which poses a hazard to the Environment or to human health and safety, including, without limitation, petroleum and petroleum by-products, asbestos and
asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, medical waste and pharmaceutical waste. 

Hazardous Materials
Activity means any past, current, proposed or threatened activity, event or occurrence involving any Hazardous Material, including the use, manufacture, possession, storage, holding, presence, existence, location, Release, threatened
Release, discharge, placement, generation, transportation, processing, construction, treatment, abatement, removal, remediation, disposal, disposition or handling of any Hazardous Material, and any corrective action or response action with respect
to any of the foregoing. 

Hedge Agreement means any agreement with respect to any Derivative Transaction between any
Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary and any other Person. 

Hedging Obligations means, with respect to any Person,
the obligations of such Person under any Hedge Agreement. 

Holdings has the meaning assigned to such term in the
preamble to this Agreement and shall, for the avoidance of doubt, include any Successor Holdings. 

IFRS means
international accounting standards within the meaning of the IAS Regulation 1606/2002, as in effect from time to time (subject to the provisions of Section 1.04), to the extent applicable to the relevant financial statements. 

Immaterial Subsidiary means, as of any date, any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower (a) the assets of which do not
exceed 2.50% of Consolidated Total Assets of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries and (b) the contribution to Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA of which does not exceed 2.50% of the Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA of the Borrower and its
Restricted Subsidiaries, in each case, as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period; provided that, the Consolidated Total Assets and Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA (as so determined) of all Immaterial Subsidiaries shall not exceed
5.00% of Consolidated Total Assets and 5.00% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, in each case, of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period; provided further that, at all times prior
to the first delivery of financial statements pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b), this definition shall be applied based on the financial statements of the Borrower delivered pursuant to Section 4.01 hereof. 

32 

Immediate Family Member means, with respect to any individual, such
individuals child, stepchild, grandchild or more remote descendant, parent, stepparent, grandparent, spouse, former spouse, domestic partner, former domestic partner, sibling, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law and daughter-in-law
(including adoptive relationships), any trust, partnership or other bona fide estate-planning vehicle the only beneficiaries of which are any of the foregoing individuals, such individuals estate (or an executor or administrator acting on its
behalf), heirs or legatees or any private foundation or fund that is controlled by any of the foregoing individuals or any donor-advised fund of which any such individual is the donor. 

Incremental Cap means: 

(a) the Shared Incremental Amount, plus

(b) in the case of any Incremental Facility that effectively extends the Maturity Date with respect to any Class of Loans
and/or Commitments hereunder, an amount equal to the portion of the relevant Class of Loans or Commitments that will be replaced by such Incremental Facility, plus

(c) in the case of any Incremental Facility that effectively replaces any Revolving Credit Commitment terminated in accordance
with Section 2.19 hereof, an amount equal to the relevant terminated Revolving Credit Commitment, plus

(d) (i) the amount of any optional prepayment of any Loan in accordance with Section 2.11(a) and/or the amount
of any permanent reduction of any Revolving Credit Commitment and/or the amount of any permanent prepayment of Incremental Equivalent Debt, (ii) the amount of any optional prepayment, redemption, repurchase or other retirement of any
Replacement Term Loans or Loans under the Replacement Revolving Facility (to the extent accompanied by a permanent reduction in commitments) or Replacement Notes previously applied to the permanent prepayment of any Loans hereunder, so long as such
prepayment was not previously included in clause (d)(i) above, and (iii) the face amount of any reduction in the outstanding amount of any Term Loan resulting from any assignment of such Term Loan to (and/or assignment and/or purchase of
such Term Loan by) Holdings, the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary; provided that, for each of clauses (i), (ii) and (iii), the relevant optional prepayment, redemption, repurchase, retirement or assignment
and/or purchase was not funded with the proceeds of any long-term Indebtedness (other than revolving Indebtedness), plus

(e) an unlimited amount so long as, in the case of this clause (e), after giving effect to the relevant Incremental
Facility, (i) if such Incremental Facility is secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is pari passu with the Lien securing the Secured Obligations that are secured on a first lien basis, the First Lien Leverage Ratio does not exceed
(A) 3.65:1.00 or (B) if such Incremental Facility is incurred in connection with any Permitted Acquisition or other Investment not prohibited by the Loan Documents, the greater of (1) 3.65:1.00 and (2) the First Lien Leverage
Ratio as of the last day of the then most recently ended Fiscal Quarter, (ii) if such Incremental Facility is secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is junior to the Lien securing the Secured Obligations that are secured on a first lien
basis, either (at the election of the Borrower) (A) the Secured Leverage Ratio does not exceed (1) 4.65:1.00 or (2) if such Incremental Facility is incurred in connection with any Permitted Acquisition or other Investment not
prohibited by the Loan Documents, the greater of (x) 4.65:1.00 and (y) the Secured Leverage Ratio as of the last day of the most recently ended Fiscal Quarter or (B) the Interest Coverage Ratio is not less than (1) 2.00:1.00 or
(2) if such Incremental Facility is incurred to consummate a Permitted Acquisition or other Investment not prohibited by the Loan Documents, the lesser of (x) 2.00:1.00 and (y) the Interest Coverage Ratio as of the last day of the
most recently ended Fiscal Quarter or (iii) if such Incremental Facility is unsecured, either (at the election of the Borrower) (A) the Total Leverage Ratio does not exceed (1) 5.15:1.00 or (2) if such Incremental Facility is
incurred to consummate a Permitted Acquisition or other Investment not prohibited by the Loan Documents, the greater of (x) 5.15:1.00 and (y) the Total Leverage Ratio as of the last day of the most recently ended Fiscal Quarter or
(B) the Interest Coverage Ratio is not less than (1) 2.00:1.00 or (2) if such Incremental Facility is incurred to consummate a Permitted Acquisition or other Investment not prohibited by the Loan

33 

Documents, the lesser of (x) 2.00:1.00 and (y) the Interest Coverage Ratio as of the last day of the most recently ended Fiscal Quarter, in each case described in this clause
(e), calculated on a Pro Forma Basis including all pro forma adjustments in accordance with Section 1.09, including the application of the proceeds thereof (in the case of each of clauses (i), (ii) and
(iii) without netting the cash proceeds of the applicable Incremental Facility or any concurrent incurrence of Indebtedness on the consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower), and in the case of any Incremental Revolving
Facility then being incurred or established, assuming a full drawing of such Incremental Revolving Facility; 

provided that: 

(i) Incremental Facilities and Incremental Equivalent Debt may be incurred under one or more of clauses (a) through
(e) of this definition as selected by the Borrower in its sole discretion, 

(ii) if Incremental Facilities or
Incremental Equivalent Debt are intended to be incurred under clause (e) of this definition and any other clause of this definition in a single transaction or series of related transaction, (A) incurrence of the portion of such
Incremental Facilities or Incremental Equivalent Debt to be incurred under clause (e) of this definition shall first be calculated without giving effect to any Incremental Facilities or Incremental Equivalent Debt to be incurred under
all other clauses of this definition (other than clauses (b) and (c)), but giving full pro forma effect the use of proceeds of the entire amount of all such Incremental Facilities or Incremental Equivalent Debt and related
transactions, and (B) thereafter, incurrence of the portion of such Incremental Facilities or Incremental Equivalent Debt to be incurred under such other applicable clauses of this definition shall be calculated, 

(iii) any portion of Incremental Facilities or Incremental Equivalent Debt incurred under clauses (a) through
(d) of this definition may be reclassified, as the Borrower elects from time to time, as incurred under clause (e) of this definition if such portion of Incremental Facilities or Incremental Equivalent Debt could at such time
be incurred under clause (e) of this definition on a pro forma basis; provided, that, in the event the Borrower fails to make such reclassification, upon delivery of any financial statements pursuant to Section 5.01(a)
or (b) following the initial incurrence of such Incremental Facilities or Incremental Equivalent Debt under clauses (a) through (d) of this definition, if such Incremental Facilities or Incremental Equivalent Debt
could, based on the figures reflected in such financial statements, have been incurred under clause (e) of this definition, then such Incremental Facilities or Incremental Equivalent Debt shall automatically be reclassified as incurred
under the applicable provision of clause (e) above. Once such Incremental Facilities or Incremental Equivalent Debt is reclassified in accordance with the preceding sentence, it shall not further be reclassified as incurred under the
original basket pursuant to which such item was originally incurred; and 

(iv) incurrence of any Incremental Facilities or
Incremental Equivalent Debt to be incurred under clause (e) of this definition in a single transaction or series of related transactions shall be calculated without giving effect to any Revolving Loans incurred in connection with such
transaction or series of related transactions. 

Incremental Commitment means any commitment made by a lender to provide
all or any portion of any Incremental Facility or Incremental Loan. 

Incremental Equivalent Debt means Indebtedness in
the form of senior secured, junior secured, unsecured or subordinated notes or loans and/or commitments in respect of any of the foregoing issued, incurred or implemented in lieu of loans under an Incremental Facility; provided that: 

(a) the aggregate outstanding principal amount thereof shall not exceed the Incremental Cap (as in effect at the time of
determination, including giving effect to any reclassification on or prior to such date of determination), 

(b) except as
otherwise agreed by the lenders or holders providing such Incremental Equivalent Debt, no Event of Default exists immediately prior to or after giving effect to such notes or loans, 

34 

(c) subject to the Permitted Earlier Maturity Indebtedness Exception, the
Weighted Average Life to Maturity applicable to such Incremental Equivalent Debt (other than customary bridge loans with a maturity date not longer than one year that are exchangeable or convertible into, or are intended to be refinanced, with other
debt instruments permitted hereunder; provided, that any loans, notes, securities or other Indebtedness which are exchanged for or otherwise replace such bridge loans shall be subject to the requirements of this clause (c)) is no
shorter than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the then-existing Term Loans (without giving effect to any prepayments thereof), 

(d) subject to the Permitted Earlier Maturity Indebtedness Exception, the final maturity date with respect to such notes or
loans (other than customary bridge loans with a maturity date not longer than one year that are exchangeable or convertible into, or are intended to be refinanced, with other debt instruments permitted hereunder; provided, that any loans,
notes, securities or other Indebtedness which are exchanged for or otherwise replace such bridge loans shall be subject to the requirements of this clause (d)) is no earlier than the Latest Term Loan Maturity Date on the date of the issuance
or incurrence, as applicable, thereof, 

(e) subject to clauses (c) and (d), may otherwise have an
amortization schedule as determined by the Borrower and the lenders providing such Incremental Equivalent Debt, 

(f) in the
case of Indebtedness in the form of secured term loans (other than customary bridge loans with a maturity date not longer than one year that are exchangeable or convertible into, or are intended to be refinanced, with other debt instruments
permitted hereunder) that are secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is pari passu with the Lien on the Collateral securing the Secured Obligations that are secured on a first lien basis, the MFN Protection (but subject to the MFN Trigger
Amount exception and all other exceptions and qualifications of the MFN Protection) shall apply to such Indebtedness as if such Indebtedness were an Incremental Term Loan, 

(g) [reserved], 

(h) if such Incremental Equivalent Debt is (a) secured by a Lien on the Collateral, then such Incremental Equivalent Debt
shall be subject to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement or (b) unsecured and subordinated to the Obligations, then such Incremental Equivalent Debt shall be subject to a subordination agreement or subordination provision reasonably acceptable
to the Borrower, 

(i) no such Indebtedness may be (x) guaranteed by any Subsidiary of the Borrower which is not a Loan
Party or (y) secured by any assets other than the Collateral, and 

(j) except as otherwise permitted herein (including
with respect to pricing, fees, rate floors and optional prepayment or redemption terms), the terms of any Incremental Equivalent Debt, if not substantially consistent with or (taken as a whole) no more favorable (as reasonably determined by the
Borrower) to the lenders or holders providing such Incremental Equivalent Debt than those applicable to the Initial Term Loans, must be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent (it being agreed that (x) any terms which are applicable
only after the then-existing Latest Term Loan Maturity Date, (y) terms applicable to such Incremental Equivalent Debt that are more favorable to the lenders or the agent of such Incremental Equivalent Debt than those contained in the Loan
Documents and are then conformed (or added) to the Loan Documents for the benefit of the Lenders or, as applicable, the Administrative Agent (i.e., by conforming or adding a term to the then-outstanding Term Loans pursuant to an amendment and
(z) any market terms and conditions for such Incremental Equivalent Debt at the time of the issuance of such Incremental Equivalent Debt) shall be deemed satisfactory to the Administrative Agent). 

Incremental Facilities has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.22(a). 

Incremental Facility Amendment means
an(i) Amendment
No. 3 and (ii) any other amendments to this Agreement that is reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (solely for purposes of giving effect to Section 2.22) and the Borrower executed by each of (a) Holdings and the
Borrower, (b) the Administrative Agent and (c) each Lender that agrees to provide all or any portion of the Incremental Facility being incurred pursuant thereto and in accordance with Section 2.22. 

35 

Incremental Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 2.22(a). 

Incremental Revolving Credit Commitment means any commitment made by a lender to provide
all or any portion of any Incremental Revolving Facility. 

Incremental Revolving Facility has the meaning assigned to
such term in Section 2.22(a). 

Incremental Revolving Facility Lender means, with respect to any Incremental
Revolving Facility, each Revolving Lender providing any portion of such Incremental Revolving Facility. 

Incremental Revolving
Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.22(a). 

Incremental Term Facility has
the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.22(a). 

Incremental Term Loans has the meaning assigned to
such term in Section 2.22(a). 

Incurrence-Based Amounts has the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 1.10(c). 

Indebtedness as applied to any Person means, without duplication: 

(a) all indebtedness for borrowed money; 

(b) that portion of obligations with respect to Capital Leases to the extent recorded as a liability on a balance sheet
(excluding the footnotes thereto) of such Person prepared in accordance with GAAP; 

(c) all obligations of such Person
evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments to the extent the same would appear as a liability on a balance sheet (excluding the footnotes thereto) of such Person prepared in accordance with GAAP; 

(d) any obligation owed for all or any part of the deferred purchase price of property or services (excluding (i) any earn
out obligation or purchase price adjustment until such obligation (A) becomes a liability on the statement of financial position or balance sheet (excluding the footnotes thereto) in accordance with GAAP and (B) has not been paid within 30
days after becoming due and payable, (ii) any such obligations incurred under ERISA, (iii) accrued expenses and trade accounts payable in the ordinary course of business (including on an inter-company basis) and (iv) liabilities
associated with customer prepayments and deposits), which purchase price is (A) due more than six months from the date of incurrence of the obligation in respect thereof or (B) evidenced by a note or similar written instrument; 

(e) all Indebtedness of others secured by any Lien on any asset owned or held by such Person regardless of whether the
Indebtedness secured thereby have been assumed by such Person or is non-recourse to the credit of such Person; 

(f) the
face amount of any letter of credit issued for the account of such Person or as to which such Person is otherwise liable for reimbursement of drawings; 

(g) the Guarantee by such Person of the Indebtedness of another; 

(h) all obligations of such Person in respect of any Disqualified Capital Stock; and 

(i) all net obligations of such Person in respect of any Derivative Transaction, including any Hedge Agreement, whether or not
entered into for hedging or speculative purposes; 

36 

provided that (i) in no event shall obligations under any Derivative Transaction be deemed
Indebtedness for any calculation of the Total Leverage Ratio, the First Lien Leverage Ratio, the Secured Leverage Ratio, the Interest Coverage Ratio or any other financial ratio under this Agreement, (ii) the amount of Indebtedness
of any Person for purposes of clause (e) shall be deemed to be equal to the lesser of (A) the aggregate unpaid amount of such Indebtedness and (B) the fair market value of the property encumbered thereby as determined by such
Person in good faith and (iii) Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries shall exclude intercompany Indebtedness so long as such intercompany Indebtedness (A) has a term not exceeding 364 days (inclusive of any roll-over
or extensions of terms) and (B) of any Loan Party owed to any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party is unsecured and subordinated to the Obligations. 

For all purposes hereof, the Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any third person (including any partnership in which
such Person is a general partner and any unincorporated joint venture in which such Person is a joint venture) to the extent such Person would be liable therefor under applicable Requirements of Law or any agreement or instrument by virtue of such
Persons ownership interest in such Person, (A) except to the extent the terms of such Indebtedness; provided that such Person is not liable therefor and (B) only to the extent the relevant Indebtedness is of the type that
would be included in the calculation of Consolidated Total Debt; provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the term Indebtedness shall not include, and shall be calculated without giving effect to,
(x) the effects of Accounting Standards Codification Topic 815 and related interpretations to the extent such effects would otherwise increase or decrease an amount of Indebtedness for any purpose hereunder as a result of accounting for any
embedded derivatives created by the terms of such Indebtedness (it being understood that any such amounts that would have constituted Indebtedness hereunder but for the application of this proviso shall not be deemed an incurrence of Indebtedness
hereunder) and (y) the effects of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 133 and related interpretations to the extent such effects would otherwise increase or decrease an amount of Indebtedness for any purpose under this
Agreement as a result of accounting for any embedded derivative created by the terms of such Indebtedness (it being understood that any such amounts that would have constituted Indebtedness under this Agreement but for the application of this
sentence shall not be deemed to be an incurrence of Indebtedness under this Agreement). 

Indemnified Taxes means all
Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes or Other Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document. 

Indemnitee has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.03(b). 

Information has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.11(a). 

Information Memorandum means the Lender Presentation dated September 2021 relating to the Borrower and its subsidiaries and
the Transactions. 

Initial Lenders means the Arrangers, the Affiliates of the Arrangers and the other financial
institutions that are party to this Agreement as Lenders on the Closing Date. 

Initial Revolving Credit Commitment
means, with respect to each Initial Revolving Lender and the Additional Extended Revolving Credit Commitment Lender, the commitment of such Initial Revolving Lender and the Additional Extended Revolving Credit Commitment Lender to make Initial
Revolving Loans (including any loans made in respect of Additional Extended Revolving Credit Commitment) (and acquire participations in Letters of Credit) hereunder as set forth on Annex A to Amendment No. 2, or in the Assignment and Assumption
pursuant to which such Initial Revolving Lender assumed its Initial Revolving Credit Commitment, as applicable, as the same may be (a) reduced from time to pursuant to Section 2.09 or 2.19, (b) reduced or increased from
time to time pursuant to assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to Section 9.05 or (c) increased pursuant to Section 2.22. The aggregate amount of the Initial Revolving Credit Commitments as of the Amendment
No. 2 Effective Date is $250,000,000. 

Initial Revolving Credit Exposure means, with respect to any Lender at any
time, the aggregate Outstanding Amount at such time of all Initial Revolving Loans of such Lender, plus the aggregate amount at such time of such Lenders LC Exposure and Swingline Exposure, in each case, attributable to its Initial
Revolving Credit Commitment. 

37 

Initial Revolving Credit Maturity Date means the date that is five years
after the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date (such date, the Original Initial Revolving Credit Maturity Date); provided, that if Initial Term Loans having an aggregate principal amount in excess of $234,000,000 (the
Subject Initial Term Loans) are outstanding on the date that is 91 days prior to the stated maturity of such Initial Term Loans (or, if such date is not a Business Day, the immediately following Business Day) (such date, the
Springing Maturity Date), then the Initial Revolving Credit Maturity Date shall be the Springing Maturity Date; provided, further, that the Springing Maturity Date shall be automatically removed if the Subject Initial Term Loans
have been extended, modified, renewed, replaced, refunded or refinanced and the scheduled maturity date applicable to such extended, modified, renewed, replaced, refunded or refinanced Indebtedness is no earlier than 91 days after the Original
Initial Revolving Credit Maturity Date. For purposes of determining compliance with the provisions set forth in this Agreement that require any additional Indebtedness (Other Maturity Debt) to have a maturity date that is no
earlier than the Initial Revolving Credit Maturity Date and/or the Latest Maturity Date, (i) the stated maturity date of such Other Maturity Debt shall be no earlier than the Original Initial Revolving Credit Maturity Date and (ii) such
Other Maturity Debt may include a springing maturity date that is tied to the maturity date of the Subject Initial Term Loans. 

Initial Revolving Facility means the Initial Revolving Credit Commitments and the Initial Revolving Loans and other
extensions of credit thereunder. 

Initial Revolving Lender means any Lender with an Initial Revolving Credit Commitment
or any Initial Revolving Credit Exposure. 

Initial Revolving Loans means any revolving loans made by the Initial
Revolving Lenders to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01(a)(ii). 

Initial Term Lender means any Lender
with an Initial Term Loan Commitment or an outstanding Initial Term Loan. 

Initial Term Loan Commitment means, with
respect to each Term Lender, the commitment of such Term Lender to make Initial Term Loans hereunder in an aggregate amount not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such Term Lenders name on the Commitment Schedule, as the same may be
(a) reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 2.09 and (b) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to (i) assignments by or to such Term Lender pursuant to Section 9.05 or (ii) increased from
time to time pursuant to Section 2.22. The aggregate amount of the Term Lenders Initial Term Loan Commitments on the Closing Date is $800,000,000. 

Initial Term Loan Maturity Date means the date that is seven years after the Closing Date. 

Initial Term Loans means the term loans made by the Initial Term Lenders to the Borrower pursuant to
Section 2.01(a)(i) on the Closing Date. 

Intellectual Property has the meaning assigned to such term in the Collateral Documents. 

Intellectual Property Security Agreement means any agreement executed on the Closing Date confirming or effecting the grant
of any Lien on IP Rights owned by any Loan Party to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in accordance with this Agreement and the Security Agreement, including an Intellectual Property Security Agreement substantially
in the form of Exhibit C-1 hereto. 

Intellectual Property Security Agreement Supplement means any agreement
executed after the Closing Date confirming or effecting the grant of any Lien on IP Rights owned by any Loan Party to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in accordance with this Agreement and the Security Agreement,
including an Intellectual Property Security Agreement Supplement substantially in the form of Exhibit C-2 hereto. 

Interest Coverage Ratio means, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (a) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the
most recently ended Test Period to (b) Ratio Interest Expense for such Test Period, in each case of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 

38 

Interest Election Request means a request by the Borrower to convert or
continue a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.08 in the form of Exhibit H hereto or another form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission
system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the applicable Borrower. 

Interest Payment Date means (a) with respect to any ABR Loan, the last Business Day of each March, June, September and
December (commencing September 30, 2021) and the maturity date applicable to such Loan, (b) with respect to any LIBO Rate Loan, the last day of the Interest Period applicable to the Borrowing of which such Loan is a part and, in the case
of a LIBO Rate Borrowing with an Interest Period of more than three months duration, each day that would have been an Interest Payment Date had successive Interest Periods of three months duration been applicable to such Borrowing,
(c) as to any Term SOFR Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to such Loan and the applicable maturity date set forth in the Credit Agreement and (d) as to any RFR Loan, the last Business Day of each month and the Maturity
Date; provided, however, that if any Interest Period for a Term SOFR Loan exceeds three months, the respective dates that fall every three months after the beginning of such Interest Period shall also be Interest Payment Dates. 

Interest Period means with respect to any (a) LIBO Rate Borrowing, the period commencing on the date such Borrowing is
disbursed or converted to or continued as a LIBO Rate Borrowing, as applicable, and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that is less than one (at the Administrative Agents discretion), one, three or six months
(or, to the extent available to all relevant affected Lenders, twelve months or a shorter period) thereafter, as the Borrower may elect, and (b) Term SOFR Loan, the period commencing on the date such Term SOFR Loan is disbursed or converted to
or continued as a Term SOFR Loan and ending on the date one, three or six months thereafter, as selected by the Borrower in its Borrowing Request (in the case of each requested Interest Period, subject to availability); provided that: 

(a) if any Interest Period would end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business
Day unless such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day; and 

(b) any Interest Period that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically
corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period. 

For purposes hereof, the date of a Borrowing initially shall be the date on which such Borrowing is made and thereafter shall be the effective
date of the most recent conversion or continuation of such Borrowing. 

Investment means (a) any purchase or other
acquisition by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of any of the Securities of any other Person (other than any Loan Party), (b) the acquisition by purchase or otherwise (other than any purchase or other acquisition of inventory,
materials, supplies and/or equipment in the ordinary course of business) of all or a substantial portion of the business, property or fixed assets of any other Person or any division or line of business or other business unit of any other Person and
(c) any loan, advance (other than any advance to any current or former employee, officer, director, member of management, manager, consultant or independent contractor of the Borrower, any Restricted Subsidiary, or any Parent Company for
moving, entertainment and travel expenses, drawing accounts and similar expenditures in the ordinary course of business) or capital contribution by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to any other Person (but, in all cases, excluding,
in the case of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, intercompany loans, advances or Indebtedness so long as such Indebtedness (i) has a term not exceeding 364 days (inclusive of any roll over or extensions of terms) and (ii) of
any Loan Party owed to a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party is unsecured and subordinated to the Secured Obligations). Subject to Section 5.10, the amount of any Investment shall be the original cost of such Investment,
plus the cost of any addition thereto that otherwise constitutes an Investment, without any adjustments for increases or decreases in value, or write-ups, write-downs or write-offs with respect thereto, but giving effect to any repayments of
principal in the case of any Investment in the form of a loan and any return of capital or return on Investment in the case of any equity Investment (whether as a distribution, dividend, redemption or sale but not in excess of the amount of the
relevant initial Investment). 

39 

Investors means (a) the Sponsor, (b) the Management Investors
and (c) other investors that, directly or indirectly, beneficially owned Capital Stock in Holdings immediately prior to the consummation of the IPO. 

IP Rights has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.05(c). 

IPO means the acquisition of Parent by CCC Intelligent Solutions Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation (formerly known as
Dragoneer Growth Opportunities Corp.), a blank check company that is listed on the New York Stock Exchange. 

IRS
means the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. 

ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time by the International Swaps
and Derivatives Association, Inc. or such successor thereto. 

Issuing Bank means, as the context may require,
(a) BofA, (b) each of the other Initial Lenders (or their respective Affiliates, as applicable) as set forth on the Commitment Schedule as of the Closing Date and (c) any other Revolving Lender that is appointed as an Issuing Bank in
accordance with Section 2.05(h)(i) hereof. Each Issuing Bank may, in its discretion, arrange for one or more Letters of Credit to be issued by any branch or Affiliate of such Issuing Bank, in which case the term Issuing Bank
shall include any such branch or Affiliate with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such branch or Affiliate. Jefferies Finance LLC will cause Letters of Credit to be issued by unaffiliated financial institutions and such Letters of Credit shall
be treated as issued by Jefferies Finance LLC for all purposes under the Loan Documents. 

Junior Indebtedness means any
Indebtedness of the types described in clauses (a) and (c) of the definition of Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness among Holdings, Borrower and/or its Subsidiaries) of the Borrower or any of its Restricted
Subsidiaries that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations with an individual outstanding principal amount in excess of the Threshold Amount. 

Latest Maturity Date means, as of any date of determination, the latest maturity or expiration date applicable to any Loan
or Commitment hereunder at such time, including the latest maturity or expiration date of any Term Loan, Term Commitment, Revolving Loan or Revolving Credit Commitment. 

Latest Revolving Credit Maturity Date means, as of any date of determination, the latest maturity or expiration date
applicable to any Revolving Loan or Revolving Credit Commitment hereunder at such time. 

Latest Term Loan Maturity Date
means, as of any date of determination, the latest maturity or expiration date applicable to any Term Loan hereunder at such time. 

LC Collateral Account has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.05(i). 

LC Commitment means, with respect to each Issuing Bank, the commitment of such Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit
hereunder as set forth opposite such Issuing Banks name on the Commitment Schedule (as may be updated from time to time with the consent of such Issuing Bank or Issuing Banks, as applicable). The aggregate Letter of Credit Commitments of the
Issuing Banks as of the Closing Date is $75,000,000. 

LC Disbursement means a payment or disbursement made by an
Issuing Bank pursuant to a Letter of Credit. 

LC Exposure means, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn
amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit at such time and (b) the aggregate principal amount of all LC Disbursements that have not yet been reimbursed at such time. The LC Exposure of any Revolving Lender at any time shall equal its
Applicable Percentage of the aggregate LC Exposure at such time. 

40 

Legal Reservations means the application of relevant Debtor Relief Laws,
general principles of equity and/or principles of good faith and fair dealing. 

Lender Party means, collectively, the
Lenders, the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Banks. 

Lenders means the Term Lenders, the Revolving Lenders, any lender
with an Additional Commitment or an outstanding Additional Loan and any other Person that becomes a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption, other than any such Person that ceases to be a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and
Assumption. 

Letter of Credit means any Standby Letter of Credit or Commercial Letter of Credit issued under a
Revolving Facility pursuant to this Agreement. 

Letter-of-Credit Right has the meaning set forth in Article 9 of the
UCC. 

Letter of Credit Sublimit means $75,000,000, subject to increase in accordance with Section 2.22
hereof. 

LIBOR has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Published LIBO Rate. 

LIBO Rate means, the Published LIBO Rate, as adjusted to reflect applicable reserves prescribed by governmental
authorities; provided that, solely with respect to the Initial Revolving Loans, in no event shall the LIBO Rate be less than 0% per annum. 

Lien means any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other),
charge, or preference, priority or other security interest or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any easement, right of way or other encumbrance on title to
real property, and any Capital Lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing), in each case, in the nature of security; provided that in no event shall an operating lease in and of itself be deemed to constitute
a Lien. 

Limited Condition Acquisition means any acquisition, including by way of merger, by the Borrower or one or
more of its Restricted Subsidiaries permitted pursuant to this Agreement whose consummation is not conditioned upon the availability of, or on obtaining, third party financing. 

Loan Documents means this Agreement, Amendment No. 1, Amendment No. 2, Amendment No. 3, any Promissory Note, each Loan Guaranty, the
Collateral Documents, any Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement to which the Borrower and the Administrative Agent are party, each Refinancing Amendment, each Incremental Facility Amendment, each Extension Amendment, and the Amendment No. 3 Fee Letter (but solely for Events of Default described therein) and any other document or instrument designated by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent as a Loan Document. Any reference in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to a Loan Document shall
include all appendices, exhibits or schedules thereto. 

Loan Guaranty means the Guaranty Agreement,
substantially in the form of Exhibit I hereto, executed by each Loan Party thereto and the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, as supplemented in accordance with the terms of Section 5.12 hereof. 

Loan Installment Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.10(a). 

Loan Parties means Holdings, the Borrower and each Subsidiary Guarantor. 

Loans means any Initial Term
Loan, any Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loans, any
Additional Term Loan, any Initial Revolving Loan, Swingline Loan or any Additional Revolving Loan. 

Management
Investors means the officers, directors, managers, employees and members of management of the Borrower, any Parent Company and/or any subsidiary of the Borrower. 

41 

Margin Stock has the meaning assigned to such term in Regulation U. 

Market Capitalization means an amount equal to (i) the total number of issued and outstanding shares of common stock
or common equity interests of Holdings or its applicable Parent Company on the date of the declaration of a Restricted Payment multiplied by (ii) the arithmetic mean of the closing prices per share of such common stock or common equity
interests on the principal securities exchange on which such common stock or common equity interests are traded for the thirty (30) consecutive trading days immediately preceding the date of declaration of such Restricted Payment. 

Material Adverse Effect means, a material adverse effect on (i) the business, assets, financial condition or results
of operations, in each case, of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (ii) the rights and remedies (taken as a whole) of the Administrative Agent under the applicable Loan Documents or (iii) the ability of the
Loan Parties (taken as a whole) to perform their payment obligations under the applicable Loan Documents. 

Material Debt
Instrument means any physical instrument evidencing any Indebtedness for borrowed money which is required to be pledged and delivered to the Administrative Agent (or its bailee) pursuant to the Security Agreement. 

Maturity Date means (a) with respect to the Initial Revolving Facility, the Initial Revolving Credit Maturity Date,
(b) with respect to the Initial Term Loans and the Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loans, the Initial Term Loan Maturity Date, (c) with respect to any Replacement Term Loans or Replacement Revolving Facility, the final maturity date for such Replacement Term Loans or Replacement
Revolving Facility, as the case may be, as set forth in the applicable Refinancing Amendment, (d) with respect to any Incremental Facility, the final maturity date set forth in the applicable Incremental Facility Amendment, and (e) with
respect to any Extended Revolving Credit Commitment or Extended Term Loans, the final maturity date set forth in the applicable Extension Amendment. 

Maximum Rate has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.19. 

MFN Protection has the meaning set forth in Section 2.22(a)(v). 

MFN Trigger Amount has the meaning set forth in Section 2.22(a)(v). 

Minimum Extension Condition has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.23(b). 

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service, Inc. 

Multiemployer Plan means any employee benefit plan which is a multiemployer plan as defined in
Section 3(37) of ERISA that is subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA, and in respect of which the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates, makes or is obligated to make contributions
or with respect to which any of them has any ongoing obligation or liability, contingent or otherwise. 

Net
Insurance/Condemnation Proceeds means an amount equal to: (a) any Cash payments or proceeds (including Cash Equivalents) received by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (i) under any casualty insurance policy in
respect of a covered loss thereunder of any assets of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or (ii) as a result of the taking of any assets of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries by any Person pursuant to the power
of eminent domain, condemnation or otherwise, or pursuant to a sale of any such assets to a purchaser with such power under threat of such a taking, minus (b) (i) any actual out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by the Borrower
or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with the adjustment, settlement or collection of any claims of the Borrower or the relevant Restricted Subsidiary in respect thereof, (ii) payment of the outstanding principal amount of,
premium or penalty, if any, and interest and other amounts on any Indebtedness (other than the Loans and any Indebtedness secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is pari passu with or expressly subordinated to the Lien on the Collateral
securing any Secured Obligation) that is secured by a Lien on the assets in question and that is required to be repaid or otherwise comes due or would be in default under the terms thereof as a result of such loss, taking or sale, (iii) in the
case of a taking, the reasonable out-of-pocket costs of putting any affected property in a safe and secure position, (iv) any selling costs and out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable brokers

42 

fees or commissions, legal fees, accountants fees, investment banking fees, survey costs, title insurance premiums, and related search and recording charges, transfer taxes, deed or
mortgage recording taxes, other customary expenses and brokerage, consultant and other customary fees actually incurred in connection therewith and the Borrowers good faith estimate of income Taxes paid or payable (including pursuant to Tax
sharing arrangements or any intercompany distribution)) in connection with any sale or taking of such assets as described in clause (a) of this definition, (v) any amounts provided as a reserve in accordance with GAAP against any
liabilities under any indemnification obligation or purchase price adjustments associated with any sale or taking of such assets as referred to in clause (a) of this definition (provided that to the extent and at the time any such
amounts are released from such reserve, such amounts shall constitute Net Insurance/Condemnation Proceeds) and (vi) in the case of any covered loss or taking from a non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, the pro rata portion thereof (calculated without
regard to this clause (vi)) attributable to minority interests and not available for distribution to or for the account of the Borrower or a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary as a result thereof. 

Net Proceeds means (a) with respect to any Disposition (including any Prepayment Asset Sale), the Cash proceeds
(including Cash Equivalents and Cash proceeds subsequently received (as and when received) in respect of non-cash consideration initially received), net of (i) selling costs and out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable brokers fees or
commissions, legal fees, accountants fees, investment banking fees, survey costs, title insurance premiums, and related search and recording charges, transfer taxes, deed or mortgage recording taxes, other customary expenses and brokerage,
consultant and other customary fees actually incurred in connection therewith and the Borrowers good faith estimate of income Taxes paid or payable (including pursuant to Tax sharing arrangements or any intercompany distributions) in
connection with such Disposition), (ii) amounts provided as a reserve in accordance with GAAP against any liabilities under any indemnification obligation or purchase price adjustment associated with such Disposition (provided that to
the extent and at the time any such amounts are released from such reserve, such amounts shall constitute Net Proceeds), (iii) the principal amount, premium or penalty, if any, interest and other amounts on any Indebtedness (other than the
Loans and any other Indebtedness secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is pari passu with or expressly subordinated to the Lien on the Collateral securing any Secured Obligation) which is secured by the asset sold in such Disposition and
which is required to be repaid or otherwise comes due or would be in default and is repaid (other than any such Indebtedness that is assumed by the purchaser of such asset), (iv) Cash escrows (until released from escrow to the Borrower or any
of its Restricted Subsidiaries) from the sale price for such Disposition and (v) in the case of any Disposition by a non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, the pro rata portion of the Net Proceeds thereof (calculated without regard to this clause
(v)) attributable to minority interests and not available for distribution to or for the account of the Borrower or a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary as a result thereof; and (b) with respect to any issuance or incurrence of Indebtedness or Capital
Stock, the Cash proceeds thereof, net of all Taxes and customary fees, commissions, costs, underwriting discounts and other fees and expenses incurred in connection therewith. 

Non-Debt Fund Affiliate means any Investor (which is an Affiliate of the Borrower) and any Affiliate of any such Investor,
other than any Debt Fund Affiliate. 

Non-Defaulting Revolving Lenders has the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 2.21(d)(i). 

Notice of Intent to Cure has the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 6.14(b). 

Obligations means all unpaid principal of and accrued and unpaid interest (including
interest accruing during the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such proceeding) on the Loans, all LC Exposure, all Swingline Exposure, all accrued and
unpaid fees and all expenses (including fees and expenses accruing during the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such proceeding), reimbursements,
indemnities and all other advances to, debts, liabilities and obligations of any Loan Party to the Lenders or to any Lender, the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank, Swingline Lender, Arranger or any Indemnitee arising under the Loan Documents in
respect of any Loan, Letter of Credit or otherwise, whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption), absolute, contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising. 

OFAC has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.17(a). 

43 

Organizational Documents means (a) with respect to any corporation,
its certificate or articles of incorporation or organization and its by-laws, (b) with respect to any limited partnership, its certificate of limited partnership and its partnership agreement, (c) with respect to any general partnership,
its partnership agreement, (d) with respect to any limited liability company, its articles of organization or certificate of formation, and its operating agreement, and (e) with respect to any other form of entity, such other
organizational documents required by local Requirements of Law or customary under such jurisdiction to document the formation and governance principles of such type of entity. In the event that any term or condition of this Agreement or any other
Loan Document requires any Organizational Document to be certified by a secretary of state or similar governmental official, the reference to any such Organizational Document shall only be to a document of a type customarily certified by
such governmental official. 

Other Applicable Indebtedness has the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 2.11(b)(i). 

Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Lender, any Issuing Bank or the
Administrative Agent, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to,
performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, or engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document).

Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary Taxes or any intangible, recording, filing or
other excise or property Taxes arising from any payment made under any Loan Document or from the execution, delivery or enforcement of, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, but excluding any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes
imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 2.19(b)). 

Outstanding
Amount means (a) with respect to any Term Loan and/or Revolving Loan and/or Swingline Loan on any date, the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate outstanding principal amount thereof after giving effect to any borrowings and prepayments
or repayments of such Term Loan and/or Revolving Loan, as the case may be, occurring on such date, (b) with respect to any Letter of Credit, the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit after
giving effect to any changes in the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit or the issuance or expiry of such Letter of Credit, including as a result of any LC Disbursement and (c) with respect to any LC Disbursement
on any date, the Dollar Equivalent of the amount of the aggregate outstanding amount of such LC Disbursement on such date after giving effect to any disbursements with respect to any Letter of Credit occurring on such date and any other changes in
the aggregate amount of such LC Disbursement as of such date, including as a result of any reimbursements by the Borrower of such unreimbursed LC Disbursement. 

Parent means Cypress
Intermediate Holdings, LLC (f/k/a Cypress Intermediate Holdings,
Inc.), a Delaware corporationlimited
liability company. 

Parent Company means (a) Holdings
and (b) any other Person of which the Borrower is an indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary. 

Participant has the
meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.05(c)(i). 

Participant Register has the meaning assigned to such
term in Section 9.05(c)(ii). 

Patent means the following: (a) any and all patents and patent
applications; (b) all inventions, designs or improvements thereto described or claimed therein; (c) all reissues, reexaminations, divisions, continuations, renewals, extensions and continuations in part thereof; (d) all income,
royalties, damages, claims, and payments now or hereafter due or payable under and with respect thereto, including, without limitation, damages and payments for past and future infringements thereof; (e) all rights to sue for past, present, and
future infringements thereof; and (f) all rights corresponding to any of the foregoing. 

44 

PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation. 

Pension Plan means any employee pension benefit plan, as defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA (other than a Multiemployer
Plan), that is subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, which the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates, maintains or
contributes to or has an obligation to contribute to, or otherwise has any liability, contingent or otherwise. 

Perfection
Certificate means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit J. 

Perfection Certificate
Supplement means a supplement to the Perfection Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit K. 

Perfection
Requirements means the filing of appropriate financing statements with the office of the Secretary of State or other appropriate office of the state of organization of each Loan Party, the filing of appropriate assignments, security
agreements, instruments or notices with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and the U.S. Copyright Office, in each case in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties and to the extent required by the applicable Loan
Documents, in each case, the delivery to the Administrative Agent of any stock certificate or promissory note required to be delivered pursuant to the applicable Loan Documents, together with instruments of transfer executed in blank. 

Permitted Acquisition means any acquisition made by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, whether by
purchase, merger or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the assets of, or any business line, unit or division or product line (including research and development and related assets in respect of any product) of, any Person or of a majority of
the outstanding Capital Stock of any Person who is engaged in a Similar Business (and, in any event, including any Investment in (x) any Restricted Subsidiary the effect of which is to increase the Borrowers or any Restricted
Subsidiarys equity ownership in such Restricted Subsidiary or (y) any joint venture for the purpose of increasing the Borrowers or its relevant Restricted Subsidiarys ownership interest in such joint venture) if (A) such
Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary or such assets become the assets of a Restricted Subsidiary or (B) such Person or such assets, in one transaction or a series of related transaction, is transferred to, amalgamated, merged or consolidated
with or into, or transfers or conveys substantially all of its assets (or such division, business unit or product line) to, or is liquidated into, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary as a result of such Investment. 

Permitted Earlier Maturity Indebtedness Exception means, with respect to any Incremental Term Loans, Incremental Equivalent
Debt, Replacement Term Loans, Replacement Notes, Refinancing Indebtedness (other than in the case of Refinancing Indebtedness with respect to Section 6.01(a), (i), and/or (x)) and any Indebtedness incurred under
Sections 6.01(w)(i)(A) and (q)(ii)(A), permitted to be incurred hereunder, that up to $235,000,000 aggregate principal amount of all such Indebtedness (the Specified Debt) may have a maturity date that is
earlier than and a Weighted Average Life to Maturity that is shorter than, the Initial Term Loans or the Latest Maturity Date of any Term Loans outstanding at the time such Specified Debt is incurred or issued. 

Permitted Holders means (a) the Investors and (b) any Person with which one or more Investors form a
group (within the meaning of Section 14(d) of the Exchange Act) so long as, in the case of this clause (b), the relevant Investors beneficially own more than 50% of the relevant voting stock beneficially owned by the group.

Permitted Liens means Liens permitted pursuant to Section 6.02. 

Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company,
partnership, Governmental Authority or any other entity. 

Plan means any employee benefit plan (as such
term is defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) maintained by the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary or, with respect to any such plan that is subject to Section 412 of the Code or Title IV of ERISA, any of its ERISA Affiliates, other
than any Multiemployer Plan. 

Platform has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.01. 

45 

Prepayment Asset Sale means any Disposition by the Borrower or its
Restricted Subsidiaries made pursuant to Section 6.07(h). 

Primary Obligor has the meaning assigned to such
term in the definition of Guarantee. 

Prime Rate means the rate of interest last quoted by The
Wall Street Journal as the Prime Rate in the U.S. or, if The Wall Street Journal ceases to quote such rate, the highest per annum interest rate published by the Federal Reserve Board in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15
(519) (Selected Interest Rates) as the bank prime loan rate or, if such rate is no longer quoted therein, any similar rate quoted therein (as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent) or any similar release by the Federal
Reserve Board (as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent); it being understood in each case that, to the extent the rate is less than 0.00%, the Prime Rate shall be deemed to be 0.00%.

Pro Forma Basis or pro forma effect means, with respect to any determination of the Total Leverage
Ratio, the First Lien Leverage Ratio, the Secured Leverage Ratio, the Interest Coverage Ratio, Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA or Consolidated Total Assets (including component definitions thereof), that each Subject Transaction shall be deemed to have
occurred as of the first day of the applicable Test Period (or, in the case of Consolidated Total Assets, as of the last day of such Test Period) with respect to any test or covenant for which such calculation is being made and that: 

(a) (i) in the case of (A) any Disposition of all or substantially all of the Capital Stock of any Restricted
Subsidiary or any division and/or product line of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or (B) any designation of a Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary, income statement items (whether positive or negative) attributable to
the property or Person subject to such Subject Transaction shall be excluded as of the first day of the applicable Test Period with respect to any test or covenant for which the relevant determination is being made and (ii) in the case of any
Permitted Acquisition, Investment and/or designation of an Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary described in the definition of the term Subject Transaction, income statement items (whether positive or negative) attributable
to the property or Person subject to such Subject Transaction shall be included as of the first day of the applicable Test Period with respect to any test or covenant for which the relevant determination is being made, 

(b) any retirement or repayment of Indebtedness (other than normal fluctuations in revolving Indebtedness incurred for working
capital purposes) shall be deemed to have occurred as of the first day of the applicable Test Period with respect to any test or covenant for which the relevant determination is being made, 

(c) any Indebtedness incurred by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection therewith shall be deemed to
have occurred as of the first day of the applicable Test Period with respect to any test or covenant for which the relevant determination is being made; provided that, (x) if such Indebtedness has a floating or formula rate, such
Indebtedness shall have an implied rate of interest for the applicable Test Period for purposes of this definition determined by utilizing the rate that is or would be in effect with respect to such Indebtedness at the relevant date of determination
(taking into account any interest hedging arrangements applicable to such Indebtedness), (y) interest on any obligation with respect to any Capital Lease shall be deemed to accrue at an interest rate reasonably determined by a Responsible
Officer of the Borrower to be the rate of interest implicit in such obligation in accordance with GAAP and (z) interest on any Indebtedness that may optionally be determined at an interest rate based upon a factor of a prime or similar rate, a
eurocurrency interbank offered rate or other rate shall be determined to have been based upon the rate actually chosen, or if none, then based upon such optional rate chosen by the Borrower, 

(d) the acquisition of any asset included in calculating Consolidated Total Assets, whether pursuant to any Subject Transaction
or any Person becoming a Subsidiary or merging, amalgamating or consolidating with or into the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or the Disposition of any asset included in calculating Consolidated Total Assets described in the definition of
Subject Transaction, shall be deemed to have occurred as of the last day of the applicable Test Period with respect to any test or covenant for which such calculation is being made, and 

46 

(e) whenever a financial ratio or test is to be calculated on a pro
forma basis, the reference to the Test Period for purposes of calculating such financial ratio or test (except for purposes of determining actual compliance with Section 6.14(a)) shall be deemed to be a reference to, and
shall be based on, the most recently ended Test Period for which internal financial statements of the Borrower of the type described in Section 5.01(a) or Section 5.01(b), as applicable, have been delivered (or are required
to have been delivered) or, if earlier, are available (as determined in good faith by the Borrower). 

It is hereby agreed that for
purposes of determining pro forma compliance with Section 6.14(a) prior to the last day of the first Fiscal Quarter after the Closing Date, the applicable level shall be the level cited in
Section 6.14(a). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the immediately preceding paragraph, for the avoidance of doubt, when calculating the First Lien Leverage Ratio for purposes of the definitions of
Applicable Rate and Commitment Fee Rate and for purposes of Section 6.14(a) (other than for the purpose of determining pro forma compliance with Section 6.14(a) as a condition to taking any action
under this Agreement), the events described in the immediately preceding paragraph that occurred subsequent to the end of the applicable Test Period shall not be given pro forma effect. 

Projections means the financial projections, forecasts, financial estimates, other forward-looking and/or projected
information and pro forma financial statements of the Borrower and its subsidiaries included in the Information Memorandum (or a supplement thereto). 

Promissory Note means a promissory note of the Borrower payable to any Lender or its registered assigns, in substantially
the form of Exhibit L hereto, evidencing the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Loans of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from the Loans made by such Lender. 

Public Company Costs means Charges associated with, or in anticipation of, or preparation for, compliance with the
requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and regulations promulgated in connection therewith and Charges relating to compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act (and, in each case, similar
Requirements of Law under other jurisdictions), as applicable to companies with equity or debt securities held by the public, the rules of national securities exchange companies with listed equity or debt securities, directors or
managers compensation, fees and expense reimbursement, Charges relating to investor relations, shareholder meetings and reports to shareholders or debtholders, directors and officers insurance and other executive costs, legal and
other professional fees and listing fees. 

Public Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 9.01(d). 

Published LIBO Rate means, with respect to any Interest Period when used in reference to
any Loan or Borrowing: 

(a) with respect to any LIBO Rate Loan or LIBO Rate Borrowing in Euros, the rate per annum equal to
the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR), as published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to
time) on the day that is two TARGET Days preceding the first day of such Interest Period with a term equivalent to such Interest Period; and 

(b) with respect to any LIBO Rate Loan or LIBO Rate Borrowing in a Revolving Alternative Currency other than Euro, such
reference rate for loans or deposits in such currency for such Interest Period as the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and all Revolving Lenders shall agree. 

Qualified Capital Stock of any Person means any Capital Stock of such Person that is not Disqualified Capital Stock. 

Qualified Securitization Financing means any Securitization Financing of a Securitization Subsidiary that meets the
following conditions: (a) such Qualified Securitization Financing (including financing terms, covenants, termination events and other provisions) is in the aggregate economically fair and reasonable to the Borrower and the Securitization
Subsidiary, (b) all sales and/or contributions of Securitization Assets and related assets to the 

47 

Securitization Subsidiary are made at fair market value and (c) the financing terms, covenants, termination events and other provisions thereof, including any Standard Securitization
Undertakings, shall be market terms. The grant of a security interest in any Securitization Assets of the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries (other than a Securitization Subsidiary) to secure Indebtedness under this Agreement prior to
engaging in any Securitization Financing shall not be deemed a Qualified Securitization Financing. 

Ratio Interest
Expense means, with respect to any Person for any period, (a) the sum of consolidated total interest expense of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period, whether paid or accrued and whether or not capitalized,
(i) including (A) the interest component of any payment under any Capital Lease (regardless of whether accounted for as interest expense under GAAP), (B) amortization of original issue discount resulting from the issuance of
Indebtedness at less than par, (C) any commission, discount and/or other fee or charge owed with respect to any letter of credit and/or bankers acceptance and (D) net payments arising under any interest rate Hedge Agreement with
respect to Indebtedness and (ii) excluding (A) amortization of deferred financing fees, debt issuance costs, discounted liabilities, commissions, fees and expenses, (B) any expense arising from any bridge, commitment and/or other
financing fee, (C) any expense resulting from the discounting of Indebtedness in connection with the application of recapitalization accounting or, if applicable, acquisition accounting, (D) penalties and interest relating to Taxes and
(E) for the avoidance of doubt, any non-cash interest expense attributable to any movement in the mark to market valuation of any obligation under any Hedge Agreement or any other derivative instrument and/or any payment obligation arising
under any Hedge Agreement or derivative instrument other than any interest rate Hedge Agreement or interest rate derivative instrument with respect to Indebtedness minus (b) interest income for such period. For purposes of this
definition, interest in respect of any Capital Lease shall be deemed to accrue at an interest rate reasonably determined by such Person to be the rate of interest implicit in such Capital Lease in accordance with GAAP. 

Real Estate Asset means, at any time of determination, all right, title and interest (fee, leasehold or otherwise) of any
Loan Party in and to real property (including, but not limited to, land, improvements and fixtures thereon). 

Refinancing
Amendment means an amendment to this Agreement that is reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower executed by (a) Holdings and the Borrower, (b) the Administrative Agent and (c) each Lender that
agrees to provide all or any portion of the Replacement Term Loans or the Replacement Revolving Facility, as applicable, being incurred pursuant thereto and in accordance with Section 9.02(c). 

Refinancing Indebtedness has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.01(p). 

Refunding Capital Stock has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.04(a)(viii). 

Register has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.05(b)(iv). 

Regulation D means Regulation D of the Board as from time to time in effect and all official rulings and interpretations
thereunder or thereof. 

Regulation H means Regulation H of the Board as from time to time in effect and all official
rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 

Regulation U means Regulation U of the Board as from time to time
in effect and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 

Related Funds means with respect to any
Lender that is an Approved Fund, any other Approved Fund that is managed by the same investment advisor as such Lender or by an Affiliate of such investment advisor. 

Related Parties means, with respect to any specified Person, such Persons Affiliates and the respective directors,
managers, officers, trustees, employees, partners, agents, advisors and other representatives of such Person and such Persons Affiliates. 

48 

Release means any release, spill, emission, leaking, pumping, pouring,
injection, escaping, deposit, disposal, discharge, dispersal, dumping, leaching or migration of any Hazardous Material into the Environment (including the abandonment or disposal of any barrels, containers or other closed receptacles containing any
Hazardous Material), including the movement of any Hazardous Material through the air, soil, surface water or groundwater. 

Relevant Rate means, in the case of all Loans other than Revolving Loans that are LIBO Rate Loans, with respect to any
Credit Extension denominated in (a) British Pounds Sterling, SONIA, (b) Euros, EURIBOR, or (c) Dollars, Term SOFR, as applicable. 

Relevant Rate Loan means, any Loan bearing interest based on the Relevant Rate, as applicable. 

Replaced Revolving Facility has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.02(c)(ii). 

Replaced Term Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.02(c)(i). 

Replacement Notes means any Refinancing Indebtedness (whether issued in a public offering, Rule 144A under the Securities
Act or other private placement or bridge financing in lieu of the foregoing or otherwise) incurred in respect of Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01(a) (and any subsequent refinancing of such Replacement Notes). 

Replacement Revolving Facility has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.02(c)(ii). 

Replacement Term Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.02(c)(i). 

Reportable Event means, with respect to any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan, any of the events described in
Section 4043(c) of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder, other than those events as to which the 30-day notice period is waived under PBGC Reg. Section 4043. 

Representatives has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.13. 

Repricing Transaction means each of (a) the prepayment, repayment, refinancing, substitution or replacement of all or
a portion of the Initial Term Loans substantially concurrently with the incurrence by any Loan Party of any secured first lien term loans (including any Replacement Term Loans) having an Effective Yield that is less than the Effective Yield
applicable to the Initial Term Loans so prepaid, repaid, refinanced, substituted or replaced immediately prior to such prepayment, repayment, refinancing, substitution or replacement, as applicable, and (b) any amendment, waiver or other
modification to this Agreement that would have the effect of reducing the Effective Yield applicable to the Initial Term Loans immediately prior to such amendment, waiver or modification; provided that the primary purpose of such prepayment,
repayment, refinancing, substitution, replacement, amendment, waiver or other modification was to reduce the Effective Yield applicable to the Initial Term Loans. Any determination by the Administrative Agent of the Effective Yield for purposes of
this definition shall be conclusive and binding on all Lenders, and the Administrative Agent shall have no liability to any Person with respect to such determination absent bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct. 

Required Asset Sale Percentage means, as of any date of determination, (a) if the First Lien Leverage Ratio is greater
than 4.00:1.00, 100%, (b) if the First Lien Leverage Ratio is less than or equal to than 4.00:1.00, and greater than 3.50:1.00, 50% and (c) if the First Lien Leverage Ratio is less than or equal to 3.50:1.00, 0%; it being understood and
agreed that, for purposes of this definition as it applies to the determination of the amount of Net Proceeds that are required to be applied to prepay the Term Loans under Section 2.11(b)(ii) for any Fiscal Year, the First Lien Leverage
Ratio shall be determined on the scheduled date of prepayment and recalculated to give pro forma effect to any such prepayment. 

49 

Required Excess Cash Flow Percentage means, as of any date of
determination, (a) if the First Lien Leverage Ratio is greater than 4.00:1.00, 50%, (b) if the First Lien Leverage Ratio is less than or equal to than 4.00:1.00, and greater than 3.50:1.00, 25% and (c) if the First Lien Leverage Ratio
is less than or equal to 3.50:1.00, 0%; it being understood and agreed that, for purposes of this definition as it applies to the determination of the amount of Excess Cash Flow that are required to be applied to prepay the Term Loans under
Section 2.11(b)(i) for any Excess Cash Flow Period, the First Lien Leverage Ratio shall be determined on the scheduled date of prepayment and recalculated to give pro forma effect to any such prepayment. 

Required Lenders means, at any time, Lenders having Loans or unused Commitments representing more than 50% of the sum of
the total Loans and such unused commitments at such time. 

Required Revolving Lenders means, at any time, Lenders
having Revolving Loans, Additional Revolving Loans, unused Revolving Credit Commitments or unused Additional Revolving Credit Commitments representing more than 50% of the sum of the total Revolving Loans, Additional Revolving Loans and such unused
commitments at such time. 

Requirements of Law means, with respect to any Person, collectively, the common law and all
federal, state, local, foreign, multinational or international laws, statutes, codes, treaties, standards, rules and regulations, guidelines, ordinances, orders, judgments, writs, injunctions, decrees (including administrative or judicial precedents
or authorities) and the interpretation or administration thereof by, and other determinations, directives, requirements or requests of any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law and that are applicable to or
binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject. 

Rescindable
Amount has the meaning as defined in Section 2.18(d). 

Resolution Authority means an EEA
Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 

Responsible Officer
of any Person means the chief executive officer, the president, the chief financial officer, the treasurer, any assistant treasurer, any executive vice president, any senior vice president, any vice president or the chief operating officer of such
Person and any other individual or similar official thereof responsible for the administration of the obligations of such Person in respect of this Agreement, and, as to any document delivered on the Closing Date, shall include any secretary or
assistant secretary or any other individual or similar official thereof with substantially equivalent responsibilities of a Loan Party, and, solely for purposes of notices given pursuant to Article 2, any other officer or employee of the
applicable Loan Party so designated by any of the foregoing officers in a notice to the Administrative Agent or any other officer or employee of the applicable Loan Party designated in or pursuant to an agreement between the applicable Loan Party
and the Administrative Agent. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of any Loan Party shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and/or other action on the part
of such Loan Party, and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of such Loan Party. 

Responsible Officer Certification means, with respect to the financial statements for which such certification is required,
the certification of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower that such financial statements fairly present, in all material respects, in accordance with GAAP, the consolidated financial condition of the Borrower as at the dates indicated and its
consolidated income and cash flows for the periods indicated, subject to changes resulting from audit and normal year-end adjustments. 

Restricted Amount has the meaning set forth in Section 2.11(b)(iv). 

Restricted Debt has the meaning set forth in Section 6.04(b). 

Restricted Debt Payments has the meaning set forth in Section 6.04(b). 

Restricted Payment means (a) any dividend or other distribution on account of any shares of any class of the Capital
Stock of the Borrower, except a dividend payable solely in shares of Qualified Capital Stock of the Borrower to the holders of such class; (b) any redemption, retirement, sinking fund or similar payment, purchase or other acquisition for value
of any shares of any class of the Capital Stock of the Borrower; and (c) any payment made to retire, or to obtain the surrender of, any outstanding warrants, options or other rights to acquire shares of any class of the Capital Stock of the
Borrower now or hereafter outstanding. 

50 

Restricted Subsidiary means, as to any Person, any subsidiary of such
Person that is not an Unrestricted Subsidiary. Unless otherwise specified, Restricted Subsidiary shall mean any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower. 

Retained Excess Cash Flow Amount means, at any date of determination, an amount, determined on a cumulative basis, that is
equal to the aggregate cumulative sum of the Excess Cash Flow that is not required to be applied as a mandatory prepayment under Section 2.11(b)(i) for all Excess Cash Flow Periods ending after the Closing Date and prior to such date;
provided that such amount shall not be less than zero for any Excess Cash Flow Period. 

Revolving Alternative
Currency means British Pounds Sterling, Euro and any other currencies as shall be agreed from time to time among the Administrative Agent, each Revolving Lender, each applicable Issuing Bank and the Borrower. 

Revolving Credit Commitment means any Initial Revolving Credit Commitment and any Additional Revolving Credit Commitment.

Revolving Credit Exposure means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the aggregate Outstanding Amount at such time
of such Lenders Initial Revolving Credit Exposure and Additional Revolving Credit Exposure. 

Revolving Facility
means the Initial Revolving Facility, any Incremental Revolving Facility, any facility governing Extended Revolving Credit Commitments or Extended Revolving Loans and any Replacement Revolving Facility. 

Revolving Facility Test Condition means, as of any date of determination, without duplication, that the aggregate
Outstanding Amount of (a) all Revolving Loans (excluding, at the end of the second full Fiscal Quarter ending after the Closing Date, any Revolving Loans borrowed on the Closing Date to finance a portion of the Transactions and/or the payment
of any Transaction Costs) including Swingline Loans and (b) LC Disbursements that have not been reimbursed within three Business Days unless the applicable Letters of Credit have been cash collateralized or backstopped in an amount equal to
100% of the then-available face amount exceeds an amount equal to 35% of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment. 

Revolving
Lender means any Initial Revolving Lender and any Additional Revolving Lender. Unless the context requires otherwise, the term Revolving Lender shall include the Swingline Lender. 

Revolving Loans means any Initial Revolving Loans and any Additional Revolving Loans. 

RFR means, for any Obligations consisting of any interest, fees or other amounts denominated in British Pounds Sterling,
Daily Simple RFR. 

RFR Interest Day has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Daily Simple
RFR. 

RFR Interest Payment means, in respect of any Interest Period in relation to an RFR Loan, the aggregate
amount of interest that is, or is scheduled to become, payable under Section 2.13. 

RFR Lookback Day has
the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Daily Simple RFR. 

RFR Loan means a Loan that bears
interest at a rate based on Daily Simple RFR. 

S&P means S&P Global Ratings, a subsidiary of S&P Global
Inc. 

51 

Sale and Lease-Back Transaction means any lease of any property (whether
real, personal or mixed), whether now owned or hereafter acquired, which the Borrower or the relevant Restricted Subsidiary (a) has sold or transferred or is to sell or to transfer to any other Person (other than the Borrower or any of its
Restricted Subsidiaries) and (b) intends to use for substantially the same purpose as the property which has been or is to be sold or transferred by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary to any Person (other than the Borrower or any of its
Restricted Subsidiaries) in connection with such lease. 

Scheduled Consideration has the meaning assigned to such term
in the definition of Excess Cash Flow. 

Scheduled Unavailability Date has the meaning assigned to such term
in Section 1.12. 

SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority
succeeding to any or all of its functions. 

Secured Hedging Obligations means all Hedging Obligations (other than any
Excluded Swap Obligations) under each Hedge Agreement that (a) is in effect on the Closing Date between any Loan Party and a counterparty that is the Administrative Agent, a Lender, an Arranger or any Affiliate of the Administrative Agent, a
Lender or an Arranger as of the Closing Date, (b) is entered into after the Closing Date between any Loan Party and any counterparty that is (or is an Affiliate of) the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Arranger at the time such Hedge
Agreement is entered into or (c) is in effect on the Closing Date or entered into after the Closing Date by any Loan Party with any counterparty designated as a Secured Hedge Bank by written notice executed by the Borrower and such
counterparty to the Administrative Agent in a form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, in each case, for which such Loan Party agrees to provide security and in each case that has been designated to the Administrative Agent in writing
by the Borrower as being a Secured Hedging Obligation for purposes of the Loan Documents, it being understood that each counterparty thereto shall be deemed (A) to appoint the Administrative Agent as its agent under the applicable Loan
Documents and (B) to agree to be bound by the provisions of Article 8, Section 9.03 and Section 9.10 as if it were a Lender. 

Secured Leverage Ratio means the ratio, as of any date of determination, of (a) Consolidated Secured Debt as of the
last day of the Test Period then most recently ended to (b) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the Test Period then most recently ended, in each case of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 

Secured Obligations means all Obligations, together with (a) all Banking Services Obligations and (b) all Secured
Hedging Obligations. 

Secured Parties means (i) the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Swingline Lender,
(ii) the Administrative Agent, (iii) each counterparty to a Hedge Agreement with a Loan Party the obligations under which constitute Secured Hedging Obligations, (iv) each provider of Banking Services to any Loan Party the obligations
under which constitute Banking Services Obligations, (v) the Arrangers and (vi) the beneficiaries of each indemnification obligation undertaken by any Loan Party under any Loan Document. 

Securities means any stock, shares, units, partnership interests, voting trust certificates, certificates of interest or
participation in any profit-sharing agreement or arrangement, options, warrants, bonds, debentures, notes, or other evidences of indebtedness, secured or unsecured, convertible, subordinated or otherwise, or in general any instruments commonly known
as securities or any certificates of interest, shares or participations in temporary or interim certificates for the purchase or acquisition of, or any right to subscribe to, purchase or acquire, any of the foregoing; provided
that Securities shall not include any earn-out agreement or obligation or any employee bonus or other incentive compensation plan or agreement. 

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933 and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder. 

Securitization Assets means the accounts receivable, royalty or other revenue streams and other rights to payment subject
to a Qualified Securitization Financing and the proceeds thereof. 

52 

Securitization Fees means distributions or payments made directly or by
means of discounts with respect to any participation interest issued or sold in connection with, and other fees paid to a Person that is not a Securitization Subsidiary in connection with, any Qualified Securitization Financing. 

Securitization Financing means any transaction or series of transactions that may be entered into by the Borrower or any of
its Subsidiaries pursuant to which the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries may sell, convey or otherwise transfer to (a) a Securitization Subsidiary (in the case of a transfer by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries) or (b) any other
Person (in the case of a transfer by a Securitization Subsidiary), or may grant a security interest in, any Securitization Assets of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, and any assets related thereto, including all collateral securing such
Securitization Assets, all contracts and all guarantees or other obligations in respect of such Securitization Assets, proceeds of such Securitization Assets and other assets that are customarily transferred or in respect of which security interests
are customarily granted in connection with asset securitization transactions involving Securitization Assets. 

Securitization
Repurchase Obligation means any obligation of a seller of Securitization Assets in a Qualified Securitization Financing to repurchase Securitization Assets arising as a result of a breach of a Standard Securitization Undertaking, including
as a result of a receivable or portion thereof becoming subject to any asserted defense, dispute, offset or counterclaim of any kind as a result of any action taken by, any failure to take action by or any other event relating to the seller. 

Securitization Subsidiary means a wholly owned Subsidiary of the Borrower (or another Person formed for the purposes of
engaging in a Qualified Securitization Financing in which the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower makes an Investment and to which the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower transfers Securitization Assets and related assets) that engages
in no activities other than in connection with the financing of Securitization Assets of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries, all proceeds thereof and all rights (contingent and other), collateral and other assets relating thereto, and any business or
activities incidental or related to such business, and which is designated by the board of directors of the Borrower or such other Person (as provided below) as a Securitization Subsidiary and (a) no portion of the Indebtedness or any other
obligations (contingent or otherwise) of which (i) is guaranteed by Holdings, the Borrower or any other Subsidiary of the Borrower, other than another Securitization Subsidiary (excluding guarantees of obligations (other than the principal of,
and interest on, Indebtedness) pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings), (ii) is recourse to or obligates Holdings, the Borrower or any other Subsidiary of the Borrower, other than another Securitization Subsidiary, in any way other
than pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings or (iii) subjects any property or asset of Holdings, the Borrower or any other Subsidiary of the Borrower, other than another Securitization Subsidiary, directly or indirectly, contingently
or otherwise, to the satisfaction thereof, other than pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings, (b) with which none of Holdings, the Borrower or any other Subsidiary of the Borrower, other than another Securitization Subsidiary, has any
material contract, agreement, arrangement or understanding other than on terms which the Borrower reasonably believes to be no less favorable to Holdings, the Borrower or such Subsidiary than those that might be obtained at the time from Persons
that are not Affiliates of the Borrower and (c) to which none of Holdings, the Borrower or any other Subsidiary of the Borrower, other than another Securitization Subsidiary, has any obligation to maintain or preserve such entitys
financial condition or cause such entity to achieve certain levels of operating results. Any such designation by the board of directors of the Borrower or such other Person shall be evidenced to the Administrative Agent by delivery to the
Administrative Agent of a certified copy of the resolution of the board of directors of the Borrower or such other Person giving effect to such designation and a certificate executed by a Responsible Officer certifying that such designation complied
with the foregoing conditions. 

Security Agreement means the Pledge and Security Agreement, substantially in the form
of Exhibit M, among the Loan Parties and the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties. 

Shared
Incremental Amount means (a) the greater of (i) $235,000,000 and (ii) 100% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period calculated on a Pro Forma Basis minus
(b) (i) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Incremental Facilities and/or Incremental Equivalent Debt incurred or issued in reliance on the Shared Incremental Amount, after giving effect to any reclassification of such
Incremental Facilities or Incremental Equivalent Debt as incurred under clause (e) of the definition of Incremental Cap. 

53 

Similar Business means any Person the majority of the revenues of which
are derived from a business that would be permitted by Section 6.10 if the references to Restricted Subsidiaries in Section 6.10 were read to refer to such Person. 

SOFR means the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor
administrator). 

SOFR Adjustment with respect to Term SOFR means 0.11448% (11.448 basis points) for an Interest Period
of one-months duration, 0.26161% (26.161 basis points) for an Interest Period of three-months duration, and 0.42826% (42.826 basis points) for an Interest Period of six-months duration. 

SONIA means, with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the Sterling Overnight Index Average for such
Business Day published by the SONIA Administrator on the SONIA Administrators Website. 

SONIA Administrator means
the Bank of England (or any successor administrator of the Sterling Overnight Index Average). 

SONIA Administrators
Website means the Bank of Englands website, currently at http://www.bankofengland.co.uk, or any successor source for the Sterling Overnight Index Average identified as such by the SONIA Administrator from time to time. 

SPC has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.05(e). 

Specified Debt has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Permitted Earlier Maturity Indebtedness
Exception. 

Specified Guarantor Release Provision has the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 8.01. 

Specified Representations means the representations and warranties set forth in
Sections 3.01(a)(i), 3.02 (as it relates to the due authorization, execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents and the enforceability thereof), 3.03(b)(i), 3.08, 3.12, 3.14 (as it relates
to the creation, validity and perfection of the security interests in the Collateral), 3.16, 3.17(a)(ii), 3.17(b) and 3.17(c) (solely as it relates to the use of proceeds in violation of FCPA). 

Sponsor means, collectively, Advent, its controlled Affiliates and funds managed or advised by any of them or any of their
respective controlled Affiliates. 

Standby Letter of Credit means any Letter of Credit other than any Commercial Letter
of Credit. 

Standard Securitization Undertakings means representations, warranties, covenants and indemnities entered
into by the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower that are customary in a Securitization Financing. 

Stated Amount
means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, at any time, the maximum amount available to be drawn thereunder, in each case determined (x) as if any future automatic increases in the maximum available amount provided for in any such Letter of
Credit had in fact occurred at such time and (y) without regard to whether any conditions to drawing could then be met but after giving effect to all previous drawings made thereunder. 

Subject Indebtedness has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.03(b). 

Subject Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.11(b)(ii). 

Subject Person has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Consolidated Net Income. 

Subject Proceeds has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.11(b)(ii). 

54 

Subject Transaction means, with respect to any Test Period, (a) the
Transactions, (b) any Permitted Acquisition or any other acquisition, whether by purchase, merger or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the assets of, or any business line, unit or division of, any Person or of a majority of the
outstanding Capital Stock of any Person (and, in any event, including any Investment in (x) any Restricted Subsidiary the effect of which is to increase the Borrowers or any Restricted Subsidiarys respective equity ownership in such
Restricted Subsidiary or (y) any joint venture for the purpose of increasing the Borrowers or its relevant Restricted Subsidiarys ownership interest in such joint venture), in each case that is permitted by this Agreement,
(c) any Disposition of all or substantially all of the assets or Capital Stock of any subsidiary (or any business unit, line of business or division of the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary) not prohibited by this Agreement, (d) the
designation of a Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary or an Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary in accordance with Section 5.10 hereof, (e) any incurrence or repayment of Indebtedness and/or
(f) any other event that by the terms of the Loan Documents requires pro forma compliance with a test or covenant hereunder or requires such test or covenant to be calculated on a pro forma basis. 

Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, association, joint
venture or other business entity of which more than 50% of the total voting power of stock or other ownership interests entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of the Person or Persons (whether
directors, trustees or other Persons performing similar functions) having the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person or one or more of
the other subsidiaries of such Person or a combination thereof, in each case to the extent such entitys financial results are required to be included in such Persons consolidated financial statements under GAAP; provided that in
determining the percentage of ownership interests of any Person controlled by another Person, no ownership interests in the nature of a qualifying share of the former Person shall be deemed to be outstanding. Unless otherwise specified,
Subsidiary shall mean any Subsidiary of the Borrower. 

Subsidiary Guarantor means (x) on the Closing
Date, each Subsidiary of the Borrower (other than any such Subsidiary that is an Excluded Subsidiary on the Closing Date) and (y) thereafter, each Subsidiary of the Borrower that becomes a guarantor of the Secured Obligations pursuant to the
terms of this Agreement, in each case, until such time as the relevant Subsidiary is released from its obligations under the Loan Guaranty in accordance with the terms and provisions hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Borrower may elect to
cause any Restricted Subsidiary that is not otherwise required to be a Subsidiary Guarantor to provide a Loan Guaranty by causing such Restricted Subsidiary to execute a joinder to the Loan Guaranty in substantially the form attached as an exhibit
thereto, and any such Restricted Subsidiary shall be a Loan Party and Subsidiary Guarantor hereunder for all purposes; provided that such election shall be at the sole discretion of the Borrower with the consent of the Administrative Agent
(which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed); provided, further, that upon such an election such Restricted Subsidiary shall no longer be deemed to be an Excluded Subsidiary. 

Successor Borrower has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.07(a). 

Successor Holdings has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.13(c). 

Successor Rate has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.12. 

Successor Rate Conforming Changes means, with respect to the use, administration of or any conventions associated with
SOFR, Term SOFR or any proposed Successor Rate, as applicable, any conforming changes to the definitions of Alternate Base Rate, SOFR, Term SOFR, Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining
rates and making payments of interest and other technical, administrative or operational matters (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the definitions of Business Day and U.S. Government Securities Business Day, timing of
borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices and length of lookback periods) as may be appropriate, in the reasonable discretion of the Administrative Agent and in consultation with the Borrower, to reflect the adoption and
implementation of such Successor Rate and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent reasonably determines that adoption of any portion
of such market practice is not administratively feasible or that no market practice for comparable syndicated credit facilities for the administration of such Successor Rate exists, in such other manner of administration that the Administrative
Agent reasonably determines (in consultation with the Borrower) is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and any other Loan Document). 

55 

Swap Obligations means, with respect to any Guarantor, any obligation to
pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of Section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 

Swingline Exposure means, at any time, the aggregate principal amount of all Swingline Loans outstanding at such time. The
Swingline Exposure of any Revolving Lender at any time shall equal to its Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage of the aggregate Swingline Exposure at such time. 

Swingline Lender means BofA, in its capacity as lender of Swingline Loans hereunder, or any successor lender of Swingline
Loans hereunder. 

Swingline Loan means any Loan made pursuant to Section 2.04. 

Swingline Sublimit has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.04(a). 

TARGET2 means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer payment system which utilizes a
single shared platform and which was launched on November 19, 2007. 

TARGET Day means any day on which TARGET2
(or, if such payment system ceases to be operative, such other payment system, if any, determined by the Administrative Agent to be a suitable replacement) is open for the settlement of payments in Euro. 

Taxes means all present and future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding),
assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 

Term Commitment means any Initial Term Loan Commitment and any Additional Term Loan Commitment. 

Term Facility means the Term Loans provided to or for the benefit of the Borrower pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

Term Lender means any Initial Term
Lender, any Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loan Lender and
any Additional Term Lender. 

Term Loan means the Initial Term Loans, the Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loans and, if applicable, any
other Additional Term Loans. 

Term SOFR means: 

(a) for any Interest Period with respect to a Term SOFR Loan, the rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR Screen Rate two (2) U.S.
Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period with a term equivalent to such Interest Period; provided that if the rate is not published prior to 11:00 a.m. on such determination date then Term SOFR
means the Term SOFR Screen Rate on the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately prior thereto, in each case, plus, solely with respect to the
Initial Term FacilityLoans, the SOFR Adjustment for such Interest Period; and 

(b) for any interest calculation with
respect to a Base Rate Loan on any date, the rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR Screen Rate two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such date with a term of one month commencing that day; provided that if the rate is
not published prior to 11:00 a.m. on such determination date then Term SOFR means the Term SOFR Screen Rate on the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately prior thereto, in each case, plus, solely with respect to the Initial Term FacilityLoans, the SOFR Adjustment for such term; 

56 

provided that if Term SOFR determined in accordance with either of the foregoing
provisions (a) or (b) of this definition would otherwise be less than 0.50%, Term SOFR shall be deemed 0.50% for purposes of this Agreement. 

Term SOFR Borrowing means a Borrowing Comprised on Term SOFR Loans. 

Term SOFR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on clause (a) of the definition of Term SOFR. 

Term SOFR Screen Rate means the forward-looking SOFR term rate administered by CME (or any successor administrator
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) and published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time). 

Termination Date has the meaning assigned to such term in the lead-in to Article 5. 

Test Period means, as of any date, the period of four consecutive Fiscal Quarters then most recently ended for which
financial statements under Section 5.01(a) or Section 5.01(b), as applicable, have been delivered (or are required to have been delivered), or to the extent applicable, in accordance with the definition of Pro Forma
Basis, for which internal financial statements are available (except for purposes of determining actual compliance with Section 6.14(a)); it being understood and agreed that prior to the first delivery (or required delivery) of
financial statements pursuant to Section 5.01(a), Test Period means the period of four consecutive Fiscal Quarters most recently ended for which financial statements for the Borrower are available. 

Threshold Amount means $70,000,000. 

Total Leverage Ratio means the ratio, as of any date of determination, of (a) Consolidated Total Debt outstanding as
of the last day of the Test Period then most recently ended to (b) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the Test Period then most recently ended, in each case of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 

Total Revolving Credit Commitment means, at any time, the aggregate amount of each Revolving Credit Commitment of all
Revolving Lenders, as in effect at such time. 

Trademark means the following: (a) all trademarks (including
service marks), common law marks, trade names, trade dress, domain names and logos, slogans and other indicia of origin under the Requirements of Law of any jurisdiction in the world, and the registrations and applications for registration thereof
and the goodwill of the business symbolized by the foregoing; (b) all renewals of the foregoing; (c) all income, royalties, damages, and payments now or hereafter due or payable with respect thereto, including, without limitation, damages,
claims, and payments for past and future infringements, dilutions or violations thereof; (d) all rights to sue for past, present, and future infringements, dilutions or violations of the foregoing, including the right to settle suits involving
claims and demands for royalties owing; and (e) all domestic rights corresponding to any of the foregoing. 

Transaction
Costs means fees, premiums, expenses and other transaction costs (including original issue discount or upfront fees) payable or otherwise borne by any Parent Company and/or its Subsidiaries in connection with the Transactions and the
transactions contemplated thereby. 

Transactions means, collectively, (a) the execution, delivery and performance
by the Loan Parties of the Loan Documents to which they are a party and the Borrowing of Loans hereunder on the Closing Date, (b) the Closing Date Refinancing, (c) the IPO and any prepayments under the Existing Credit Agreement in
connection therewith and (d) the payment of the Transaction Costs. 

57 

Treasury Capital Stock has the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 6.04(a)(viii). 

Treasury Regulations means the U.S. federal income tax regulations promulgated
under the Code. 

Type, when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest on such
Loan, or on the Loans comprising such Borrowing, is determined by reference to the LIBO Rate, Term SOFR, RFR or the Alternate Base Rate. 

UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in the State of New York or any other state the laws
of which are required to be applied in connection with the creation or perfection of security interests. 

UK Financial
Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended form time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA
Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 

UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for
the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 

Unrestricted Cash Amount means, as to any Person on any date of
determination, the amount of (a) unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents of such Person and (b) Cash and Cash Equivalents of such Person that are restricted in favor of the Credit Facilities and/or other permitted pari passu or
junior secured Indebtedness (which may also include Cash and Cash Equivalents securing other Indebtedness that is secured by a Lien on Collateral along with the Credit Facilities and/or other permitted pari passu or junior secured
Indebtedness) whether or not held in a pledged account. 

Unrestricted Subsidiary means (i) each Securitization
Subsidiary and (ii) any Subsidiary of the Borrower that is listed on Schedule 5.10 hereto or designated by the Borrower as an Unrestricted Subsidiary after the Closing Date pursuant to Section 5.10. 

U.S. means the United States of America. 

U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any Business Day, except any Business Day on which any of the Securities
Industry and Financial Markets Association, the New York Stock Exchange or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is not open for business because such day is a legal holiday under the federal laws of the United States or the laws of the State of New
York, as applicable. 

U.S. Lender means any Lender or Issuing Bank that is a United States person within
the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 

U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning assigned to such
term in Section 2.17(f). 

USA PATRIOT Act means The Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing
Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (Title III of Pub. L. No. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)). 

Weighted Average Life to Maturity means, when applied to any Indebtedness at any date, the number of years obtained by
dividing: (a) the sum of the products obtained by multiplying (i) the amount of each then remaining installment, sinking fund, serial maturity or other required scheduled payments of principal, including payment at final maturity, in
respect thereof, by (ii) the number of years (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth) that will elapse between such date and the making of such payment; by (b) the then outstanding principal amount of such Indebtedness; provided that
the effects of any prepayments made on such Indebtedness shall be disregarded in making such calculation. 

58 

Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of any Person means a subsidiary of such Person,
100% of the Capital Stock of which (other than directors qualifying shares or shares required by Requirements of Law to be owned by a resident of the relevant jurisdiction) shall be owned by such Person or by one or more Wholly-Owned
Subsidiaries of such Person. 

Withdrawal Liability means the liability to any Multiemployer Plan as the result of a
complete or partial withdrawal by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate from such Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA. 

Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and
conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with
respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that
liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to
suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 

Section 1.02. Classification of Loans and Borrowings. For purposes of this Agreement, Loans may be classified and referred to by
Class (e.g., a Term Loan) or by Type (e.g., a LIBO Rate Loan, Term SOFR Loan, RFR Loan or an ABR Loan) or by Class and Type (e.g., a LIBO Rate Revolving Loan or Term SOFR
Term Loan). Borrowings also may be classified and referred to by Class (e.g., a Term Loan Borrowing, a Revolving Loan Borrowing or a Swingline Loan Borrowing) or by Type (e.g., a LIBO Rate
Borrowing or Term SOFR Borrowing) or by Class and Type (e.g., a LIBO Rate Revolving Loan Borrowing or Term SOFR Term Loan Borrowing). For the avoidance of doubt, all LIBO Rate Loans shall be LIBO Rate
Revolving Loans and all LIBO Rate Revolving Loans shall be denominated in Euros. 

Section 1.03. Terms Generally. 

(a) The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may
require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include, includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation. The
word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall. Unless the context requires otherwise, (a) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein or in
any Loan Document (including any reference to any Loan Document) shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified or
extended, replaced or refinanced (subject to any restrictions or qualifications on such amendments, restatements, amendment and restatements, supplements or modifications or extensions, replacements or refinancings set forth herein), (b) any
reference to any Requirement of Law in any Loan Document shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing, supplementing or interpreting such Requirement of Law, (c) any reference herein or in any Loan
Document to any Person shall be construed to include such Persons successors and permitted assigns, (d) the words herein, hereof and hereunder, and words of similar import, when used in any Loan
Document, shall be construed to refer to such Loan Document in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (e) all references herein or in any Loan Document to Articles, Sections, clauses, paragraphs, Exhibits and Schedules shall
be construed to refer to Articles, Sections, clauses and paragraphs of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, such Loan Document, (f) in the computation of periods of time in any Loan Document from a specified date to a later specified date, the word
from means from and including, the words to and until mean to but excluding and the word through means to and including and (g) the words asset and
property, when used in any Loan Document, shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including Cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. 

(b) For purposes of determining compliance at any time with Sections 6.01, 6.02, 6.04, 6.06, 6.07 or
6.09 in the event that any Indebtedness, Lien, Restricted Payment, Restricted Debt Payment, Investment, Disposition and/or Affiliate transaction, as applicable, meets the criteria of more than one of the categories of transactions or items
permitted pursuant to any clause of such Sections 6.01 (other than Section 6.01(a)), 6.02 (other than Section 6.02(a)), 

59 

6.04, 6.06, 6.07 or 6.09, the Borrower, in its sole discretion, may, from time to time, classify or reclassify such transaction or item (or portion thereof) under one
or more clauses of each such Section and will only be required to include the amount and type of such transaction (or portion thereof) in any one category; provided that, upon delivery of any financial statements pursuant to
Section 5.01(a) or (b) following the initial incurrence of any portion of any Indebtedness incurred under Section 6.01 (other than Section 6.01(a)) (such portion of Indebtedness, the Subject
Indebtedness), if any such Subject Indebtedness could, based on any such financial statements, have been incurred under Section 6.01(w), such Subject Indebtedness shall automatically be reclassified as incurred under the
applicable provisions of Section 6.01(w) (in each case, subject to any other applicable provisions of Section 6.01(w), including with respect to the limitation on Indebtedness incurred in reliance on
Section 6.01(w) by Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties). It is understood and agreed that (A) any Indebtedness, Lien, Restricted Payment, Restricted Debt Payment, Burdensome Agreement, Investment, Disposition and/or
Affiliate transaction need not be permitted solely by reference to one category of permitted Indebtedness, Lien, Restricted Payment, Restricted Debt Payment, Burdensome Agreement, Investment, Disposition and/or Affiliate transaction under
Sections 6.01, 6.02, 6.04, 6.05, 6.06, 6.07 or 6.09, respectively, but may instead be permitted in part under any combination thereof and of any other available exemption and (B) the Borrower
(i) shall in its sole discretion determine under which category such Indebtedness, Lien, Restricted Payment, Restricted Debt Payment, Burdensome Agreement, Investment, Disposition and/or Affiliate transaction (or, in each case, any portion
there) is permitted and (ii) shall be permitted, in its sole discretion, to make any redetermination and/or to divide, classify or reclassify under which category or categories such Indebtedness, Lien, Restricted Payment, Restricted Debt
Payment, Burdensome Agreement, Investment, Disposition and/or Affiliate transaction is permitted from time to time as it may determine, including reclassifying any utilization of Fixed Amounts as incurred under any available Incurrence-Based Amount
(but not back again to Fixed Amounts if so reclassified to an Incurrence-Based Amount) and if any such test would be satisfied in any subsequent fiscal quarter following the relevant date of determination, then such reclassification shall be deemed
to have automatically occurred at such time. For the avoidance of doubt, if the applicable date for meeting any requirement hereunder or under any other Loan Document falls on a day that is not a Business Day, compliance with such requirement shall
not be required prior to noon on the first Business Day following such applicable date. 

Section 1.04. Accounting Terms; GAAP.

(a) All financial statements to be delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP as in effect from time
to time and, except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms of an accounting nature that are used in calculating the Total Leverage Ratio, the First Lien Leverage Ratio, the Secured Leverage Ratio, the Interest Coverage Ratio, Consolidated
Adjusted EBITDA or Consolidated Total Assets shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to time; provided that if the Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent that the Borrower requests an amendment
to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the date of delivery of the financial statements described in Section 3.04(a) in GAAP or in the application thereof (including the conversion to IFRS as
described below) on the operation of such provision (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before
or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change becomes effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such
provision shall have been amended in accordance herewith; provided, further, that if such an amendment is requested by the Borrower or the Required Lenders, then the Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall negotiate in good faith
to enter into an amendment of the relevant affected provisions (without the payment of any amendment or similar fee to the Lenders) to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP or the application thereof; provided,
further, that all terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall be made without giving effect to (i) any election under Accounting Standards
Codification 825-10-25 (previously referred to as Statement of Financial Accounting Standards 159) (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any Indebtedness or other
liabilities of the Borrower or any Subsidiary at fair value, as defined therein and (ii) any treatment of Indebtedness in respect of convertible debt instruments under Accounting Standards Codification 470-20 (or any other
Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any such Indebtedness in a reduced or bifurcated manner as described therein, and such Indebtedness shall at all times be valued at the
full stated principal amount thereof. If the Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent that the Borrower (or its applicable Parent Company) is required to report under IFRS or has elected to do so through an early adoption policy, GAAP
shall mean international financial reporting standards pursuant to IFRS (provided that after such conversion, the Borrower cannot elect to report under GAAP). 

60 

(b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, but subject to Section 1.10
hereof, all financial ratios and tests (including the Total Leverage Ratio, the First Lien Leverage Ratio, the Secured Leverage Ratio, the Interest Coverage Ratio and the amount of Consolidated Total Assets and Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA)
contained in this Agreement that are calculated with respect to any Test Period during which any Subject Transaction occurs shall be calculated with respect to such Test Period and such Subject Transaction on a Pro Forma Basis. Further, if since the
beginning of any such Test Period and on or prior to the date of any required calculation of any financial ratio or test (x) any Subject Transaction has occurred or (y) any Person that subsequently became a Restricted Subsidiary or was
merged, amalgamated or consolidated with or into the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any joint venture since the beginning of such Test Period has consummated any Subject Transaction, then, in each case, any applicable financial
ratio or test shall be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis for such Test Period as if such Subject Transaction had occurred at the beginning of the applicable Test Period (it being understood, for the avoidance of doubt, that solely for purposes of
(x) calculating quarterly compliance with Section 6.14(a) and (y) calculating the First Lien Leverage Ratio for purposes of the definitions of Applicable Rate and Commitment Fee Rate, in each case, the
date of the required calculation shall be the last day of the Test Period, and no Subject Transaction occurring thereafter shall be taken into account). 

(c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in paragraph (a) above or in the definition of Capital Lease,
only those leases that would constitute Capital Leases in conformity with GAAP on April 27, 2017 shall be considered Capital Leases, and all calculations and deliverables under this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be made or
delivered, as applicable, in accordance therewith. 

Section 1.05. Effectuation of Transactions. Each of the representations
and warranties contained in this Agreement (and all corresponding definitions) is made after giving effect to the Transactions, unless the context otherwise requires. 

Section 1.06. Timing of Payment of Performance. When payment of any obligation or the performance of any covenant, duty or
obligation is stated to be due or required on a day which is not a Business Day, the date of such payment (other than as described in the definition of Interest Period) or performance shall extend to the immediately succeeding Business
Day, and, in the case of any payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall be payable for the period of such extension. 

Section 1.07. Times of Day. Unless otherwise specified herein, all references herein to times of day shall be references to New
York City time (daylight or standard, as applicable). 

Section 1.08. Currency Equivalents Generally. 

(a) For purposes of any determination (including, without limitation, as to Borrowings, Letters of Credit, LC Commitments, LC Disbursements,
LC Exposure, the Letter of Credit Sublimit, Loans, Revolving Credit Commitments and Revolving Credit Exposure) under Article 1, Article 2, Article 5, Article 6 (other than Section 6.14(a) and the
calculation of compliance with any financial ratio for purposes of taking any action hereunder) or Article 7 with respect to the amount of any Borrowing, Indebtedness, Lien, Restricted Payment, Restricted Debt Payment, Investment,
Disposition, Sale and Lease-Back Transaction, Affiliate transaction or other transaction, event or circumstance, or any determination under any other provision of this Agreement (any of the foregoing, a specified transaction), in
a currency other than Dollars, (i) the Dollar Equivalent amount of a specified transaction in a currency other than Dollars shall be calculated based on the relevant rate of exchange quoted by the Bloomberg Foreign Exchange Rates &
World Currencies Page (or any successor page thereto, or in the event such rate does not appear on any Bloomberg Page, by reference to such other publicly available service for displaying exchange rates as may be agreed upon by the Administrative
Agent and the Borrower) (the Exchange Rate) for such foreign currency, as in effect at 11:00 a.m. (London time) on the date of such specified transaction (which, in the case of any Restricted Payment, shall be deemed to be the
date of the declaration thereof and, in the case of the incurrence of Indebtedness, shall be deemed to be on the date first committed); provided, that if any Indebtedness is incurred (and, if applicable, associated Lien granted) to refinance
or replace other Indebtedness denominated in a currency other than Dollars, and the relevant refinancing or replacement would cause the applicable Dollar-denominated restriction to be exceeded if 

61 

calculated at the relevant Exchange Rate in effect on the date of such refinancing or replacement, such Dollar-denominated restriction shall be deemed not to have been exceeded so long as the
principal amount of such refinancing or replacement Indebtedness (and, if applicable, associated Lien granted) does not exceed an amount sufficient to repay the principal amount of such Indebtedness being refinanced or replaced, except by an amount
equal to (x) unpaid accrued interest and premiums (including tender premiums) thereon plus other reasonable and customary fees and expenses (including upfront fees and original issue discount) incurred in connection with such refinancing
or replacement, (y) any existing commitments unutilized thereunder and (z) additional amounts permitted to be incurred under Section 6.01 and (ii) for the avoidance of doubt, no Default or Event of Default shall be deemed
to have occurred solely as a result of a change in the rate of currency exchange occurring after the time of any specified transaction so long as such specified transaction was permitted at the time incurred, made, acquired, committed, entered or
declared as set forth in clause (i). For purposes of Section 6.14(a) and the calculation of compliance with any financial ratio for purposes of taking any action hereunder, on any relevant date of determination, amounts
denominated in currencies other than Dollars shall be translated into Dollars at the applicable Exchange Rate used in preparing the financial statements delivered pursuant to Sections 5.01(a) or (b) (or, prior to the first such
delivery, the financial statements referred to in Section 3.04), as applicable, for the relevant Test Period and will, with respect to any Indebtedness, reflect the currency translation effects, determined in accordance with GAAP, of any
Hedge Agreement permitted hereunder in respect of currency exchange risks with respect to the applicable currency in effect on the date of determination for the Dollar Equivalent amount of such Indebtedness. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything
to the contrary herein, to the extent that the Borrower would not be in compliance with Section 6.14(a) if any Indebtedness denominated in a currency other than Dollars were to be translated into Dollars on the basis of the applicable
Exchange Rate used in preparing the financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b), as applicable, for the relevant Test Period, but would be in compliance with Section 6.14(a) if such Indebtedness
that is denominated in a currency other than in Dollars were instead translated into Dollars on the basis of the average relevant Exchange Rates over such Test Period (taking into account the currency translation effects, determined in accordance
with GAAP, of any Hedge Agreement permitted hereunder in respect of currency exchange risks with respect to the applicable currency in effect on the date of determination for the Dollar Equivalent amount of such Indebtedness), then, solely for
purposes of compliance with Section 6.14(a), the First Lien Leverage Ratio as of the last day of such Test Period shall be calculated on the basis of such average relevant Exchange Rates. 

(b) Each provision of this Agreement shall be subject to such reasonable changes of construction as the Administrative Agent may from time to
time specify with the Borrowers consent to appropriately reflect a change in currency of any country and any relevant market convention or practice relating to such change in currency. 

Section 1.09. Cashless Rollovers. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement or in any other Loan
Document, to the extent that any Lender extends the maturity date of, or replaces, renews or refinances, any of its then-existing Loans with Incremental Loans, Replacement Term Loans, Loans in connection with any Replacement Revolving Facility,
Extended Term Loans, Extended Revolving Loans or loans incurred under a new credit facility, in each case, to the extent such extension, replacement, renewal or refinancing is effected by means of a cashless roll by such Lender, such
extension, replacement, renewal or refinancing shall be deemed to comply with any requirement hereunder or any other Loan Document that such payment be made in Dollars, in immediately available funds, in Cash or
any other similar requirement. 

Section 1.10. Certain Calculations and Tests. 

(a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, to the extent that the terms of this Agreement require (i) compliance with any
financial ratio or test (including, without limitation, Section 6.14(a) hereof, any First Lien Leverage Ratio test, any Secured Leverage Ratio test, any Total Leverage Ratio test and/or any Interest Coverage Ratio test) and/or any cap
expressed as a percentage of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA or (ii) the absence of a Default or Event of Default (or any type of Default or Event of Default) as a condition to (A) the consummation of any transaction in connection with any
acquisition or similar Investment (including the assumption or incurrence of Indebtedness), (B) the making of any Restricted Payment and/or (C) the making of any Restricted Debt Payment, the determination of whether the relevant condition
is satisfied may be made, at the election of the Borrower, (1) in the case of any acquisition or similar Investment (including with respect to any Indebtedness assumed or incurred in connection therewith), at the time of (or on the basis of the
financial statements for the most recently ended Test Period at the time of) either (x) in the case of any Limited Condition Acquisition, the execution of the definitive agreement with respect to such acquisition or Investment or (y) the
consummation of such acquisition or Investment, (2) in the 

62 

case of any Restricted Payment (including with respect to any Indebtedness assumed or incurred in connection therewith), at the time of (or on the basis of the financial statements for the most
recently ended Test Period at the time of) (x) the declaration of such Restricted Payment so long as such Restricted Payment is made within 60 days of such declaration or (y) the making of such Restricted Payment and (3) in the case
of any Restricted Debt Payment (including with respect to any Indebtedness assumed or incurred in connection therewith), at the time of (or on the basis of the financial statements for the most recently ended Test Period at the time of)
(x) delivery of irrevocable (which may be conditional) notice with respect to such Restricted Debt Payment or (y) the making of such Restricted Debt Payment, in each case, after giving effect, on a Pro Forma Basis, to (I) the relevant
acquisition, Investment, Restricted Payment, Restricted Debt Payment and/or any related Indebtedness (including the intended use of proceeds thereof) and (II) to the extent definitive documents in respect thereof have been executed or the
declaration of any Restricted Payment or delivery of notice with respect to a Restricted Debt Payment (which definitive documents, declaration or notice has not terminated or expired without the consummation thereof), any additional acquisition,
Investment, Restricted Payment, Restricted Debt Payment and/or any related Indebtedness (including the intended use of proceeds thereof) that the Borrower has elected to be determined as set forth in this clause (a). 

(b) For purposes of determining the permissibility of any action, change, transaction or event that requires a calculation of any financial
ratio or test (including, without limitation, Section 6.14(a) hereof, any First Lien Leverage Ratio test, any Secured Leverage Ratio test, any Total Leverage Ratio test and/or any Interest Coverage Ratio test and/or the amount of
Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA or Consolidated Total Assets), such financial ratio or test shall be calculated at the time such action is taken (subject to clause (a) above), such change is made, such transaction is consummated or such
event occurs, as the case may be, and no Default or Event of Default shall be deemed to have occurred solely as a result of a change in such financial ratio or test occurring after such calculation. 

(c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, with respect to any amounts incurred or transactions entered into (or consummated) in
reliance on a provision of this Agreement that does not require compliance with a financial ratio or test (including, without limitation, Section 6.14(a) hereof, any First Lien Leverage Ratio test, any Secured Leverage Ratio test, any
Total Leverage Ratio test and/or any Interest Coverage Ratio test) (any such amounts, the Fixed Amounts) substantially concurrently with any amounts incurred or transactions entered into (or consummated) in reliance on a provision
of this Agreement that requires compliance with a financial ratio or test (including, without limitation, Section 6.14(a) hereof, any First Lien Leverage Ratio test, any Secured Leverage Ratio test, any Total Leverage Ratio test and/or
any Interest Coverage Ratio test) (any such amounts, the Incurrence-Based Amounts), it is understood and agreed that the Fixed Amounts shall be disregarded in the calculation of the financial ratio or test applicable to the
Incurrence-Based Amounts; provided that the incurrence of Indebtedness or Liens constituting Fixed Amounts shall be taken into account for purposes of Incurrence-Based Amounts under Article 6 (other than Sections 6.01 and
6.02); provided, further, that any Revolving Loans borrowed in connection with any transactions pursuant to which an Incurrence-Based Amount is being determined shall be disregarded for purposes of calculating the applicable
Incurrence-Based Amounts. 

(d) The principal amount of any non-interest bearing Indebtedness or other discount security constituting
Indebtedness at any date shall be the principal amount thereof that would be shown on a balance sheet of the Borrower dated such date prepared in accordance with GAAP. 

(e) The increase in amounts secured by Liens by virtue of accrual of interest, the accretion of accreted value, the payment of interest or
dividends in the form of additional Indebtedness, amortization of original issue discount and increases in the amount of Indebtedness outstanding solely as a result of fluctuations in the exchange rate of currencies will not be deemed to be an
incurrence of Liens for purposes of Section 6.02. 

Section 1.11. Divisions. For all purposes under the Loan
Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdictions laws), if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Restricted Subsidiary becomes the asset,
right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from such Restricted Subsidiary to the subsequent Person. 

Section 1.12. Effect of Benchmark Transition Event. 

(a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Documents, if the Administrative Agent determines (which
determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error), or the Borrower or Required Lenders notify the Administrative Agent (with, in the case of the Required Lenders, a copy to the Borrower) that the Borrower or Required Lenders (as applicable)
have determined with respect to an Applicable Currency, that: 

63 

(i) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Relevant
Rate for such Applicable Currency for any Interest Period hereunder or any other tenors of such Relevant Rate, including because the Relevant Rate for such Applicable Currency is not available or published on a current basis at such time and such
circumstances are unlikely to be temporary; or 

(ii) the administrator of the Relevant Rate for such Applicable Currency or
a Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Administrative Agent or such administrator has made a public statement identifying a specific date after which the Relevant Rate for such Applicable Currency shall no longer be made available, or
used for determining the interest rate of loans denominated in such Applicable Currency, provided that, in each case, at the time of such statement, there is no successor administrator that is reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that
will continue to provide the Relevant Rate for such Applicable Currency after such specific date (such specific date, the Scheduled Unavailability Date); or 

(iii) the administrator of the Relevant Rate for such Applicable Currency or a Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over
such administrator has made a public statement announcing that all Interest Periods and other tenors of the Relevant Rate are no longer representative; or 

(iv) syndicated loans being executed at the time of such determination, or that include language similar to that contained in
this Section 1.12, are being executed or amended (as applicable) to incorporate or adopt a new benchmark interest rate to replace the Relevant Rate for such Applicable Currency, 

or if the events or circumstances of the type described in Section 1.12(a)(i), (ii) or (iii) have occurred
with respect to the Successor Rate then in effect, then, reasonably promptly after such determination by the Administrative Agent or receipt by the Administrative Agent of such notice from the Borrower or (I) with respect to Term SOFR Loans
denominated in Dollars, the Required Lenders or (II) with respect to Revolving Loans denominated in an Applicable Currency (other than Dollars), the Required Revolving Lenders, as applicable, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in
Section 9.02, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower may amend this Agreement solely for the purpose of replacing the Relevant Rate for such Applicable Currency or any then-current Successor Rate for such Applicable Currency in
accordance with this Section 1.12 with (x) in the case of Term SOFR Loans denominated in Dollars, one or more Successor Rates or (y) in the case of any Applicable Currency with another alternate benchmark rate giving due
consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for comparable syndicated credit facilities for such alternative benchmarks for such Applicable Currency and, in each case, including any mathematical or other adjustments to such benchmark
giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for comparable syndicated credit facilities for such benchmarks for such Applicable Currency (any such proposed rate, a Successor Rate). Any such amendment shall
become effective at 5:00 p.m. on the fifth Business Day after the Administrative Agent shall have posted such proposed amendment to all Lenders and the Borrower unless, prior to such time, Lenders comprising the Required Lenders object to such
amendment. 

Any Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner consistent with prevailing market practice for comparable syndicated loans
being executed at the time of such determination; provided that to the extent such prevailing market practice is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, such Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner as otherwise reasonably
determined by the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Borrower. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, if at any time
any Successor Rate as so determined would otherwise be less than (a) solely with respect to the Initial
Term Loans and the Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term
Loans, 0.50% per annum, then such Successor Rate will be deemed to be 0.50% per annum and (b) solely with respect to the Initial Revolving Loans, 0% per annum, then such Successor
Rate will be deemed to be 0% per annum, in each case for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

64 

In connection with the implementation of a Successor Rate, the Administrative Agent will
have the right to make Successor Rate Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Successor Rate Conforming Changes will become effective
without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement (other than the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed)); provided that, with respect to any such amendment effected, the Administrative Agent
shall post each such amendment implementing such Successor Rate Conforming Changes to the Borrower and the Lenders reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective. 

(b) If, at the end of any Interest Period, relevant interest payment date or payment period for interest calculated, no Successor Rate has
been determined in accordance with clause (a) of this Section 1.12 or the Scheduled Unavailability Date has occurred (as applicable), the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Borrower and each Lender and thereafter,
(x) the obligation of the Lenders to make or maintain Loans whose interest is determined by reference to the Relevant Rate in any Applicable Currency with respect to which such circumstances exist shall be suspended (to the extent of the
affected Loans, Interest Periods, interest payment dates or payment periods) and (y) the Relevant Rate component shall no longer be utilized in determining the Alternate Base Rate, until the Successor Rate has been determined in accordance with
clause (a) for such Applicable Currency. Upon receipt of such notice, the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of the Loans (to the extent of the affected Loans, Interest Periods, interest
payment dates or payment periods) or, failing that, (i) (A) if the requested Loans are denominated in Dollars, will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for a Borrowing of ABR Loans (subject to the foregoing clause
(y) in the amount specified therein), and (B) if the requested Loans are denominated in an Applicable Currency other than Dollars, any such request shall be deemed to have been converted to an ABR Borrowing in the Dollar Equivalent thereof
on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto. 

Section 1.13. Interest Rates. The Administrative Agent does not
warrant, nor accept responsibility, nor shall the Administrative Agent have any liability with respect to the administration, submission or any other matter related to any reference rate referred to herein or with respect to any rate (including, for
the avoidance of doubt, the selection of such rate and any related spread or other adjustment) that is an alternative or replacement for or successor to any such rate (including, without limitation, any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of
the foregoing) or the effect of any of the foregoing, or of any Successor Rate Conforming Changes. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions or other activities that affect any reference rate
referred to herein, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including, without limitation, any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing) or any related spread or other adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner
adverse to any Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain any reference rate referred to herein or any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including, without
limitation, any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing), in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to any Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind,
including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or other action or omission related to or
affecting the selection, determination, or calculation of any rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 

ARTICLE 2 

THE CREDITS 

Section 2.01. Commitments. 

(a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, (i) each Initial Term Lender severally, and not jointly, agrees to make Initial
Term Loans to the Borrower on the Closing Date in Dollars in a principal amount not to exceed its Initial Term Loan Commitment and (ii) each Initial Revolving Lender severally, and not jointly, agrees to make Initial Revolving Loans to the
Borrower in Dollars or in any Revolving Alternative Currency at any time and from time to time on and after the Closing Date, and until the earlier of the Initial Revolving Credit Maturity Date and the termination of the Initial Revolving Credit
Commitment of such Initial Revolving Lender in accordance with the terms hereof; provided that, after giving effect to any Borrowing of Initial Revolving Loans, the Outstanding Amount of such Initial Revolving Lenders Initial Revolving
Credit Exposure shall not exceed such Initial Revolving Lenders Initial Revolving Credit Commitment. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms, conditions and limitations set forth herein, the Borrower may borrow, pay or prepay and
reborrow Initial Revolving Loans. Amounts paid or prepaid in respect of the Initial Term Loans made on the Closing Date
may not be reborrowed. 

65 

(b) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and any applicable Refinancing
Amendment or Incremental Facility Amendment, each Lender with an Additional Commitment of a given Class, severally and not jointly, agrees to make Additional Loans of such Class to the Borrower, which Loans shall not exceed for any such Lender at
the time of any incurrence thereof the Additional Commitment of such Class of such Lender as set forth in the applicable Refinancing Amendment or Incremental Facility Amendment. 

(c) Subject
to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and Amendment No. 3, the Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loan Lenders agree to make the Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loans to the Borrower on the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date
in Dollars in a principal amount not to exceed the Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loan Commitment. Amounts paid or prepaid in respect of the Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loans may not be reborrowed.

Section 2.02. Loans and Borrowings. 

(a) Each Loan (other than a Swingline Loan) shall be made as part of a Borrowing consisting of Loans of the same Class and Type made by the
Lenders ratably in accordance with their respective Commitments of the applicable Class. Each Swingline Loan shall be made in accordance with the terms and procedures set forth in Section 2.04. 

(b) Subject to Section 2.14, each Borrowing shall be comprised entirely of ABR Loans, LIBO Rate Loans, Term SOFR Loans or RFR
Loans as the Borrower may request in accordance herewith; provided that each Swingline Loan shall be an ABR Loan. Each Lender at its option may make any LIBO Rate Loan, Term SOFR Loan or RFR Loan by causing any domestic or foreign branch or
Affiliate of such Lender to make such Loan; provided that (i) any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, (ii) such LIBO Rate Loan,
Term SOFR Loan or RFR Loan shall be deemed to have been made and held by such Lender, and the obligation of the Borrower to repay such LIBO Rate Loan, Term SOFR Loan or RFR Loan shall nevertheless be to such Lender for the account of such domestic
or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender and (iii) in exercising such option, such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to minimize increased costs to the Borrower resulting therefrom (which obligation of such Lender shall not require it to
take, or refrain from taking, actions that it determines would result in increased costs for which it will not be compensated hereunder or that it otherwise determines would be disadvantageous to it and in the event of such request for costs for
which compensation is provided under this Agreement, the provisions of Section 2.15 shall apply); provided, further, that no such domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender shall be entitled to any greater
indemnification under Section 2.17 in respect of any U.S. federal withholding tax with respect to such LIBO Rate Loan, Term SOFR Loan or RFR Loan than that to which the applicable Lender was entitled on the date on which such Loan was
made (except in connection with any indemnification entitlement arising as a result of any Change in Law after the date on which such Loan was made). 

(c) At the commencement of each Interest Period for any LIBO Rate Borrowing or Term SOFR Borrowing, or when any RFR Loan Borrowing is made,
such Borrowing shall comprise an aggregate principal amount that is an integral multiple of $1,000,000 and not less than $5,000,000. Each ABR Borrowing when made shall be in a minimum principal amount of $500,000 and in an integral multiple of
$100,000; provided that a Swingline Loan Borrowing may be made in a lesser aggregate amount that is (x) equal to the entire aggregate unused Revolving Credit Commitments or (y) required to finance the reimbursement of an LC
Disbursement as contemplated by Section 2.05(e). Borrowings of more than one Type and Class may be outstanding at the same time; provided that there shall not at any time be more than a total of six (6) different Interest
Periods in effect for LIBO Rate Borrowings or Term SOFR Borrowings of the same currency at any time outstanding (or such greater number of different Interest Periods as the Administrative Agent may agree from time to time). 

(d) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Borrower shall not, nor shall it be entitled to, request, or to elect to
convert or continue, any Borrowing if the Interest Period requested with respect thereto would end after the Maturity Date applicable to the relevant Loans. 

Section 2.03. Requests for Borrowings. Each Term Loan Borrowing, each Revolving Loan Borrowing, each conversion of Term Loans or
Revolving Loans from one Type to the other, and each continuation of LIBO Rate Loans or Term SOFR Loans shall be made upon irrevocable notice by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent 

66 

(provided that notices in respect of Term Loan Borrowings and/or Revolving Loan Borrowing (x) to be made on the Closing Date may be conditioned on the Closing Date and (y) to be
made in connection with any acquisition, investment or irrevocable repayment or redemption of Indebtedness may be conditioned on the closing of such Permitted Acquisition, permitted Investment or permitted irrevocable repayment or redemption of
Indebtedness). Each such notice must be in in the form of a written Borrowing Request, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower or by telephone (and immediately confirmed by delivery of a written Borrowing
Request, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower) and must be received by the Administrative Agent (by hand delivery, fax or other electronic transmission (including .pdf or .tif)) not
later than (i) 11:00 a.m. two (2) Business Days prior to the requested day of any Borrowing, conversion to or continuation of Term SOFR Loans denominated in Dollars, (ii) 11:00 a.m. four (4) Business Days prior to the requested
day of any Borrowing, conversion to or continuation of LIBO Rate Loans or RFR Loans denominated in a Revolving Alternative Currency and (iii) 11:00 a.m. on the requested date of any Borrowing of ABR Loans (other than Swingline Loans) (or, in
each case, such later time as is reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent); provided, however, that if the Borrower wishes to request LIBO Rate Loans or Term SOFR Loans having an Interest Period of other than one, three or six
months in duration as provided in the definition of Interest Period, (A) the applicable notice from the Borrower must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. four (4) Business Days prior to the
requested date of the relevant Borrowing (or such later time as is reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent), conversion or continuation, whereupon the Administrative Agent shall give prompt notice to the appropriate Lenders of such request
and determine whether the requested Interest Period is available to them and (B) the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower whether or not the requested Interest Period is available to the appropriate Lenders. 

If no election as to the Type of Borrowing is specified, then the requested Borrowing shall be (x) with respect to a Loan in Dollars, an
ABR Loan, (y) with respect to a Loan in any Revolving Alternative Currency other than British Pounds Sterling, a Relevant Rate Loan Borrowing or LIBO Rate Borrowing, as applicable, with a one month Interest Period and (z) with respect to a
Loan in British Pounds Sterling, an RFR Borrowing. If no Interest Period is specified with respect to any requested LIBO Rate Borrowing or Relevant Rate Borrowing, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one
months duration. If no election as to the currency of the requested Borrowing is specified, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected a Borrowing in Dollars. The Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details and amount
of any Loan to be made as part of the relevant requested Borrowing (x) in the case of any ABR Borrowing, on the same Business Day of receipt of a Borrowing Request in accordance with this Section or (y) in the case of any LIBO Rate
Borrowing, Term SOFR Borrowing or RFR Loan, no later than one Business Day following receipt of a Borrowing Request in accordance with this Section 2.03. 

Section 2.04. Swingline Loans. 

(a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Swingline Lender agrees to make Swingline Loans in Dollars to the Borrower from
time to time on and after the Closing Date and until the Latest Revolving Credit Maturity Date, in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not to exceed $50,000,000; provided that (i) the Swingline Lender shall not be
required to make any Swingline Loan to refinance any outstanding Swingline Loan and (ii) after giving effect to any Swingline Loan, the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Revolving Loans, Swingline Loans and LC Exposure shall not exceed the
Total Revolving Credit Commitment. Each Swingline Loan shall be in a minimum principal amount of not less than $100,000 or such lesser amount as may be agreed by the Swingline Lender; provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, any
Swingline Loan may be in an aggregate amount that is (x) equal to the entire unused balance of the aggregate unused Revolving Credit Commitments or (y) required to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as contemplated by
Section 2.05(e). Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, Swingline Loans may be borrowed, prepaid and reborrowed. To request a Swingline Loan, the Borrower shall notify the Swingline Lender
(with a copy to the Administrative Agent) of such request by delivery of a written Borrowing Request, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, not later than 1:00 p.m. on the day of a proposed Swingline
Loan. The Swingline Lender shall make each Swingline Loan available to the Borrower on the same Business Day by means of a credit to the account designated in the related Borrowing Request or otherwise in accordance with the instructions of the
Borrower (including, in the case of a Swingline Loan made to finance the reimbursement of any LC Disbursement as provided in Section 2.05(e), by remittance to the applicable Issuing Bank). 

67 

(b) The Swingline Lender may by written notice given to the Administrative Agent not later
than 12:00 noon on any Business Day require the Revolving Lenders to purchase participations on the second Business Day following receipt of such notice in all or a portion of the Swingline Loans outstanding. Such notice shall specify the aggregate
amount of Swingline Loans in which Revolving Lenders will participate. Promptly upon receipt of such notice, the Administrative Agent will give notice thereof to each Revolving Lender, specifying in such notice such Revolving Lenders
Applicable Percentage of such Swingline Loan or Swingline Loans. Each Revolving Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees, upon receipt of notice as provided above, to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Swingline
Lender, such Lenders Applicable Percentage of such Swingline Loan or Swingline Loans. Each Revolving Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations in Swingline Loans pursuant to this paragraph is absolute and
unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including the occurrence and continuance of a Default or any reduction or termination of the Revolving Credit Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any
offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. Each Revolving Lender shall comply with its obligation under this paragraph by effecting a wire transfer of immediately available funds, in the same manner as provided in
Section 2.07 with respect to Revolving Loans made by such Revolving Lender (and Section 2.07 shall apply, mutatis mutandis, to the payment obligations of the Revolving Lenders pursuant to this Section 2.04(b)),
and the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to the Swingline Lender the amounts so received by it from the Revolving Lenders. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower of any participation in any Swingline Loan acquired pursuant to
this Section 2.04(b), and thereafter payments in respect of such Swingline Loan shall be made to the Administrative Agent and not to the Swingline Lender. Any amounts received by the Swingline Lender from the Borrower in respect of any
Swingline Loan after receipt by the Swingline Lender of the proceeds of any sale of participations therein shall be promptly remitted by the Swingline Lender to the Administrative Agent, and any such amounts received by the Administrative Agent
shall be promptly remitted by the Administrative Agent to the Revolving Lenders that have made their payments pursuant to this Section 2.04(b) and to the Swingline Lender, as their interests may appear; provided that any such
payment so remitted shall be repaid to the Swingline Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, and thereafter to the Borrower, if and to the extent such payment is required to be refunded to the Borrower for any reason. The purchase of
participations in a Swingline Loan pursuant to this Section 2.04(b) shall not relieve the Borrower of any default in the payment thereof. 

(c) If any Revolving Lender fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swingline Lender any amount required to
be paid by such Revolving Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.04 by the time specified in Section 2.04(b), the Swingline Lender shall be entitled to recover from such Revolving Lender (acting through
the Administrative Agent), on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately available to the Swingline Lender at a rate per annum equal to the greater
of the Federal Funds Effective Rate from time to time in effect and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. A certificate of the Swingline Lender submitted to any Revolving
Lender (through the Administrative Agent) with respect to any amounts owing under this clause (c) shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

(d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, BofA may, upon ten days prior written notice to the Borrower and the
Lenders, resign as Swingline Lender, which resignation shall be effective as of the date referenced in such notice (but in no event less than ten days after the delivery of such written notice). In the event of any such resignation, the Borrower
shall be entitled to appoint any Revolving Lender that is willing to accept such appointment as successor Swingline Lender hereunder. Upon the acceptance of any such appointment, the successor Swingline Lender shall thereupon succeed to and become
vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Swingline Lender, and the retiring Swingline Lender, as applicable, shall be discharged from its duties and obligations in such capacity hereunder. In the event that the
successor Swingline Lender resigns, the Borrower shall promptly repay all outstanding Swingline Loans on the effective date of such resignation (which repayment may be effectuated with the proceeds of a Borrowing). 

68 

Section 2.05. Letters of Credit. 

(a) General. 

(i) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, (i) each Issuing Bank agrees, in each case in reliance upon the
agreements of the other Revolving Lenders set forth in this Section 2.05, (A) from time to time on any Business Day during the period from the Closing Date to the fifth Business Day prior to the Latest Revolving Credit Maturity
Date, upon the request of the Borrower, to issue Letters of Credit in Dollars or (in the case of the Issuing Bank set forth in clause (a) of the definition thereof) in any Revolving Alternative Currency issued on sight basis only for the
account of the Borrower and/or any of its Subsidiaries (provided that the Borrower shall be a co-applicant, and be jointly and severally liable, with respect to each Letter of Credit issued for the account of a Subsidiary thereof) and to
amend or renew Letters of Credit previously issued by it, in accordance with Section 2.05(b), and (B) to honor drafts of the Letters of Credit, and (ii) the Revolving Lenders severally agree to participate in the Letters of
Credit issued pursuant to Section 2.05(d). It is hereby acknowledged and agreed that notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, each Existing Letters of Credit shall constitute a Letter of Credit for all
purposes of this Agreement and shall be deemed issued hereunder on the Closing Date without any further notice or action. 

(ii) To request the issuance of any Letter of Credit, the Borrower shall deliver to the applicable Issuing Bank and the
Administrative Agent, at least three Business Days in advance of the requested date of issuance (or such shorter period as is acceptable to the applicable Issuing Bank or, in the case of any issuance to be made on the Closing Date, one Business Day
prior to the Closing Date), a request to issue a Letter of Credit, which shall specify that it is being issued under this Agreement, in the form of Exhibit N attached hereto. To the extent required by the applicable Issuing Bank in the case
of the issuance of any Letter of Credit expressly for the benefit of any Subsidiary other than a Loan Party, the issuance of such Letter of Credit shall be contingent upon the Administrative Agents receipt of any documentation and other
information required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act. To the extent required by the applicable Issuing Bank in connection the
issuance of any Letter of Credit, the Borrower will complete any application procedures and documents reasonably requested by such Issuing Bank with respect to the beneficiary of such Letter of Credit. To request an amendment, extension or renewal
of an outstanding Letter of Credit (other than any automatic extension of a Letter of Credit permitted under Section 2.05(c)), the Borrower shall submit such a request to the applicable Issuing Bank selected by the Borrower (with a copy
to the Administrative Agent) at least three Business Days in advance of the requested date of amendment, extension or renewal (or such shorter period as is acceptable to the applicable Issuing Bank), identifying the Letter of Credit to be amended,
extended or renewed, and specifying the proposed date (which shall be a Business Day) and other details of the amendment, extension or renewal. If requested by the applicable Issuing Bank in connection with any request for any Letter of Credit, the
Borrower also shall submit a letter of credit application on such Issuing Banks standard form. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of any form of letter of credit
application or other agreement submitted by the Borrower to, or entered into by the Borrower with, the applicable Issuing Bank relating to any Letter of Credit, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall control. No Letter of Credit, letter of
credit application or other document entered into by the Borrower with any Issuing Bank relating to any Letter of Credit shall contain any representations or warranties, covenants or events of default not set forth in this Agreement (and to the
extent inconsistent herewith shall be rendered null and void (or reformed automatically without further action by any Person to conform to the terms of this Agreement)), and all representations and warranties, covenants and events of default set
forth therein shall contain standards, qualifications, thresholds and exceptions for materiality or otherwise consistent with those set forth in this Agreement (and, to the extent inconsistent herewith, shall be deemed to automatically incorporate
the applicable standards, qualifications, thresholds and exceptions set forth herein without action by any Person). No Letter of Credit may be issued, amended, extended or renewed unless (and on the issuance, amendment, extension or renewal of each
Letter of Credit the Borrower shall be deemed to represent and warrant that), after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, extension, or renewal (i) the LC Exposure does not exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit, (ii)(A) the aggregate amount
of the Initial Revolving Credit Exposure does not exceed the aggregate amount of the Initial Revolving Credit Commitments then in effect, (B) the aggregate amount of the Additional Revolving Credit Exposure attributable to any Class of
Additional Revolving Credit Commitments does not exceed the aggregate amount of the Additional Revolving Credit Commitments of such Class then in effect and (C) if such Letter of Credit has a term extending beyond the Maturity Date applicable
to the Revolving Credit Commitments of any Class, the aggregate amount of the LC Exposure attributable to Letters of Credit expiring after such Maturity Date does not exceed the aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Commitments then in effect
that are scheduled to remain in effect after such Maturity Date. 

69 

(iii) An Issuing Bank shall be under no obligation to issue any Letter of
Credit if: 

(A) any order of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain such
Issuing Bank from issuing such Letter of Credit, or any law applicable to such Issuing Bank or any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over such Issuing Bank shall prohibit,
or request that such Issuing Bank refrain from, the issuance of letters of credit generally or such Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon such Issuing Bank with respect to such Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital
requirement (for which such Issuing Bank is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Closing Date, or shall impose upon such Issuing Bank any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not applicable on the Closing Date and which
such Issuing Bank deems material to it; 

(B) the issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate any laws binding upon such
Issuing Bank; 

(C) if after giving effect thereto, the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit issued
by such Issuing Bank at such time would exceed such Issuing Banks LC Commitment; or 

(D) in the case of Barclays Bank
PLC, Citibank, N.A., Jefferies Finance LLC, Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, if such Letter of Credit is a Commercial Letter of Credit or trade Letter of Credit. 

(b) Expiration Date. 

(i) No Standby Letter of Credit shall expire later than the earlier of (A) the date that is one year after the date of the issuance of
such Standby Letter of Credit and (B) the date that is five Business Days prior to the Latest Revolving Credit Maturity Date; provided that, any Standby Letter of Credit may provide for the automatic extension thereof for any number of
additional periods of up to one year in duration (which additional periods shall not extend beyond the date referred to in the preceding clause (B) unless 100% of the then-available face amount thereof is Cash collateralized or
backstopped on or before the date that such Letter of Credit is extended beyond the date referred to in clause (B) above pursuant to arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the relevant Issuing Bank). 

(ii) No Commercial Letter of Credit shall expire later than the earlier to occur of (A) 180 days after the issuance thereof and
(B) the date that is five Business Days prior to the Latest Revolving Credit Maturity Date. 

(c) Participations. 

(i) By the issuance of any Letter of Credit (or an amendment to any Letter of Credit increasing the amount thereof) and without
any further action on the part of the applicable Issuing Bank or the Revolving Lenders, the applicable Issuing Bank hereby grants to each Revolving Lender, and each Revolving Lender hereby acquires from such Issuing Bank, a participation in such
Letter of Credit equal to such Revolving Lenders Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. In consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing, each Revolving Lender
hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the applicable Issuing Bank, such Lenders Applicable Percentage of each LC Disbursement made by such Issuing Bank and not reimbursed by the
Borrower on the date due as provided in paragraph (e) of this Section, or of any reimbursement payment required to be refunded to the Borrower for any reason. Each Revolving Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to
acquire participations pursuant to this paragraph in respect of Letters of Credit is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including any amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or the
occurrence and continuance of a Default or Event of Default or reduction or termination of the Revolving Credit Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. 

70 

(d) Reimbursement. 

(i) If the applicable Issuing Bank makes any LC Disbursement in respect of a Letter of Credit, the Borrower shall reimburse such LC
Disbursement by paying to the Administrative Agent (or, in the case of Commercial Letters of Credit, the applicable Issuing Bank) an amount equal to such LC Disbursement not later than 11:00 a.m. two Business Days (or, three Business Days, if such
notice is not received prior to the time the Borrower is required to deliver a notice of borrowing pursuant to Section 2.03 for any Revolving Loan (other than a Swingline Loan)) immediately following the date on which the Borrower
receives notice of such LC Disbursement under paragraph (g) of this Section; provided that the Borrower may, subject to the conditions to borrowing set forth herein, request in accordance with Section 2.03 or
2.04 that such payment be financed with a Swingline Loan Borrowing in an equivalent amount and, to the extent so financed, the obligation of the Borrower to make such payment shall be discharged and replaced by the resulting Swingline Loan
(subject to the satisfaction of the applicable conditions set forth in Section 4.02). If the Borrower fails to make such payment when due, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Revolving Lender of any applicable LC Disbursement, the
payment then due from the Borrower in respect thereof and such Revolving Lenders Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage thereof. Promptly following receipt of such notice, each Revolving Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent its
Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage of the payment then due from the Borrower, in the same manner as provided in Section 2.07 with respect to Loans made by such Revolving Lender (and Section 2.07 shall apply, mutatis
mutandis, to the payment obligations of the Revolving Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the applicable Issuing Bank the amounts so received by it from the Revolving Lenders. Promptly following receipt by the Administrative
Agent of any payment from the Borrower pursuant to this paragraph, the Administrative Agent shall distribute such payment to the applicable Issuing Bank or, to the extent that Revolving Lenders have made payments pursuant to this paragraph to
reimburse such Issuing Bank, then to such Revolving Lenders and such Issuing Bank as their interests may appear. 

(ii) If any Revolving
Lender fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable Issuing Bank any amount required to be paid by such Revolving Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.05(d) by the time
specified therein, such Issuing Bank shall be entitled to recover from such Revolving Lender (acting through the Administrative Agent), on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date on
which such payment is immediately available to such Issuing Bank at a rate per annum equal to the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate from time to time in effect and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking
industry rules on interbank compensation. A certificate of the applicable Issuing Bank submitted to any Revolving Lender (through the Administrative Agent) with respect to any amounts owing under this clause (ii) shall be conclusive
absent manifest error. 

(e) Obligations Absolute. The obligation of the Borrower to reimburse LC Disbursements as provided in
paragraph (e) of this Section shall be absolute and unconditional and irrespective of (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit or this Agreement, or any term or provision therein, (ii) any draft
or other document presented under any Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent or invalid in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect, (iii) payment by the applicable Issuing Bank under any Letter
of Credit against presentation of a draft or other document that does not comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit or (iv) any other event or circumstance whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the
provisions of this Section, constitute a legal or equitable discharge of, or provide a right of setoff against, the obligations of the Borrower hereunder. Neither the Administrative Agent, the Revolving Lenders nor any Issuing Bank, nor any
of their respective Related Parties, shall have any liability or responsibility by reason of or in connection with the issuance or transfer of any Letter of Credit or any payment or failure to make any payment thereunder (irrespective of any of the
circumstances referred to in the preceding sentence), or any error, omission, interruption, loss or delay in transmission or delivery of any draft, notice or other communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit (including any document
required to make a drawing thereunder), any error in interpretation of technical terms or any consequence arising from causes beyond the control of such Issuing Bank; provided that the foregoing shall not be construed to excuse such Issuing
Bank from liability to the Borrower to the extent of any direct damages suffered by the Borrower that are caused by such Issuing Banks failure to exercise care when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of
Credit comply with the terms thereof. The parties hereto expressly agree that, in the absence of gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct on the part of the applicable Issuing Bank (as finally determined by a court of competent
jurisdiction), such Issuing Bank shall be deemed to have exercised care in each such determination. In furtherance of the foregoing and without limiting the 

71 

generality thereof, the parties agree that, with respect to documents presented which appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of any Letter of Credit, the applicable
Issuing Bank may, in its sole discretion, either accept and make payment upon such documents without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, or refuse to accept and make payment upon such
documents if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit. 

(f) Disbursement Procedures. The
applicable Issuing Bank shall, promptly following its receipt thereof, examine all documents purporting to represent a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit. Such Issuing Bank shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent and the Borrower by
telephone (confirmed by electronic means) upon any LC Disbursement thereunder and whether such Issuing Bank has made or will make an LC Disbursement thereunder; provided that no failure to give or delay in giving such notice shall relieve the
Borrower of its obligation to reimburse such Issuing Bank and the Revolving Lenders with respect to any such LC Disbursement. 

(g)
Interim Interest. If any Issuing Bank makes any LC Disbursement, unless the Borrower reimburses such LC Disbursement in full on the date such LC Disbursement is made, the unpaid amount thereof shall bear interest, for each day from and
including the date such LC Disbursement is made to but excluding the date that the Borrower reimburses such LC Disbursement (or the date on which such LC Disbursement is reimbursed with the proceeds of Loans, as applicable), at the rate per annum
then applicable to Initial Revolving Loans that are ABR Loans or, if such LC Disbursement is not denominated in Dollars, at a rate per annum then applicable to Initial Revolving Loans denominated in such currency (or, to the extent of the
participation in such LC Disbursement by any Revolving Lender of another Class, the rate per annum then applicable to the Revolving Loans of such other Class); provided that if the Borrower fails to reimburse such LC Disbursement when due
pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section, then Section 2.13(d) shall apply. Interest accrued pursuant to this paragraph shall be for the account of the applicable Issuing Bank, except that interest accrued on and after the
date of payment by any Revolving Lender pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section to reimburse such Issuing Bank shall be for the account of such Revolving Lender to the extent of such payment and shall be payable on the date on
which the Borrower is required to reimburse the applicable LC Disbursement in full (and, thereafter, on demand). 

(h) Replacement or
Resignation of an Issuing Bank or Designation of New Issuing Banks. 

(i) Any Issuing Bank may be replaced with the consent of the
Administrative Agent (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) at any time by written agreement among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the successor Issuing Bank. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Revolving Lenders of any such
replacement of an Issuing Bank. At the time any such replacement becomes effective, the Borrower shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the replaced Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 2.12(b)(ii). From and after the effective
date of any such replacement, (a) the successor Issuing Bank shall have all the rights and obligations of the replaced Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit to be issued thereafter and (b) references herein to
the term Issuing Bank shall be deemed to refer to such successor or to any previous Issuing Bank, or to such successor and all previous Issuing Banks, as the context shall require. After the replacement of any Issuing Bank hereunder, the
replaced Issuing Bank shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit issued by it prior to such replacement, but shall not be required
to issue additional Letters of Credit. The Borrower may, at any time and from time to time with the consent of the Administrative Agent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) and the relevant Revolving Lender, designate one or
more additional Revolving Lenders in writing to act as an issuing bank under the terms of this Agreement. Any Revolving Lender designated as an issuing bank pursuant to this paragraph (i) who agrees in writing to such designation shall
be deemed to be an Issuing Bank (in addition to being a Revolving Lender) in respect of Letters of Credit issued or to be issued by such Revolving Lender, and, with respect to such Letters of Credit, such term shall thereafter apply to
the other Issuing Banks and such Revolving Lender. 

(ii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, each Issuing Bank may,
upon ten days prior written notice to the Borrower, each other Issuing Bank and the Lenders, resign as an Issuing Bank, which resignation shall be effective as of the date referenced in such notice (but in no event less than ten days after the
delivery of such written notice); it being understood that in the event of any such resignation, any Letter of Credit then outstanding shall remain outstanding (irrespective of whether any amounts have been drawn at such time). In the event of any
such resignation as an Issuing Bank, the Borrower shall be entitled to appoint any Revolving Lender 

72 

that accepts such appointment in writing as successor Issuing Bank. Upon the acceptance of any appointment as Issuing Bank hereunder, the successor Issuing Bank shall thereupon succeed to and
become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Issuing Bank, and the retiring Issuing Bank shall be discharged from its duties and obligations in such capacity hereunder. 

(i) Cash Collateralization. 

(i) If any Event of Default exists and the Loans have been declared due and payable in accordance with Article 7 hereof, then on the
Business Day on which the Borrower receives notice from the Administrative Agent at the direction of the Required Revolving Lenders demanding the deposit of Cash collateral pursuant to this paragraph (i), the Borrower shall deposit, in an
interest-bearing account with the Administrative Agent, in the name of the Administrative Agent and for the benefit of the Revolving Lenders (the LC Collateral Account), an amount in Cash equal to 100% of the LC Exposure as of
such date (minus the amount then on deposit in the LC Collateral Account); provided that the obligation to deposit such Cash collateral shall become effective immediately, and such deposit shall become immediately due and payable,
without demand or other notice of any kind, upon the occurrence of any Event of Default with respect to the Borrower described in Sections 7.01(f) or (g). 

(ii) Any such deposit under clause (i) above shall be held by the Administrative Agent as collateral for the payment and
performance of the Secured Obligations in accordance with the provisions of this paragraph (i). The Administrative Agent shall have exclusive dominion and control, including the exclusive right of withdrawal, over such account, and the
Borrower hereby grants the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a First Priority security interest in the LC Collateral Account. Interest or profits, if any, on such investments shall accumulate in such account. Moneys in
such account shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to reimburse the applicable Issuing Bank for LC Disbursements for which it has not been reimbursed and, to the extent not so applied, shall be held for the satisfaction of the reimbursement
obligations of the Borrower for the LC Exposure at such time or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated (but subject to the consent of the Required Revolving Lenders) be applied to satisfy other Secured Obligations. If the Borrower is
required to provide an amount of Cash collateral hereunder as a result of the occurrence of an Event of Default, such amount (together with all interest and other earnings with respect thereto, to the extent not applied as aforesaid) shall be
returned to the Borrower promptly but in no event later than three Business Days after such Event of Default has been cured or waived. 

Section 2.06. [Reserved]. 

Section 2.07. Funding of Borrowings. 

(a) Each Lender shall make each Loan to be made by it hereunder not later than 1:00 p.m., in each case on the Business Day specified in the
applicable Borrowing Request by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account of the Administrative Agent most recently designated by it for such purpose by notice to the Lenders in an amount equal to such Lenders respective
Applicable Percentage; provided that Swingline Loans shall be made as provided in Section 2.04. The Administrative Agent will make such Loans available to the Borrower by promptly crediting the amounts so received, in like funds,
to the account designated in the relevant Borrowing Request or as otherwise directed by the Borrower; provided that Swingline Loans made to finance the reimbursement of any LC Disbursement as provided in Section 2.05(e) shall be
remitted by the Administrative Agent to the applicable Issuing Bank. 

(b) Unless the Administrative Agent has received notice from any
Lender prior to the proposed date of any Borrowing (or, in the case of any Borrowing of ABR Loans, prior to 12:00 noon on the date of such Borrowing) that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lenders share of
any Borrowing prior to the proposed date of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section and may, in reliance upon
such assumption, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if any Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Borrower
severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand (without duplication) such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the
date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (i) in the case of such Lender, the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry

73 

rules on interbank compensation or (ii) in the case of the Borrower, the interest rate applicable to Loans comprising such Borrowing at such time. If such Lender pays such amount to the
Administrative Agent, then such amount shall constitute such Lenders Loan included in such Borrowing and the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Administrative Agent such corresponding amount pursuant to this Section 2.07(b)
shall cease. If the Borrower pays such amount to the Administrative Agent, the amount so paid shall constitute a repayment of such Borrowing by such amount. Nothing herein shall be deemed to relieve any Lender from its obligation to fulfill its
Commitment or to prejudice any rights which the Administrative Agent or the Borrower or any other Loan Party may have against any Lender as a result of any default by such Lender hereunder. 

Section 2.08. Type; Interest Elections. 

(a) Each Borrowing shall initially be of the Type specified in the applicable Borrowing Request and, in the case of any LIBO Rate Borrowing or
Term SOFR Borrowing, shall have an initial Interest Period as specified in such Borrowing Request; provided that any Revolving Loan Borrowing in a Revolving Alternative Currency (other than British Pounds Sterling) shall be a LIBO Rate
Borrowing and any Revolving Loan Borrowing in British Pounds Sterling shall be an RFR Loan. Thereafter, the Borrower may elect to convert any Borrowing to a Borrowing of a different Type or to continue such Borrowing and, in the case of a LIBO Rate
Borrowing or Term SOFR Borrowing, may elect Interest Periods therefor, all as provided in this Section. The Borrower may elect different options with respect to different portions of the affected Borrowing, in which case each such portion
shall be allocated ratably among the Lenders based upon their Applicable Percentages and the Loans comprising each such portion shall be considered a separate Borrowing. This Section 2.08 shall not apply to Swingline Loans, which may not
be converted or continued. 

(b) To make an election pursuant to this Section, the Borrower shall (i) deliver an Interest
Election Request, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower or (ii) provide telephonic notice (promptly confirmed in writing by delivery of a written Interest Election Request, appropriately completed and
signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower) of the applicable election to the Administrative Agent; provided that, in each case under this Section 2.08(b), such Interest Election Request must be received by the Administrative
Agent (by hand delivery, fax or other electronic transmission (including .pdf or .tif)) not later than (i) 11:00 a.m. three (3) Business Days prior to the requested day of any Borrowing, conversion or continuation
of LIBO Rate Loans or Term SOFR Loans and (ii) 11:00 a.m. on the requested date of any Borrowing of ABR Loans (or, in each case, such later time as is reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent); provided, however, that if
the Borrower wishes to request LIBO Rate Loans or Term SOFR Loans having an Interest Period of other than one, three or six months in duration as provided in the definition of Interest Period, (A) the applicable notice from the
Borrower must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. four (4) Business Days prior to the requested date of the relevant Borrowing, conversion or continuation (or such later time as is reasonably acceptable to the
Administrative Agent), whereupon the Administrative Agent shall give prompt notice to the appropriate Lenders of such request and determine whether the requested Interest Period is available to them and (B) not later than 12:00 noon three
(3) Business Days before the requested date of the relevant Borrowing, conversion or continuation, the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower whether or not the requested Interest Period is available to the appropriate Lenders. 

If any such Interest Election Request requests a LIBO Rate Borrowing or Term SOFR Borrowing but does not specify an Interest Period, then the
Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one months duration. 

(c) Promptly following receipt of an Interest
Election Request, the Administrative Agent shall advise each applicable Lender of the details thereof and of such Lenders portion of each resulting Borrowing. 

(d) If the Borrower fails to deliver a timely Interest Election Request with respect to a LIBO Rate Borrowing or Term SOFR Borrowing prior to
the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, such Borrowing shall be converted at the end of such Interest Period to a LIBO Rate Borrowing or Term SOFR Borrowing with an Interest Period
of one month. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, if an Event of Default exists and the Administrative Agent, at the request of the Required Lenders, so notifies the Borrower, then, so long as such Event of Default exists (i) no
outstanding Borrowing may be converted to or continued as a LIBO Rate Borrowing or Term SOFR Borrowing and (ii) unless repaid, each LIBO Rate Borrowing or Term SOFR Borrowing, as applicable, shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing at the end of
the then-current Interest Period applicable thereto. 

74 

(e)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the Interest Period for the Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loans shall end on the same date as the Interest Period for the Initial Term Loans outstanding immediately prior to the Amendment No. 3
Effective Date, and if the Interest Periods for the Initial Term Loans outstanding immediately prior to the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date end on more than one date, the Interest Periods for the Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loans shall
end on such same dates (allocated among such dates on a basis ratable to the dates for the Initial Term Loans outstanding immediately prior to the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date).

Section 2.09. Termination and Reduction of Commitments. 

(a) Unless previously terminated, (i) the Initial Term Loan Commitments on the Closing Date shall automatically terminate upon the making
of the Initial Term Loans on the Closing Date, (ii) the Initial Revolving Credit Commitments shall automatically terminate on the Initial Revolving Credit Maturity Date, (iii) the Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loan Commitment shall automatically terminate upon the making of the Amendment
No. 3 Incremental Term Loans on the Amendment No. 3 Effective date, (iv) the Additional Term Loan Commitments of any Class shall automatically terminate upon the making of the
Additional Term Loans of such Class and, if any such Additional Term Loan Commitment is not drawn on the date that such Additional Term Loan Commitment is required to be drawn pursuant to the applicable Refinancing Amendment or Incremental Facility
Amendment, the undrawn amount thereof shall automatically terminate and (ivv) the Additional Revolving Credit Commitments of any Class shall
automatically terminate on the Maturity Date specified therefor in the applicable Refinancing Amendment, Extension Amendment or Incremental Facility Amendment. 

(b) Upon delivery of the notice required by Section 2.09(c), the Borrower may at any time terminate or from time to time reduce,
the Revolving Credit Commitments of any Class; provided that (i) each reduction of the Revolving Credit Commitments of any Class shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of $1,000,000 and not less than $1,000,000 and
(ii) the Borrower shall not terminate or reduce the Revolving Credit Commitments of any Class if, after giving effect to any concurrent prepayment of Revolving Loans and Swingline Loans, the aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Exposure
attributable to the Revolving Credit Commitments of such Class would exceed the aggregate amount Revolving Credit Commitments of such Class; provided that, after the establishment of any Additional Revolving Credit Commitments, any such
termination or reduction of the Revolving Credit Commitments of any Class shall be subject to the provisions set forth in Section 2.22, 2.23 and/or 9.02, as applicable. 

(c) The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of any election to terminate or reduce any Revolving Credit Commitment under
paragraph (b) of this Section in writing at least three Business Days prior to the effective date of such termination or reduction (or such later date to which the Administrative Agent may agree), specifying such election and the
effective date thereof. Promptly following receipt of any notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Revolving Lenders of each applicable Class of the contents thereof. Each notice delivered by the Borrower pursuant to this Section shall be
irrevocable; provided that any such notice may state that it is conditioned upon the effectiveness of other transactions, in which case such notice may be revoked or delayed by the Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior
to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied or is delayed. Any termination or reduction of any Revolving Credit Commitment pursuant to this Section 2.09 shall be permanent. Upon any reduction of any Revolving
Credit Commitment, the Revolving Credit Commitment of each Revolving Lender of the relevant Class shall be reduced by such Revolving Lenders Applicable Percentage of such reduction amount. 

Section 2.10. Repayment of Loans; Evidence of Debt. 

(a) (i) The Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to repay the outstanding principal amount of the Initial Term Loans to the
Administrative Agent for the account of each Term Lender (x) commencing March 31, 2022, on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December prior to the Initial Term Loan Maturity Date (each such date being referred to as
a Loan Installment Date), in each case in an amount equal to 0.25% of the original principal amount of the Initial Term Loans (as such payments may be reduced from time to time as a result of the application of prepayments in
accordance with Section 2.11 and repurchases in accordance with Section 9.05(g) or increased as a result of any increase in the amount of such Initial Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.22(a)), and (y) on the
Initial Term Loan Maturity Date, in an amount equal to the remainder of the principal amount of the Initial Term Loans outstanding on such date, together in each case with accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount to be paid to but
excluding the date of such payment. 

75 

(ii) The Borrower shall repay the Additional Term Loans of any Class in such scheduled
amortization installments and on such date or dates as shall be specified therefor in the applicable Refinancing Amendment, Incremental Facility Agreement or Extension Amendment (as such payments may be reduced from time to time as a result of the
application of prepayments in accordance with Section 2.11 or repurchases in accordance with Section 9.05(g) or increased as a result of any increase in the amount of such Additional Term Loans of such Class pursuant to
Section 2.22(a)). 

(iii) The Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to repay the outstanding principal amount of the Amendment No. 3 Term Loans
to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Lender (x) on each Loan Installment Date, in an amount equal to 0.25% of the original principal amount of the Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loans
(as such payments may be (A) reduced from time to time as a result of the application of prepayments in accordance with Section 2.11 and repurchases in accordance with Section 9.05(g) , (B) increased as a result of any increase in the amount of such Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.22(a) or (C) otherwise adjusted to ensure that the Amendment No. 3
Incremental Term Loans are fungible with the existing Term Loans), and (y) on the Initial Term Loan Maturity Date, in an amount equal to the remainder of the principal amount of the Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loans outstanding on
such date, together in each case with accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount to be paid to but excluding the date of such payment.

(b) (i) The Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to pay (A) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Initial
Revolving Lender, the then-unpaid principal amount of the Initial Revolving Loans of such Lender on the Initial Revolving Credit Maturity Date, (B) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Additional Revolving Lender, the then-unpaid
principal amount of each Additional Revolving Loan of such Additional Revolving Lender on the Maturity Date applicable thereto and (C) to the Swingline Lender, the then unpaid principal amount of each Swingline Loan on the Latest Revolving
Credit Maturity Date. 

(ii) On the Maturity Date applicable to the Revolving Credit Commitments of any Class, the Borrower shall
(A) cancel and return outstanding Letters of Credit (or alternatively, with respect to each outstanding Letter of Credit, furnish to the Administrative Agent a Cash deposit (or if reasonably satisfactory to the relevant Issuing Bank, a
backstop letter of credit or a similar backstop arrangement)) equal to 100% of the amount of the LC Exposure (minus any amount then on deposit in any Cash collateral account established for the benefit of the relevant
Issuing Bank) as of such date, in each case to the extent necessary so that, after giving effect thereto, the aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Exposure attributable to the Revolving Credit Commitments of any other Class shall not exceed the
Revolving Credit Commitments of such other Class then in effect, (B) prepay Swingline Loans to the extent necessary so that, after giving effect thereto, the aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Exposure attributable to the Revolving Credit
Commitments of any other Class shall not exceed the Revolving Credit Commitments of such other Class in effect and (C) make payment in full in Cash of all accrued and unpaid fees and all reimbursable expenses and other Obligations with respect
to the Revolving Facility of the applicable Class then due, together with accrued and unpaid interest (if any) thereon. 

(c) Each Lender
shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the Indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to
such Lender from time to time hereunder. 

(d) The Administrative Agent shall maintain accounts in which it shall record (i) the
amount of each Loan made hereunder, the Class and Type thereof and the Interest Period (if any) applicable thereto, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to each Lender
hereunder and (iii) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders or the Issuing Banks and each Lenders or Issuing Banks share thereof. 

(e) The entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to paragraphs (c) or (d) of this Section shall be prima facie
evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations recorded therein (absent manifest error); provided that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such accounts or any manifest error

76 

therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Loans in accordance with the terms of this Agreement; provided, further, that in the event of any
inconsistency between the accounts maintained by the Administrative Agent pursuant to paragraph (d) of this Section and any Lenders records, the accounts of the Administrative Agent shall govern. 

(f) Any Lender may request that any Loan made by it be evidenced by a Promissory Note. In such event, the Borrower shall prepare, execute and
deliver a Promissory Note to such Lender payable to such Lender and its registered assigns; it being understood and agreed that such Lender (and/or its applicable assign) shall be required to return such Promissory Note to the Borrower in accordance
with Section 9.05(b)(iii) and upon the occurrence of the Termination Date (or as promptly thereafter as practicable). If any Lender loses the original copy of its Promissory Note, it shall execute an affidavit of loss containing an
indemnification provision reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower. 

Section 2.11. Prepayment of Loans. 

(a) Optional Prepayments. 

(i) Upon prior notice in accordance with paragraph (a)(iii) of this Section, the Borrower shall have the right at any time and
from time to time to prepay any Borrowing of Term Loans of one or more Classes (such Class or Classes to be selected by the Borrower in its sole discretion) in whole or in part without premium or penalty (but subject (A) in the case of
Borrowings of Initial Term Loans made on the Closing Date only, to
Section 2.12(f) and (B) if applicable, to Section 2.16). Each such prepayment shall be paid to the Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages of the relevant Class. 

(ii) Upon prior notice in accordance with paragraph (a)(iii) of this Section, the Borrower shall have the right at any time and
from time to time to prepay any Borrowing of Revolving Loans of any Class or any Borrowing of Swingline Loans, in whole or in part without premium or penalty (but subject to Section 2.16); provided that (A) after the
establishment of any Additional Revolving Loans, any such prepayment of any Borrowing of Revolving Loans of any Class shall be subject to the provisions set forth in Section 2.22, 2.23 and/or 9.02 and (B) no Borrowing
of Revolving Loans may be prepaid unless all Swingline Loans then outstanding, if any, are prepaid concurrently therewith, as applicable. Each such prepayment shall be paid to the Revolving Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable
Percentages of the relevant Class. 

(iii) The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent (and the Swingline Lender, as applicable) in
writing of any prepayment under this Section 2.11(a) (w) in the case of any prepayment of a Term SOFR Borrowing, not later than 1:00 p.m. two (2) Business Days before the date of prepayment, (x) in the case of any
prepayment of a LIBO Rate Borrowing or RFR Loans, not later 1:00 p.m. three (3) Business Days before the date of prepayment, (y) in the case of any prepayment of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 11:00 a.m. on the day of prepayment or
(z) in the case of any prepayment of a Swingline Loan, not later than 1:00 p.m. on the date of prepayment (or, in each case, such later time as to which the Administrative Agent may reasonably agree). Each such notice shall be irrevocable
(except as set forth in the proviso to this sentence) and shall specify the prepayment date and the principal amount of each Borrowing or portion thereof or each relevant Class to be prepaid; provided that any notice of prepayment delivered
by the Borrower may be conditioned upon the effectiveness of other transactions, in which case such notice may be revoked or delayed by the Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such
condition is not satisfied or is delayed. Promptly following receipt of any such notice relating to any Borrowing, the Administrative Agent shall advise the applicable Lenders of the contents thereof. Each partial prepayment of any Borrowing shall
be in an amount at least equal to the amount that would be permitted in the case of a Borrowing of the same Type and Class as provided in Section 2.02(c), or such lesser amount that is then outstanding with respect to such Borrowing
being repaid (and in increments of $100,000 in excess thereof or such lesser incremental amount that is then outstanding with respect to such Borrowing being repaid). Each prepayment of Term Loans shall be applied to the Class or Classes of Term
Loans specified in the applicable prepayment notice, and each prepayment of Term Loans of such Class or Classes made pursuant to this Section 2.11(a) shall be applied against the remaining scheduled installments of principal due in
respect of the Term Loans of such Class or Classes in the manner specified by the Borrower or, in the absence of any such specification on or prior to the date of the relevant optional prepayment, in direct order of maturity. 

77 

(b) Mandatory Prepayments. 

(i) No later than the fifth Business Day after the date on which the financial statements with respect to each Fiscal Year of the Borrower are
required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(b), commencing with the Fiscal Year ending December 31, 2022, the Borrower shall prepay the outstanding principal amount of the Initial Term Loans and, the Amendment
No. 3 Incremental Term Loans, and any other Additional Term Loans then subject to ratable prepayment requirements in accordance with clause (vi) of this
Section 2.11(b) below in an aggregate principal amount (the ECF Prepayment Amount) equal to (A) the Required Excess Cash Flow Percentage of Excess Cash Flow of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries for the
Excess Cash Flow Period then ended, minus (B) at the option of the Borrower, (x) the aggregate principal amount of any Term Loans (including Additional Term Loans), any other Indebtedness that is secured on a pari passu basis
with the Initial Term Loans and/or Revolving Loans (including Additional Revolving Loans or any revolving facility under this Agreement) prepaid (including, without limitation, pursuant to Section 2.11(a)) repurchased, redeemed or
otherwise retired prior to such date and (y) the amount of any reduction in the outstanding amount of any Term Loans resulting from any assignment made in accordance with Section 9.05(g) of this Agreement (including in connection
with any Dutch Auction) made during such Fiscal Year or, in each case, at the option of the Borrower, prior to the date such payment is due and, in each case under clause (y), based upon the actual amount of cash paid in connection with the
relevant assignment, in each case, excluding any such optional prepayments made during such Fiscal Year that reduced the amount required to be prepaid pursuant to this Section 2.11(b)(i) in the prior Fiscal Year (in the case of any
prepayment of Revolving Loans pursuant to Section 2.11(b)(ii), to the extent accompanied by a permanent reduction in the relevant commitment, and in the case of all such prepayments and assignments, to the extent that such prepayments
were not financed with the proceeds of long term funded Indebtedness (other than revolving Indebtedness (excluding any Revolving Loans))) of the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries; provided that no prepayment under this
Section 2.11(b) shall be required unless the amount thereof exceeds $25,000,000 (and solely with amounts in excess of $25,000,0000 shall be required to be prepaid); provided, further, that if at the time that any such
prepayment would be required, the Borrower (or any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower) is also required to prepay any Indebtedness that is secured on a pari passu basis with any Secured Obligation pursuant to the terms of, and to the
extent required by, the documentation governing such Indebtedness (such Indebtedness required to be so prepaid or offered to be so repurchased, Other Applicable Indebtedness) with any portion of the ECF Prepayment Amount, then the
Borrower may apply such portion of the ECF Prepayment Amount on a pro rata basis (determined on the basis of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Loans and Other Applicable Indebtedness at such time; provided, that the portion of
such ECF Prepayment Amount allocated to the Other Applicable Indebtedness shall not exceed the amount of such ECF Prepayment Amount required to be allocated to the Other Applicable Indebtedness pursuant to the terms thereof, and the remaining
amount, if any, of such ECF Prepayment Amount shall be allocated to the Term Loans in accordance with the terms hereof) to the prepayment of the Term Loans and to the prepayment of Other Applicable Indebtedness, and the amount of prepayment of the
Term Loans that would have otherwise been required pursuant to this Section 2.11(b)(i) shall be reduced accordingly; provided, further, that to the extent the holders of Other Applicable Indebtedness decline to have such
indebtedness prepaid, the declined amount shall promptly (and in any event within ten (10) Business Days after the date of such rejection) be applied to prepay the Term Loans in accordance with the terms hereof. 

(ii) No later than the fifth Business Day following the receipt of Net Proceeds in respect of any Prepayment Asset Sale in excess of
$35,000,000 in any Fiscal Year, the Borrower shall apply an amount equal to the Required Asset Sale Percentage of the Net Proceeds received with respect thereto in excess of such threshold (collectively, the Subject Proceeds) to
prepay the outstanding principal amount of Initial Term Loans, the Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term
Loans, and Additional Term Loans then subject to ratable prepayment requirements (the Subject Loans) in accordance with clause (vi) below; provided that
(A) if prior to the date any such prepayment is required to be made, the Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent of its intention to reinvest the Subject Proceeds in assets used or useful in the business (other than Cash or Cash Equivalents)
of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, then, the Borrower shall not be required to make a mandatory prepayment under this clause (ii) in respect of the Subject Proceeds to the extent (x) the Subject Proceeds are so reinvested
within 365 days following receipt thereof, or (y) the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries has committed to so reinvest the Subject Proceeds during such 365-day period and the Subject Proceeds are so reinvested within 180 days after the
expiration of such 365-day period; it being understood that if the Subject Proceeds have not been so reinvested prior to the expiration of the applicable period, the Borrower shall promptly prepay the Subject Loans with the amount of Subject
Proceeds not so reinvested as set forth above (without regard to the immediately preceding proviso) and (B) if, at the time that any such prepayment would be required hereunder, the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries is required to
repay 

78 

or repurchase any Other Applicable Indebtedness (or offer to repurchase such Other Applicable Indebtedness), then the relevant Person may apply the Subject Proceeds on a pro rata basis to the
prepayment of the Subject Loans and to the repurchase or repayment of the Other Applicable Indebtedness (determined on the basis of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Subject Loans and the Other Applicable Indebtedness (or accreted
amount if such Other Applicable Indebtedness is issued with original issue discount) at such time); it being understood that (1) the portion of the Subject Proceeds allocated to the Other Applicable Indebtedness shall not exceed the amount of
the Subject Proceeds required to be allocated to the Other Applicable Indebtedness pursuant to the terms thereof, and the remaining amount, if any, of the Subject Proceeds shall be allocated to the Subject Loans in accordance with the terms hereof,
and the amount of the prepayment of the Subject Loans that would have otherwise been required pursuant to this Section 2.11(b)(ii) shall be reduced accordingly and (2) to the extent the holders of the Other Applicable Indebtedness
decline to have such Indebtedness prepaid or repurchased, the declined amount shall promptly (and in any event within ten Business Days after the date of such rejection) be applied to prepay the Subject Loans in accordance with the terms hereof.

(iii) In the event that the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries receives Net Proceeds from the issuance or incurrence of
Indebtedness by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than Indebtedness that is permitted to be incurred under Section 6.01, except to the extent the relevant Indebtedness constitutes (A) Refinancing Indebtedness
(including Replacement Notes) incurred to refinance all or a portion of any Class of Term Loans pursuant to Section 6.01(p), (B) Incremental Loans incurred to refinance all or a portion of any Class of Term Loans pursuant to
Section 2.22, (C) Replacement Term Loans incurred to refinance all or any portion of any Class of Term Loans in accordance with the requirements of Section 9.02(c) and/or (D) Incremental Equivalent Debt incurred to
finance all or a portion of the Loans in accordance with the requirements of Section 6.01(z), in each case to the extent required by the terms thereof to prepay or offer to prepay such Indebtedness), the Borrower shall, promptly upon
(and in any event not later than two Business Days thereafter) the receipt thereof of such Net Proceeds by the Borrower or its applicable Restricted Subsidiary, apply an amount equal to 100% of such Net Proceeds to prepay the outstanding principal
amount of the relevant Class or Classes of Term Loans in accordance with clause (vi) below. 

(iv) Notwithstanding anything in
this Section 2.11(b) to the contrary: 

(A) the Borrower shall not be required to prepay any amount that would
otherwise be required to be paid pursuant to Sections 2.11(b)(i) or (ii) above to the extent that the relevant Excess Cash Flow is generated by any Foreign Subsidiary, the relevant Prepayment Asset Sale is consummated by any
Foreign Subsidiary, as the case may be, for so long as the repatriation to the Borrower of any such amount would be prohibited or delayed under any Requirement of Law or conflict with the fiduciary duties of such Foreign Subsidiarys directors,
or result in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a material risk of personal or criminal liability for any officer, director, employee, manager, member of management or consultant of such Foreign Subsidiary (it being agreed that, solely
within 365 days following the end of the applicable Excess Cash Flow Period or the event giving rise to the relevant Subject Proceeds, the Borrower shall take all commercially reasonable actions required by applicable Requirements of Law to permit
such repatriation) (it being understood that if the repatriation of the relevant affected Excess Cash Flow or Subject Proceeds, as the case may be, is permitted under the applicable Requirement of Law and, to the extent applicable, would no longer
conflict with the fiduciary duties of such director, or result in, or be reasonably expected to result in, a material risk of personal or criminal liability for the Persons described above, in either case, within 365 days following the end of the
applicable Excess Cash Flow Period or the event giving rise to the relevant Subject Proceeds, the relevant Foreign Subsidiary will promptly repatriate the relevant Excess Cash Flow or Subject Proceeds, as the case may be, and the repatriated Excess
Cash Flow or Subject Proceeds, as the case may be, will be promptly (and in any event not later than two Business Days after such repatriation) applied (net of additional Taxes payable or reserved against as a result thereof) to the repayment of the
Term Loans pursuant to this Section 2.11(b) to the extent required herein (without regard to this clause (iv))), 

(B) the Borrower shall not be required to prepay any amount that would otherwise be required to be paid pursuant to Sections
2.11(b)(i) or (ii) to the extent that the relevant Excess Cash Flow is generated by any joint venture or the relevant Subject Proceeds are received by any joint venture, in each case, for so long as the distribution to the Borrower
of such Excess Cash Flow or Subject Proceeds would be 

79 

prohibited under the Organizational Documents governing such joint venture; it being understood that if the relevant prohibition ceases to exist within the 365-day period following the end of the
applicable Excess Cash Flow Period or the event giving rise to the relevant Subject Proceeds, the relevant joint venture will promptly distribute the relevant Excess Cash Flow or the relevant Subject Proceeds, as the case may be, and the distributed
Excess Cash Flow or Subject Proceeds, as the case may be, will be promptly (and in any event not later than two Business Days after such distribution) applied to the repayment of the Term Loans pursuant to this Section 2.11(b) to the
extent required herein (without regard to this clause (iv)), and 

(C) if the Borrower determines in good faith that
the repatriation (or other intercompany distribution) to the Borrower, directly or indirectly, from a Foreign Subsidiary as a distribution or dividend of any amounts required to mandatorily prepay the Term Loans pursuant to Sections
2.11(b)(i) or (ii) above would result in a material and adverse Tax liability (including any withholding Tax) (the amount attributable to such Foreign Subsidiary, a Restricted Amount), the amount that the Borrower
shall be required to mandatorily prepay pursuant to Sections 2.11(b)(i) or (ii) above, as applicable, shall be reduced by the Restricted Amount; provided that to the extent that the repatriation (or other intercompany
distribution) of the relevant Subject Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow, directly or indirectly, from the relevant Foreign Subsidiary would no longer have a material adverse tax consequence within the 365-day period following the event giving rise to the
relevant Subject Proceeds or the end of the applicable Excess Cash Flow Period, as the case may be, an amount equal to the Subject Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow, as applicable and to the extent available, not previously applied pursuant to this
clause (C), shall be promptly applied to the repayment of the Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.11(b) as otherwise required above; 

(v) Any Term Lender may elect, by notice to the Administrative Agent at or prior to the time and in the manner specified by the Administrative
Agent, prior to any prepayment of Term Loans required to be made by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.11(b), to decline all (but not a portion) of its Applicable Percentage of such prepayment (such declined amounts, the
Declined Proceeds), in which case such Declined Proceeds may be retained by the Borrower; provided, for the avoidance of doubt, no Lender may reject any prepayment made under Section 2.11(b)(iii) above to the
extent that such prepayment is made with the Net Proceeds of (w) Refinancing Indebtedness (including Replacement Notes) incurred to refinance all or a portion of the Term Loans pursuant to Section 6.01(p), (x) Incremental Loans
incurred to refinance all or a portion of the Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.22, (y) Replacement Term Loans incurred to refinance all or any portion of the Term Loans in accordance with the requirements of
Section 9.02(c), and/or (z) Incremental Equivalent Debt incurred to finance all or a portion of the Loans in accordance with the requirements of Section 6.01(z). If any Lender fails to deliver a notice to the
Administrative Agent of its election to decline receipt of its Applicable Percentage of any mandatory prepayment within the time frame specified by the Administrative Agent, such failure will be deemed to constitute an acceptance of such
Lenders Applicable Percentage of the total amount of such mandatory prepayment of Term Loans. 

(vi) Except as otherwise contemplated
by this Agreement or provided in, or intended with respect to, any Refinancing Amendment, any Incremental Facility Amendment or any Extension Amendment or the definitive documentation governing any Replacement Notes (provided, that such
Refinancing Amendment, Incremental Facility Amendment or Extension Amendment may not provide that the applicable Class of Term Loans receive a greater than pro rata portion of mandatory prepayments of Term Loans pursuant to this
Section 2.11(b) than would otherwise be permitted by this Agreement), in each case effectuated or issued in a manner consistent with this Agreement, each mandatory prepayment of Term Loans pursuant to this Section 2.11(b)
shall be applied ratably to each Class and Type of Term Loans then outstanding which is pari passu with the Initial Term Loans
and the Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loans in right of
payment and with respect to security (provided that any prepayment of Term Loans with the Net Proceeds of any Refinancing Indebtedness, Incremental Term Facility or Replacement Term Loans shall be applied to the applicable Class and Type of
Term Loans being refinanced or replaced). With respect to each relevant Class and Type of Term Loans, all accepted prepayments under this Section 2.11(b) shall be applied against the remaining scheduled installments of principal due in
respect of such Term Loans as directed by the Borrower (or, in the absence of direction from the Borrower, to the remaining scheduled amortization payments in respect of such Term Loans in direct order of maturity), and each such prepayment shall be
paid to the Term Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentage of the applicable Class. If no Lenders exercise the right to waive a prepayment of the Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.11(b)(v), the amount of such
mandatory prepayments shall be applied first to the then outstanding Term Loans that are ABR Loans to the full extent thereof and then to the then outstanding Term Loans that are Term SOFR Loans in a manner that minimizes the amount of any payments
required to be made by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.16. 

80 

(vii) (A) In the event that the Revolving Credit Exposure of any Class exceeds the
amount of the Revolving Credit Commitment of such Class then in effect, the Borrower shall, within five Business Days of receipt of notice from the Administrative Agent, prepay the Revolving Loans or Swingline Loans and/or reduce LC Exposure in an
aggregate amount sufficient to reduce such Revolving Credit Exposure as of the date of such payment to an amount not to exceed the Revolving Credit Commitment of such Class then in effect by taking any of the following actions as it shall determine
at its sole discretion: (x) prepaying Revolving Loans or Swingline Loans or (y) with respect to any excess LC Exposure, depositing Cash in a Cash collateral account established for the benefit of the relevant Issuing Bank or
backstopping or replacing the relevant Letters of Credit, in each case, in an amount equal to 100% of such excess LC Exposure (minus any amount then on deposit in any Cash collateral account established for the benefit of the
relevant Issuing Bank). 

(B) Each prepayment of any Revolving Loan Borrowing under this Section 2.11(b)(vii)
shall be paid to the Revolving Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages of the applicable Class. 

(viii)
Prepayments made under this Section 2.11(b) shall be (A) accompanied by accrued interest as required by Section 2.13, (B) subject to Section 2.16 and (C) in the case of prepayments of Initial Term
Loans made on the Closing Date under clause
(iii) above as part of a Repricing Transaction, subject to Section 2.12(f), but shall otherwise be without premium or penalty. 

Section 2.12. Fees. 

(a) The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Lender of any Class (other than any Defaulting
Lender) a commitment fee, which shall accrue at a rate equal to the Commitment Fee Rate per annum applicable to the Revolving Credit Commitments of such Class on the average daily amount of the unused Revolving Credit Commitment of such Class of
such Revolving Lender during the period from and including the Closing Date to the date on which such Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment of such Class terminates. Accrued commitment fees shall be payable in arrears on the last Business Day of
each March, June, September and December (commencing with the Fiscal Quarter ending September 30, 2021) for the quarterly period then ended (or, in the case of the payment made on September 30, 2021, for the period from the Closing Date to
such date), and on the date on which the Revolving Credit Commitments of the applicable Class terminate. For purposes of calculating the commitment fee only, the Revolving Credit Commitment of any Class of any Revolving Lender shall be deemed to be
used to the extent of Revolving Loans of such Class of such Revolving Lender and the LC Exposure of such Revolving Lender attributable to its Revolving Credit Commitment of such Class and no portion of the Revolving Credit Commitment of any Class
shall be deemed used as a result of outstanding Swingline Loans. 

(b) The Borrower agrees to pay (i) to the Administrative Agent for
the account of each Revolving Lender of any Class a participation fee with respect to its participations in Letters of Credit, which shall accrue at the Applicable Rate used to determine the interest rate applicable to Revolving Loans of such Class
that are LIBO Rate Loans or Term SOFR Loans, as applicable (or, with respect to Letters of Credit denominated in British Pounds Sterling, RFR Loans), on the daily face amount of such Lenders LC Exposure attributable to its Revolving Credit
Commitment of such Class (excluding any portion thereof that is attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements), during the period from and including the Closing Date to the earlier of (A) the later of the date on which such Revolving
Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment of such Class terminates and the date on which such Revolving Lender ceases to have any LC Exposure attributable to its Revolving Credit Commitment of such Class and (B) the Termination Date, and
(ii) to each Issuing Bank, for its own account, a fronting fee, in respect of each Letter of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank for the period from the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit to the earlier of (A) the expiration date of
such Letter of Credit, (B) the date on which such Letter of Credit terminates or (C) the Termination Date, computed at a rate equal to the rate agreed by such Issuing Bank and the Borrower (but in any event not to exceed 0.125% per
annum) of the daily face amount of such Letter of Credit, as well as such Issuing Banks standard fees with respect to the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or processing of drawings thereunder. Participation
fees and fronting fees shall accrue to but excluding the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December and be payable in arrears for the quarterly period then ended (or, in the case of the

81 

payment made on September 30, 2021, for the period from the Closing Date to such date) on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December (commencing, if applicable,
September 30, 2021); provided that all such fees shall be payable on the date on which the Revolving Credit Commitments of the applicable Class terminate, and any such fees accruing after the date on which the Revolving Credit
Commitments of the applicable Class terminate shall be payable on demand. Any other fees payable to any Issuing Bank pursuant to this paragraph shall be payable within 30 days after receipt of a written demand (accompanied by reasonable back-up
documentation) therefor. 

(c) [Reserved]. 

(d) The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for its own account, the annual administration fee described in the Fee Letter.

(e) All fees payable hereunder shall be paid on the dates due, in Dollars and in immediately available funds, to the Administrative Agent
(or to the applicable Issuing Bank, in the case of fees payable to any Issuing Bank). Fees paid shall not be refundable under any circumstances except as otherwise provided in the Fee Letter. Fees payable hereunder shall accrue through and including
the last day of the month immediately preceding the applicable fee payment date. 

(f) In the event that, on or prior to the date that is
six months after the Closing Date, the Borrower (i) prepays, repays, refinances, substitutes or replaces any Initial Term Loans in connection with a Repricing Transaction (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any prepayment made pursuant to
Section 2.11(b)(iii) that constitutes a Repricing Transaction), or (ii) effects any amendment, modification or waiver of, or consent under, this Agreement resulting in a Repricing Transaction, the Borrower shall pay to the
Administrative Agent, for the ratable account of each of the applicable Initial Term Lenders, (A) in the case of clause (i), a premium of 1.00% of the aggregate principal amount of the Initial Term Loans so prepaid, repaid, refinanced,
substituted or replaced and (B) in the case of clause (ii), a fee equal to 1.00% of the aggregate principal amount of the Initial Term Loans that are the subject of such Repricing Transaction outstanding immediately prior to such
amendment. If, on or prior to the date that is six months after the Closing Date, all or any portion of the Initial Term Loans held by any Term Lender are prepaid, repaid, refinanced, substituted or replaced pursuant to
Section 2.19(b)(iv) as a result of, or in connection with, such Term Lender not agreeing or otherwise consenting to any waiver, consent, modification or amendment referred to in clause (ii) above (or otherwise in connection
with a Repricing Transaction), such prepayment, repayment, refinancing, substitution or replacement will be made at 101% of the principal amount so prepaid, repaid, refinanced, substituted or replaced. All such amounts shall be due and payable on
the date of effectiveness of such Repricing Transaction. 

(g) Unless otherwise indicated herein, all computations of fees shall be made on
the basis of a 360-day year and shall be payable for the actual days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). Each determination by the Administrative Agent of a fee hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes,
absent manifest error. 

Section 2.13. Interest. 

(a) The Term Loans, Revolving Loans and Swingline Loans comprising each ABR Borrowing shall bear interest at the Alternate Base Rate
plus the Applicable Rate. 

(b) The Term Loans and Revolving Loans comprising each Term SOFR Borrowing shall bear interest at Term
SOFR for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Rate. 

(c) The Revolving Loans comprising each LIBO
Rate Borrowing shall bear interest at the LIBO Rate for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Rate. 

(d) The Revolving Loans comprising each RFR Loan shall bear interest at the Daily Simple RFR plus the Applicable Rate. 

82 

(e) Notwithstanding the foregoing but in all cases subject to Section 9.05(f),
if any principal of or interest on any Term Loan or Revolving Loan, any LC Disbursement or any fee payable by the Borrower hereunder is not, in each case, paid or reimbursed when due, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, the
relevant overdue amount shall bear interest, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Requirements of Law, after as well as before judgment, at a rate per annum equal to (i) in the case of overdue principal or interest of any Term Loan,
Revolving Loan or unreimbursed LC Disbursement, 2.00% plus the rate otherwise applicable to such Term Loan, Revolving Loan or LC Disbursement as provided in the preceding paragraphs of this Section or (ii) in the case of any other
amount, 2.00% plus the rate applicable to Revolving Loans that are ABR Loans as provided in paragraph (a) of this Section; provided that no amount shall accrue pursuant to this Section 2.13(d) on any
overdue amount, reimbursement obligation in respect of any LC Disbursement or other amount payable to a Defaulting Lender so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender. 

(f) Accrued interest on each Term Loan, Revolving Loan and Swingline Loan shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date for such
Term Loan, Revolving Loan or Swingline Loan and (i) on the Maturity Date applicable to such Loan, (ii) in the case of a Revolving Loan of any Class, upon termination of the Revolving Credit Commitments of such Class and (iii) in the
case of any Swingline Loan, upon termination of all of the Revolving Credit Commitments, as applicable; provided that (A) interest accrued pursuant to paragraph (d) of this Section shall be payable on demand,
(B) in the event of any repayment or prepayment of any Term Loan or Revolving Loan (other than a Swingline Loan of any Class prior to the termination of the Revolving Credit Commitments of such Class), accrued interest on the principal amount
repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment and (C) in the event of any conversion of any LIBO Rate Loan or Term SOFR Loan prior to the end of the current Interest Period therefor, accrued interest on such
Term Loan or Revolving Loan shall be payable on the effective date of such conversion. 

(g) All interest hereunder shall be computed on
the basis of a year of 360 days, except that interest computed by reference to the Alternate Base Rate at times when the Alternate Base Rate is based on the Prime Rate and RFR Loans shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days
in a leap year), and in each case shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). The applicable Alternate Base Rate, Daily Simple RFR, LIBO Rate or Term SOFR shall be determined by the
Administrative Agent, and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Interest shall accrue on each Loan for the day on which the Loan is made and shall not accrue on a Loan, or any portion thereof, for the day on which the Loan or
such portion is paid; provided that any Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall bear interest for one day. 

(h) The Administrative Agent shall promptly upon the amount of any RFR Interest Payment becoming determinable notify (i) (such
notification to be made no later than three applicable RFR Business Days prior to the due date for such RFR Interest Payment) the relevant Borrower of the amount of that RFR Interest Payment; and (ii) the relevant Lenders and the Borrower of
each applicable rate of interest and the amount of interest for each day relating to the determination of that RFR Interest Payment (including a breakdown of such rate and amount of interest as between the Applicable Rate and the Daily Simple RFR
for such date and any other information that the Borrower may reasonably request in relation to the calculation of such rate and amount or the determination of that RFR Interest Payment). 

Section 2.14. Alternate Rate of Interest. (a) If at least two Business Days prior to the commencement of any Interest Period
for a LIBO Rate Borrowing or a Term SOFR Borrowing: 

(i) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be
conclusive absent manifest error) that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the LIBO Rate or Term SOFR, as applicable, for such Interest Period; or 

(ii) the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders that the LIBO Rate or Term SOFR, as applicable, for such
Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of making or maintaining their Loans included in such Borrowing for such Interest Period; 

83 

then the Administrative Agent shall promptly give notice thereof to the Borrower and the Lenders by
telephone or facsimile as promptly as practicable thereafter and, until the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist, which the Administrative Agent agrees promptly
to do, (i) the obligation of the Lenders to make or maintain Loans in the affected currencies, as applicable, shall be suspended in each case to the extent of the affected Revolving Alternative Currency Loans or Interest Period or determination
date(s), as applicable, (ii) any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, a LIBO Rate Borrowing or Term SOFR Borrowing, as applicable, shall be ineffective and such
Borrowing shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, and (iii) if any Borrowing Request requests a LIBO Rate Borrowing or Term SOFR Borrowing, as applicable, such Borrowing shall be made as
an ABR Borrowing. 

Section 2.15. Increased Costs. 

(a) If any Change in Law: 

(i) imposes, modifies or deems applicable any reserve, special deposit or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with
or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender (except any such reserve requirement reflected in the LIBO Rate, Term SOFR or Daily Simple RFR) or Issuing Bank; 

(ii) subject any Lender or Issuing Bank to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes and Other Taxes indemnifiable under
Section 2.17 and (B) Excluded Taxes) on or with respect to its loans, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto; or 

(iii) imposes on any Lender or Issuing Bank or the applicable offshore interbank market any other condition (other than Taxes)
affecting this Agreement or LIBO Rate Loans, Term SOFR Loans or RFR Loans made by any Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein; 

and the
result of any of the foregoing is to increase the cost to the relevant Lender of making or maintaining any LIBO Rate Loan, Term SOFR Loan or RFR Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan) or to increase the cost to such Lender or
Issuing Bank of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or Issuing Bank hereunder (whether of principal, interest or otherwise) in respect of any LIBO
Rate Loan, Term SOFR Loan, RFR Loan or Letter of Credit in an amount deemed by such Lender or Issuing Bank to be material, then, within 30 days after the Borrowers receipt of the certificate contemplated by paragraph (c) of this
Section, the Borrower will pay to such Lender or Issuing Bank, as applicable, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or Issuing Bank, as applicable, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered;
provided that the Borrower shall not be liable for such compensation if (x) the relevant Change in Law occurs on a date prior to the date such Lender becomes a party hereto, (y) such Lender invokes Section 2.20 or
(z) in the case of requests for reimbursement under clause (iii) above resulting from a market disruption, (A) the relevant circumstances are not generally affecting the banking market or (B) the applicable request has not
been made by Lenders constituting Required Lenders. 

(b) If any Lender or Issuing Bank determines that any Change in Law regarding
liquidity or capital requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lenders or Issuing Banks capital or on the capital of such Lenders or Issuing Banks holding company, if any, as a
consequence of this Agreement or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank, to a level below that which such Lender or such Issuing Bank or such Lenders
or such Issuing Banks holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law other than due to Taxes (taking into consideration such Lenders or Issuing Banks policies and the policies of such Lenders or such Issuing
Banks holding company with respect to capital adequacy), then within 30 days of receipt by the Borrower of the certificate contemplated by paragraph (c) of this Section the Borrower will pay to such Lender or such Issuing
Bank, as applicable, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Issuing Bank or such Lenders or such Issuing Banks holding company for any such reduction suffered. 

(c) Any Lender or Issuing Bank requesting compensation under this Section 2.15 shall be required to deliver a certificate to the
Borrower that (i) sets forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or Issuing Bank or the holding company thereof, as applicable, as specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section,
(ii) sets forth, in reasonable detail, the manner in which such amount or amounts were determined and (iii) certifies that such Lender or Issuing Bank is generally charging such amounts to similarly situated borrowers, which certificate
shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

84 

(d) Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or Issuing Bank to demand compensation
pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lenders or Issuing Banks right to demand such compensation; provided, however that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender or an
Issuing Bank pursuant to this Section for any increased costs or reductions incurred more than 180 days prior to the date that such Lender or Issuing Bank notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or
reductions and of such Lenders or Issuing Banks intention to claim compensation therefor; provided, further, that if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 180-day
period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. 

Section 2.16. Break Funding
Payments. Subject to Section 9.05(f), in the event of (a) the conversion or prepayment of any principal of any LIBO Rate Loan or Term SOFR Loan, as applicable, other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto
(whether voluntary, mandatory, automatic, by reason of acceleration or otherwise), (b) the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any LIBO Rate Loan or Term SOFR Loan, as applicable, on the date or in the amount specified in any notice
delivered pursuant hereto or (c) the assignment of any LIBO Rate Loan or Term SOFR Loan, as applicable, of any Lender other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to
Section 2.19, then, in any such event, the Borrower shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense incurred by such Lender that is attributable to such event (other than loss of profit). In the case of a LIBO Rate Loan
or Term SOFR Loan, as applicable, the loss, cost or expense of any Lender shall be the amount reasonably determined by such Lender to be the excess, if any, of (i) the amount of interest which would have accrued on the principal amount of such
Loan had such event not occurred at the LIBO Rate or Term SOFR, as applicable, that would have been applicable to such Loan for the period from the date of such event to the last day of the then current Interest Period therefor (or, in the case of a
failure to borrow, convert or continue, for the period that would have been the Interest Period for such Loan), over (ii) the amount of interest which would accrue on such principal amount for such period at the interest rate which such Lender
would bid were it to bid, at the commencement of such period, for deposits in the applicable currency of a comparable amount and period from other banks in the applicable interbank market; it being understood that such loss, cost or expense shall in
any case exclude any interest rate floor and all administrative, processing or similar fees. Any Lender requesting compensation under this Section 2.16 shall be required to deliver a certificate to the Borrower that (A) sets forth
any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section, the basis therefor and, in reasonable detail, the manner in which such amount or amounts were determined and (B) certifies that such Lender is
generally charging the relevant amounts to similarly situated borrowers, which certificate shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 30 days after receipt
thereof. 

Section 2.17. Taxes. 

(a) Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be made free and clear of and
without deduction for any Taxes, except as required by applicable Requirements of Law. If any applicable Requirement of Law requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment, then (i) if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax
and/or Other Tax, the amount payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after all required deductions or withholdings have been made (including deductions or withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under
this Section 2.17) each Lender (or, in the case of any payment made to the Administrative Agent for its own account, the Administrative Agent) receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions or
withholdings been made, (ii) the applicable withholding agent shall make such deductions and (iii) the applicable withholding agent shall timely pay the full amount deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with
applicable Requirements of Law. 

(b) In addition, the Loan Parties shall pay any Other Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority in
accordance with applicable Requirements of Law. 

(c) The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent and each Lender within 30 days
after receipt of the certificate described in the succeeding sentence, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes payable or paid by the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as applicable (including Indemnified Taxes or

85 

Other Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 2.17), and, in each case, any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto,
whether or not correctly or legally imposed or asserted. In connection with any request for reimbursement under this Section 2.17(c), the relevant Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, shall deliver a certificate to the
Borrower setting forth, in reasonable detail, the basis and calculation of the amount of the relevant payment or liability. 

(d)
[Reserved]. 

(e) As soon as practicable after any payment of any Taxes pursuant to this Section 2.17 by any Loan Party to a
Governmental Authority, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued, if any, by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other
evidence of such payment that is reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

(f) Status of Lenders. 

(i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of any withholding Tax with respect to any payments made
under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation as the Borrower or the
Administrative Agent may reasonably request to permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such
other documentation prescribed by applicable Requirements of Law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup
withholding or information reporting requirements. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to deliver to the Borrower and to any successor Administrative Agent any documentation provided to the Administrative Agent pursuant to this
Section 2.17(f). 

(ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, 

(A) each U.S. Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such U.S.
Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), two executed original copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S.
federal backup withholding; 

(B) each Foreign Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior
to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable: 

(1) in the case of any Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the U.S. is a party, two executed
original copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, as applicable, establishing any available exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax; 

(2) two executed original copies of IRS Form W-8ECI (or any successor forms); 

(3) in the case of any Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 871(h)
or 881(c) of the Code, (x) two executed original copies of a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit O-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the
Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code, and that no payments payable
to such Lender are effectively connected with the conduct of a U.S. trade or business (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate) and (y) two executed original copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, as applicable (or any successor
forms); or 

86 

(4) to the extent any Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner (e.g.,
where the Foreign Lender is a partnership or participating Lender), two executed original copies of IRS Form W-8IMY (or any successor forms), accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate
substantially in the form of Exhibit O-2, Exhibit O-3 or Exhibit O-4, IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if such Foreign Lender is a partnership
(and not a participating Lender) and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of
Exhibit O-3 on behalf of each such direct or indirect partner(s); 

(C) each Foreign Lender shall deliver to the
Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), two executed
original copies of any other form prescribed by applicable Requirements of Law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed
by applicable Requirements of Law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and 

(D) if a payment made to any Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA
if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative
Agent at the time or times prescribed by applicable Requirements of Law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation as is prescribed by applicable Requirements of Law (including as
prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their
obligations under FATCA, to determine whether such Lender has complied with such Lenders obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount, if any, to deduct and withhold from such payment. 

For the avoidance of doubt, if a Lender is an entity disregarded from its owner for U.S. federal income tax purposes, references to the
foregoing documentation are intended to refer to documentation with respect to such Lenders owner and, as applicable, such Lender. 

Each Lender agrees that if any documentation it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect (including any
specific documentation required above in this Section 2.17(f)), it shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent updated or other appropriate documentation (including any new documentation reasonably requested by the
Borrower or the Administrative Agent) or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal ineligibility to do so. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 2.17(f), no Lender shall be required to provide any documentation that
such Lender is not legally eligible to deliver. 

(g) If the Administrative Agent or any Lender determines, in its sole discretion, that it
has received a refund (whether received in cash or applied as a credit against any cash taxes of the same type payable) of any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by the Borrower or with respect to which the Borrower
has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.17, it shall pay over such refund to the Borrower (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by the Borrower under this Section 2.17
with respect to the Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses of the Administrative Agent or such Lender (including any Taxes imposed with respect to such refund), and without interest (other
than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund); provided 

87 

that the Borrower, upon the request of the Administrative Agent or such Lender, agrees to repay the amount paid over to such Loan Party (plus any penalties, interest or other charges
imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Administrative Agent or such Lender in the event the Administrative Agent or such Lender is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
in this paragraph (g), in no event will the Administrative Agent or any Lender be required to pay any amount to the Borrower pursuant to this paragraph (g) to the extent that the payment thereof would place the Administrative
Agent or such Lender in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the position that the Administrative Agent or such Lender would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the
indemnification payments or additional amounts giving rise to such refund had never been paid. This Section 2.17 shall not be construed to require the Administrative Agent or any Lender to make available its Tax returns (or any other
information relating to its Taxes which it deems confidential) to the relevant Loan Party or any other Person. 

(h) Survival. Each
partys obligations under this Section 2.17 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, any Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the
repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document. 

(i) Definition of Lender. For the avoidance of
doubt, the term Lender shall, for all purposes of this Section 2.17, include any Issuing Bank and the Swingline Lender. 

(j) On or before the date the Administrative Agent becomes a party to this Agreement, the Administrative Agent shall deliver to Borrower
whichever of the following is applicable: (i) if the Administrative Agent is a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code, two executed original copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such
Administrative Agent is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding or (ii) if the Administrative Agent is not a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code, (A) with respect to payments
received for its own account, two executed original copies of IRS Form W-8ECI and (B) with respect to payments received on account of any Lender, two executed original copies of IRS Form W-8IMY (together with all required accompanying
documentation) certifying that the Administrative Agent is a U.S. branch and may be treated as a United States person for purposes of applicable U.S. federal withholding Tax. At any time thereafter, the Administrative Agent shall provide updated
documentation previously provided (or a successor form thereto) when any documentation previously delivered has expired or become obsolete or invalid or otherwise upon the reasonable request of the Borrower. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
in this Section 2.17(j), the Administrative Agent shall not be required to provide any documentation that the Administrative Agent is not legally eligible to deliver as a result of a Change in Law after the Closing Date. 

Section 2.18. Payments Generally; Allocation of Proceeds; Sharing of Payments. 

(a) All payments to be made by the Borrower shall be made free and clear of and without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense,
recoupment or setoff. Unless otherwise specified, the Borrower shall make each payment required to be made by it hereunder (whether of principal, interest or fees, reimbursements of LC Disbursements, or of amounts payable under
Section 2.15, 2.16 or 2.17, or otherwise) prior to 3:00 p.m. on the date when due, in immediately available funds. Any amounts received after such time on any date may, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, be
deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day for purposes of calculating interest thereon. All such payments shall be made to the Administrative Agent to the applicable account designated by the Administrative Agent to the
Borrower, except that payments pursuant to Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03 shall be made directly to the Person or Persons entitled thereto. The Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payments received by it
for the account of any other Person to the appropriate recipient promptly following receipt thereof. Except as provided in Sections 2.19(b) and 2.20, each Borrowing, each payment or prepayment of principal of any Borrowing, each
payment of interest on the Loans of a given Class and each conversion of any Borrowing to or continuation of any Borrowing as a Borrowing of any Type (and of the same Class) shall be allocated pro rata among the Lenders in accordance with their
respective Applicable Percentages of the applicable Class. Each Lender agrees that in computing such Lenders portion of any Borrowing to be made hereunder, the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion, round each Lenders percentage of
such Borrowing to the next higher or lower whole Dollar amount. All payments hereunder shall be made in Dollars. Any payment required to be made by the Administrative Agent hereunder shall be deemed to have been made by the time required if the
Administrative Agent shall, at or before such time, have taken the necessary steps to make such payment in accordance with the regulations or operating procedures of the clearing or settlement system used by the Administrative Agent to make such
payment. 

88 

(b) All proceeds of Collateral received by the Administrative Agent while an Event of
Default exists and all or any portion of the Loans have been accelerated hereunder pursuant to Section 7.01, shall be applied, first, to the payment of all costs and expenses then due incurred by the Administrative Agent in
connection with any collection, sale or realization on Collateral or otherwise in connection with this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any of the Secured Obligations, including all court costs and the fees and expenses of agents and legal
counsel, the repayment of all advances made by the Administrative Agent hereunder or under any other Loan Document on behalf of any Loan Party and any other costs or expenses incurred in connection with the exercise of any right or remedy hereunder
or under any other Loan Document, second, on a pro rata basis, to pay any fees, indemnities or expense reimbursements then due to the Administrative Agent (other than those covered in clause first above) or to the Swingline Lender or any
Issuing Bank from the Borrower constituting Secured Obligations, third, on a pro rata basis in accordance with the amounts of the Secured Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations for which no claim has yet been made)
owed to the Secured Parties on the date of any such distribution, to the payment in full of the Secured Obligations (including, with respect to LC Exposure, an amount to be paid to the Administrative Agent equal to 100% of the LC Exposure
(minus the amount then on deposit in the LC Collateral Account) on such date, to be held in the LC Collateral Account as Cash collateral for such Obligations); provided that if any Letter of Credit expires undrawn, then any Cash
collateral held to secure the related LC Exposure shall be applied in accordance with this Section 2.18(b), beginning with clause first above, and fourth, to, or at the direction of, the Borrower or as a court of competent
jurisdiction may otherwise direct. 

(c) If any Lender obtains payment (whether voluntary, involuntary, through the exercise of any right
of set-off or otherwise) in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Loans of any Class or participations in LC Disbursements or Swingline Loans held by it resulting in such Lender receiving payment of a greater proportion of the
aggregate amount of its Loans of such Class and participations in LC Disbursements or Swingline Loans and accrued interest thereon than the proportion received by any other Lender with Loans of such Class and participations in LC Disbursements or
Swingline Loans, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall purchase (for Cash at face value) participations in the Loans of such Class and sub-participations in LC Disbursements or Swingline Loans of other Lenders of such Class at such
time outstanding to the extent necessary so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders of such Class ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Loans of such
Class and participations in LC Disbursements or Swingline Loans; provided that (i) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded
and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest, and (ii) the provisions of this paragraph shall not apply to (x) any payment made by the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of
this Agreement or (y) any payment obtained by any Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans to any permitted assignee or participant, including any payment made or deemed made in connection
with Sections 2.22, 2.23, 9.02(c) and/or Section 9.05. The Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable Requirements of Law, that any Lender acquiring a
participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against the Borrower rights of set-off and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such
participation. The Administrative Agent will keep records (which shall be conclusive and binding in the absence of manifest error) of participations purchased under this Section 2.18(c) and will, in each case, notify the Lenders
following any such purchases or repayments. Each Lender that purchases a participation pursuant to this Section 2.18(c) shall from and after such purchase have the right to give all notices, requests, demands, directions and other
communications under this Agreement with respect to the portion of the Obligations purchased to the same extent as though the purchasing Lender were the original owner of the Obligations purchased. For purposes of subclause (c) of the
definition of Excluded Taxes, a Lender that acquires a participation pursuant to this Section 2.18(c) shall be treated as having acquired such participation on the earlier date(s) on which such Lender acquired the applicable
interest(s) in the Commitment(s) and/or Loan(s) to which such participation relates. 

(d) Unless the Administrative Agent has received
notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of any Lender or any Issuing Bank hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the
Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the applicable 

89 

Lender or Issuing Bank the amount due. With respect to any payment that the Administrative Agent makes for the account of the Lenders or any Issuing Bank hereunder as to which the Administrative
Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that any of the following applies (such payment referred to as the Rescindable Amount): (1) the Borrower has not in fact made such payment;
(2) the Administrative Agent has made a payment in excess of the amount so paid by the Borrower (whether or not then owed); or (3) the Administrative Agent has for any reason otherwise erroneously made such payment; then each of the
Lenders or the applicable Issuing Banks, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the Rescindable Amount so distributed to such Lender or such Issuing Bank, in immediately available funds with
interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the
Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender with respect to any amount owing under this clause (d) shall be conclusive, absent manifest
error. 

(e) If any Lender fails to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.07(b) or
Section 2.18(d), then the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion (notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof), apply any amounts thereafter received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender to satisfy such
Lenders obligations under such Sections until all such unsatisfied obligations are fully paid. 

Section 2.19. Mitigation
Obligations; Replacement of Lenders. 

(a) If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15 or such Lender determines
it can no longer make or maintain LIBO Rate Loans, Term SOFR Loans or RFR Loans pursuant to Section 2.20, or any Loan Party is required to pay any additional amount to or indemnify any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account
of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17, then such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or its participation in any Letter of Credit affected by such event,
or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the reasonable judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to
Section 2.15 or 2.17, as applicable, in the future or mitigate the impact of Section 2.20, as the case may be, and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed out-of-pocket cost or expense and would not
otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender in any material respect. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. 

(b) If (i) any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15 or such Lender determines it can no longer make or maintain
LIBO Rate Loans, Term SOFR Loans or RFR Loans pursuant to Section 2.20, (ii) any Loan Party is required to pay any additional amount to or indemnify any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to
Section 2.17, (iii) any Lender is a Defaulting Lender or (iv) in connection with any proposed amendment, waiver or consent requiring the consent of each Lender, each Revolving Lender or each Lender
directly affected thereby (or any other Class or group of Lenders other than the Required Lenders) with respect to which Required Lender or Required Revolving Lender consent (or the consent of Lenders holding Loans or Commitments of such Class
or lesser group representing more than 50% of the sum of the total Loans and unused Commitments of such Class or lesser group at such time) has been obtained, as applicable, any Lender is a non-consenting Lender, then the Borrower may, at its sole
expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, (x) terminate the applicable Commitments of such Lender, and repay all Obligations of the Borrower owing to such Lender relating to the applicable Loans and
participations held by such Lender as of such termination date (provided that, if, after giving effect such termination and repayment, the aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Exposure of any Class exceeds the aggregate amount of the
Revolving Credit Commitments of such Class then in effect, then the Borrower shall, not later than the next Business Day, prepay one or more Revolving Loan Borrowings of the applicable Class or Swingline Loans (and, if no Revolving Loan Borrowings
of such Class are outstanding, deposit Cash collateral in the LC Collateral Account) in an amount necessary to eliminate such excess) or (y) replace such Lender by requiring such Lender to assign and delegate (and such Lender shall be obligated
to assign and delegate), without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 9.05), all of its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement to an Eligible Assignee that shall assume such
obligations (which Eligible Assignee may be another Lender, if any Lender accepts such assignment); provided that (A) such Lender has received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal amount of its Loans and, if
applicable, participations in LC Disbursements or Swingline Loans, in each case of such Class of Loans and/or Commitments, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it under any Loan Document

90 

with respect to such Class of Loans and/or Commitments, (B) in the case of any assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 2.15 or payments required to be
made pursuant to Section 2.17, such assignment would result in a reduction in such compensation or payments and (C) such assignment does not conflict with applicable Requirements of Law. No Lender (other than a Defaulting Lender)
shall be required to make any such assignment and delegation, and the Borrower may not repay the Obligations of such Lender or terminate its Commitments, if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances
entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. Each Lender agrees that if it is replaced pursuant to this Section 2.19, it shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and
Assumption to evidence such sale and purchase and shall deliver to the Administrative Agent any Promissory Note (if the assigning Lenders Loans are evidenced by one or more Promissory Notes) subject to such Assignment and Assumption
(provided that the failure of any Lender replaced pursuant to this Section 2.19 to execute an Assignment and Assumption or deliver any such Promissory Note shall not render such sale and purchase (and the corresponding assignment)
invalid), such assignment shall be recorded in the Register, any such Promissory Note shall be deemed cancelled. Each Lender hereby irrevocably appoints the Administrative Agent (such appointment being coupled with an interest) as such Lenders
attorney-in-fact, with full authority in the place and stead of such Lender and in the name of such Lender, from time to time in the Administrative Agents discretion, with prior written notice to such Lender, to take any action and to execute
any such Assignment and Assumption or other instrument that the Administrative Agent may deem reasonably necessary to carry out the provisions of this clause (b). To the extent that any Lender is replaced pursuant to
Section 2.19(b)(iv) in connection with a Repricing Transaction requiring payment of a fee pursuant to Section 2.12(f), the Borrower shall pay to each Lender being replaced as a result of such Repricing Transaction the fee set
forth in Section 2.12(f). 

Section 2.20. Illegality. If any Lender reasonably determines that any Change in Law
has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted after the Closing Date that it is unlawful, for such Lender or its applicable lending office to make, maintain or fund Loans whose interest is determined by reference to the
Published LIBO Rate, SOFR, Term SOFR or SONIA, or to determine or charge interest rates based upon the Published LIBO Rate, SOFR, Term SOFR or SONIA, or any Governmental Authority has imposed material restrictions on the authority of such Lender to
purchase or sell, or to take deposits of Dollars or any Revolving Alternative Currency in the applicable interbank market, then, on notice thereof by such Lender to the Borrower through the Administrative Agent, (i) any obligation of such
Lender to make or continue LIBO Rate Loans, Term SOFR Loans or RFR Loans, as applicable, or to convert ABR Loans to LIBO Rate Loans, Term SOFR Loans or RFR Loans, as applicable, shall be suspended and (ii) if such notice asserts the illegality
of such Lender making or maintaining ABR Loans the interest rate on which is determined by reference to the Published LIBO Rate or Term SOFR component of the Alternate Base Rate, the interest rate on ABR Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to
avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Published LIBO Rate or Term SOFR component of the Alternate Base Rate, in each case until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that
the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist (which notice such Lender agrees to give promptly). Upon receipt of such notice, (x) the Borrower shall, upon demand from the relevant Lender (with a copy to the Administrative
Agent), prepay or convert all of such Lenders LIBO Rate Loans or Term SOFR Loans to ABR Loans (the interest rate on which ABR Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without
reference to the Published LIBO Rate or Term SOFR component of the Alternate Base Rate) either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such LIBO Rate Loans or Term SOFR Loans to such day, or
immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such LIBO Rate Loans or Term SOFR Loans (in which case the Borrower shall not be required to make payments pursuant to Section 2.16 in connection with such payment),
(y) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender determining or charging interest rates based upon the Published LIBO Rate or Term SOFR, the Administrative Agent shall during the period of such suspension compute the Alternate Base Rate
applicable to such Lender without reference to the Published LIBO Rate or Term SOFR component thereof until the Administrative Agent is advised in writing by such Lender that it is no longer illegal for such Lender to determine or charge interest
rates based upon the Published LIBO Rate or Term SOFR and (z) in the case of any Loans denominated in a Revolving Alternative Currency, prepay all such Loans, as applicable, in the affected currency or currencies. Upon any such prepayment or
conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted. Each Lender agrees to designate a different lending office if such designation will avoid the need for such notice and will not, in the
determination of such Lender, otherwise be materially disadvantageous to such Lender. 

91 

Section 2.21. Defaulting Lenders. Notwithstanding any provision of this
Agreement to the contrary, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the following provisions shall apply for so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender: 

(a) Fees shall cease to accrue on the unfunded portion of any Commitment of such Defaulting Lender pursuant to
Section 2.12(a) and, subject to clause (d)(iv) below, on the participation of such Defaulting Lender in Letters of Credit pursuant to Section 2.12(b) and pursuant to any other provisions of this Agreement or any other
Loan Document. 

(b) The Commitments and the Revolving Credit Exposure of such Defaulting Lender shall not be included in
determining whether all Lenders, each affected Lender, the Required Lenders, the Required Revolving Lenders or such other number of Lenders as may be required hereby or under any other Loan Document have taken or may take any action hereunder
(including any consent to any waiver, amendment or modification pursuant to Section 9.02); provided that any waiver, amendment or modification requiring the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender which affects such
Defaulting Lender disproportionately and adversely relative to other affected Lenders shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender. 

(c) Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of any
Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Section 2.11, Section 2.15, Section 2.16, Section 2.17, Section 2.18, Article 7,
Section 9.05 or otherwise, and including any amounts made available to the Administrative Agent by such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 9.09), shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the
Administrative Agent and, where relevant, the Borrower as follows: first, to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder; second, to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts
owing by such Defaulting Lender to any applicable Issuing Bank and/or Swingline Lender hereunder; third, if so reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent or reasonably requested by the applicable Issuing Bank, to be held as Cash
collateral for future funding obligations of such Defaulting Lender in respect of any participation in any Letter of Credit; fourth, so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, as the Borrower may request, to the funding of any Loan in
respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement; fifth, as the Administrative Agent or the Borrower may elect, to be held in a deposit account and released in order to satisfy
obligations of such Defaulting Lender to fund Loans under this Agreement; sixth, to the payment of any amounts owing to the non-Defaulting Lenders, Issuing Banks or Swingline Lender as a result of any judgment of a court of competent
jurisdiction obtained by any non-Defaulting Lender, any Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lenders breach of its obligations under this Agreement; seventh, to the payment of
any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lenders breach of its obligations under this Agreement;
and eighth, to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loan or LC Exposure in respect of which such
Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share and (y) such Loan or LC Exposure was made or created, as applicable, at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall
be applied solely to pay the Loans of, and LC Exposure owed to, all non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or LC Exposure owed to, such Defaulting Lender. Any payments, prepayments or other
amounts paid or payable to any Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by any Defaulting Lender or to post Cash collateral pursuant to this Section 2.21(c) shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such
Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto. 

(d) If any LC Exposure or Swingline Exposure exists at the
time any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender then: 

(i) (I) the LC Exposure of such Defaulting Lender shall be
reallocated among the non-Defaulting Lenders under the applicable Revolving Facility (the Non-Defaulting Revolving Lenders) in accordance with their respective Revolving Credit Percentages but only to the extent that (after giving
effect to the reallocations in clauses (I) through (III) of this paragraph) (A) the sum of the Revolving Credit Exposures of all Non-Defaulting Revolving Lenders attributable to the 

92 

Revolving Credit Commitments of any Class does not exceed the total of the Revolving Credit Commitments of all Non-Defaulting Revolving Lenders of such Class and (B) the Revolving Credit
Exposure of any Non-Defaulting Revolving Lender that is attributable to its Revolving Credit Commitment of such Class does not exceed such Non-Defaulting Revolving Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment, (II) the Swingline Exposure of such
Defaulting Lender shall be reallocated among the Non-Defaulting Revolving Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Revolving Credit Percentages but only to the extent that (A) the sum of the Revolving Credit Exposures of all
Non-Defaulting Revolving Lenders attributable to the Revolving Credit Commitments of any Class does not exceed the total of the Revolving Credit Commitments of all Non-Defaulting Revolving Lenders of such Class and (B) the Revolving Credit
Exposure of any non-Defaulting Lender that is attributable to its Revolving Credit Commitment of any Class does not exceed such non-Defaulting Revolving Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment of such Class and (III) if at such time there are
Revolving Credit Commitments of a Class other than the Initial Revolving Credit Commitments, the LC Exposure of such Defaulting Lender shall be reallocated among the Non-Defaulting Revolving Lenders under the Revolving Facility of such other Class
of Revolving Credit Commitments in accordance with their respective Applicable Revolving Credit Percentages but only to the extent that (A) the sum of the Revolving Credit Exposures of all Non-Defaulting Revolving Lenders attributable to the
Revolving Credit Commitments of such other Class does not exceed the total of the Revolving Credit Commitments of all Non-Defaulting Revolving Lenders of such other Class and (B) the Revolving Credit Exposure of any non-Defaulting Lender that
is attributable to its Revolving Credit Commitment of such other Class does not exceed such non-Defaulting Revolving Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment of such other Class; 

(ii) if the reallocation described in clause (i) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Borrower
shall, without prejudice to any other right or remedy available to it hereunder or under applicable Requirements of Law, within two Business Days following notice by the Administrative Agent, Cash collateralize 100% of such Defaulting Lenders
LC Exposure and any obligations of such Defaulting Lender to fund participations in any Swingline Loans (after giving effect to any partial reallocation pursuant to clause (i) above and any Cash collateral provided by such Defaulting
Lender or pursuant to Section 2.21(c) above) or make other arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and to the applicable Issuing Bank and/or Swingline Lender under the applicable Class or Classes of Revolving
Credit Commitments with respect to such LC Exposure and/or Swingline Loans and obligations to fund participations. Cash collateral (or the appropriate portion thereof) provided to reduce LC Exposure or other obligations shall be released promptly
following (A) the elimination of the applicable LC Exposure or other obligations giving rise thereto (including by the termination of the Defaulting Lender status of the applicable Lender (or, as appropriate, its assignee following compliance
with Section 2.19)) or (B) the Administrative Agents good faith determination that there exists excess Cash collateral (including as a result of any subsequent reallocation of Swingline Loans and LC Exposure among
non-Defaulting Lenders described in clause (i) above); 

(iii) if the LC Exposure of the non-Defaulting Lenders
is reallocated pursuant to this Section 2.21(d), then the fees payable to the Revolving Lenders pursuant to Sections 2.12(a) and (b), as the case may be, shall be adjusted to give effect to such reallocation; and 

(iv) if any Defaulting Lenders LC Exposure is not Cash collateralized, prepaid or reallocated pursuant to this
Section 2.21(d), then, without prejudice to any rights or remedies of the applicable Issuing Bank or any Revolving Lender hereunder, all letter of credit fees payable under Section 2.12(b) with respect to such Defaulting
Lenders LC Exposure shall be payable to the applicable Issuing Bank until such Defaulting Lenders LC Exposure is Cash collateralized or reallocated. 

(e) So long as any Revolving Lender is a Defaulting Lender, the Swingline Lender shall not be required to fund any Swingline
Loans, and no Issuing Bank shall be required to issue, extend, create, incur, amend or increase any Letter of Credit unless it is reasonably satisfied that the related exposure will be 100% 

93 

covered by the Revolving Credit Commitments of the non-Defaulting Lenders, Cash collateral provided pursuant to Section 2.21(c) and/or Cash collateral provided in accordance with
Section 2.21(d), and participating interests in any such or newly issued, extended or created Letter of Credit or newly made Swingline Loan shall be allocated among Non-Defaulting Revolving Lenders in a manner consistent with
Section 2.21(d)(i) (it being understood that Defaulting Lenders shall not participate therein). 

(f) In the
event that the Administrative Agent and the Borrower agree that any Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Revolving Lender to be a Defaulting Lender, then (A) the Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage of LC
Exposure of the applicable Revolving Lenders shall be readjusted to reflect the inclusion of such Revolving Lenders applicable Revolving Credit Commitment, and on such date such Revolving Lender shall purchase at par such of the applicable
Revolving Loans of the other applicable Revolving Lenders or participations in applicable Revolving Loans as the Administrative Agent determines is necessary in order for such Revolving Lender to hold such Revolving Loans or participations in
accordance with its Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage, (B) the Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage of Swingline Exposure of the Revolving Lenders shall be readjusted to reflect the inclusion of such Lenders Revolving Credit
Commitment and (C) if the Revolving Lender that was a Defaulting Lender was not an Initial Revolving Lender, the Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage of LC Exposure of the Revolving Lenders of the Revolving Credit Commitments of the Revolving
Lenders of the Class of which such Lender is a part shall be readjusted to reflect the inclusion of such Revolving Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment, and on such date such Revolving Lender shall purchase at par such of the Revolving Loans of
the applicable Class of the other Revolving Lenders of such Class or participations in Revolving Loans of the applicable Class as the Administrative Agent determines is necessary in order for such Revolving Lender to hold such Revolving Loans or
participations in accordance with its Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage. Notwithstanding the fact that any Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Lender to be a Defaulting Lender, (x) no adjustments will be
made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower while such Lender was a Defaulting Lender and (y) except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from
Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from such Lenders having been a Defaulting Lender. 

Section 2.22. Incremental Credit Extensions. 

(a) The Borrower may, at any time, on one or more occasions pursuant to an Incremental Facility Amendment (i) add one or more new Classes
of term facilities and/or increase the principal amount of the Term Loans of any existing Class by requesting new commitments to provide such Term Loans (any such new Class or increase, an Incremental Term Facility and any loans
made pursuant to an Incremental Term Facility, Incremental Term Loans) and/or (ii) add one or more new Classes of Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments and/or increase the aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit
Commitments of any existing Class (any such new Class or increase, an Incremental Revolving Facility and, together with any Incremental Term Facility, Incremental Facilities; and the loans thereunder,
Incremental Revolving Loans and any Incremental Revolving Loans, together with any Incremental Term Loans, Incremental Loans) in an aggregate outstanding principal amount not to exceed the Incremental Cap;
provided that: 

(i) no Incremental Commitment in respect of any Incremental Term Facility may be in an amount that
is less than $5,000,000 (or such lesser amount to which the Administrative Agent may reasonably agree), 

(ii) except as the
Borrower and any Lender may separately agree, no Lender shall be obligated to provide any Incremental Commitment, and the determination to provide such commitments shall be within the sole and absolute discretion of such Lender (it being agreed that
the Borrower shall not be obligated to offer the opportunity to any Lender to participate in any Incremental Facility), 

(iii) no Incremental Facility or Incremental Loan (nor the creation, provision or implementation thereof) shall require the
approval of any existing Lender other than in its capacity, if any, as a lender providing all or part of any Incremental Commitment or Incremental Loan, 

94 

(iv) except as otherwise permitted herein (including with respect to margin,
pricing, maturity and fees), (A) the terms of any Incremental Term Facility, if not substantially consistent with those applicable to any then-existing Term Loans, must be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent (it being agreed that
(x) any terms which are applicable only after the then-existing Latest Term Loan Maturity Date and (y) terms contained in such Incremental Term Facility that are more favorable to the lenders or the agent of such Incremental Term Facility
than those contained in the Loan Documents and are then conformed (or added) to the Loan Documents for the benefit of the Term Lenders or, as applicable, the Administrative Agent (i.e., by conforming or adding a term to the then-outstanding Term
Loans pursuant to the applicable Incremental Facility Amendment) shall be deemed satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) and (B) the terms of any Incremental Revolving Facility, if not substantially consistent with those applicable to any
then-existing Revolving Facility must be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent (it being agreed that (x) any terms which are applicable only after the then-existing Latest Revolving Credit Maturity Date and (y) terms contained
in such Incremental Revolving Facility that are more favorable to the lenders or the agent of such Incremental Revolving Facility than those contained in the Loan Documents and are then conformed (or added) to the Loan Documents for the benefit of
the Revolving Lenders or, as applicable, the Administrative Agent (i.e., by conforming or adding a term to the then-outstanding Revolving Facility pursuant to the applicable Incremental Facility Amendment) shall be deemed satisfactory to the
Administrative Agent), 

(v) the Effective Yield (and the components thereof) applicable to any Incremental Facility shall
be determined by the Borrower and the lender or lenders providing such Incremental Facility; provided that, with respect to any Incremental Term Facility that is (A) in an aggregate principal amount in excess of $235,000,000 (the
MFN Trigger Amount), (B) pari passu with the Initial Term Loans in right of payment and with respect to security, (C) incurred in reliance on clause (e) of the definition of Incremental Cap
(but not any reclassification pursuant to clause (iii) of the proviso to such definition), (D) incurred prior to the 12-month anniversary of the Closing Date and (E) scheduled to mature prior to the date that is two years after
the Initial Term Loan Maturity Date, the Effective Yield applicable thereto may not be more than 0.75% higher than the Effective Yield applicable to the Initial Term Loans unless the Applicable Rate (and/or, as provided in the proviso below, the
Alternate Base Rate floor or Term SOFR floor) with respect to the Initial Term Loans is adjusted to be equal to the Effective Yield with respect to such Incremental Facility, minus 0.75% (this clause (v), including the carveouts and
qualifications set forth in clauses (A) through (E), the MFN Protection); provided, further, that any increase in Effective Yield to any Initial Term Loan due to the application or imposition of an Alternate
Base Rate floor or Term SOFR floor on any Incremental Term Loan may be effected, at the option of the Borrower, through an increase in (or implementation of, as applicable) any Alternate Base Rate floor or Term SOFR floor applicable to such Initial
Term Loan, 

(vi) (A) subject to the Permitted Earlier Maturity Indebtedness Exception, the final maturity date with
respect to any Incremental Term Loans shall be no earlier than the Latest Term Loan Maturity Date and (B) no Incremental Revolving Facility may have a final maturity date earlier than (or require scheduled amortization or mandatory commitment
reductions prior to) the Latest Revolving Credit Maturity Date, 

(vii) subject to the Permitted Earlier Maturity
Indebtedness Exception, the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any Incremental Term Facility shall be no shorter than the remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the then-existing tranche of Term Loans (without giving effect to any
prepayments thereof), 

(viii) subject to clauses (vi) and (vii) above, any Incremental Term
Facility may otherwise have an amortization schedule as determined by the Borrower and the lenders providing such Incremental Term Facility, 

(ix) subject to clause (v) above, to the extent applicable, any fees payable in connection with any Incremental
Facility shall be determined by the Borrower and the arrangers and/or lenders providing such Incremental Facility, 

(x)
(A) any Incremental Term Facility or Incremental Revolving Facility may rank pari passu with or junior to any then-existing tranche of Term Loans or Revolving Loans, as applicable, in right of payment and/or security or may be unsecured (and to
the extent the relevant Incremental Facility is secured 

95 

but not by the Loan Documents, it shall be subject to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement) and (B) no Incremental Facility may be (x) guaranteed by any Subsidiary of the Borrower
which is not a Loan Party or (y) secured by any assets other than the Collateral, 

(xi) any Incremental Term Facility
may participate (A) in any voluntary prepayment of Term Loans as set forth in Section 2.11(a) on a pro rata basis, greater than pro rata basis or less than a pro rata basis with the then-existing Term Loans and (B) in any
mandatory prepayment of Term Loans as set forth in Section 2.11(b) on a pro rata basis (to the extent such Incremental Term Facility is secured on a pari passu basis with the Initial Term Loans), greater than pro rata basis with
respect to prepayments of any such Incremental Term Facility with the proceeds of any Replacement Term Loans or Replacement Notes or less than a pro rata basis with the then-existing Term Loans, in each case, to the extent provided in such Sections,

(xii) the conditions set forth in Sections 4.02(b) and (c) shall be satisfied upon initial funding of
any Incremental Facility; provided that notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 2.22 or in any other provision of any Loan Document, if (x) the proceeds of any Incremental Facility are incurred in connection
with an acquisition or other Investment or an irrevocable repayment, repurchase or redemption of Indebtedness, no Event of Default under Section 7.01(a), (f) or (g) shall have occurred and be continuing on such
date and (y) the proceeds of any Incremental Facility are intended to be applied to finance an acquisition or other Investment and the lenders providing such Incremental Facility so agree, the availability thereof shall be subject to customary
SunGard or certain funds conditionality (including, for the avoidance of doubt, with respect to Collateral) (including that Section 4.02(b)) shall be deemed to require (x) in the case of an acquisition or
other Investment, the customary specified acquisition agreement representations shall be true and correct solely to the extent required by the terms of the definition thereof and (ii) the Specified Representations shall be true and
correct in all material respects on and as of the date of the initial borrowing of such Incremental Facility; provided that (I) in the case of any Specified Representation which expressly relates to a given date or period, such
representation and warranty shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the respective date or for the respective period, as the case may be, (II) if any Specified Representation is qualified by or subject to a material
adverse effect, material adverse change or similar term or qualification, (1) in the case of an acquisition or other Investment, the definition thereof shall be the definition of Material Adverse Effect (or similar
term) in the definitive documentation relating to such acquisition or other Investment for purposes of the making or deemed making of such Specified Representation on, or as of, the date of the initial borrowing of such Incremental Facility and
(2) such Specified Representation shall be true and correct in all respects and (III) Section 3.14 shall not apply to Collateral that is not required to be created or perfected on or prior to the date of initial funding of such
Incremental Facility; 

(xiii) the proceeds of any Incremental Facility may be used for working capital and/or purchase
price adjustments and other general corporate purposes (including capital expenditures, acquisitions, Investments, Restricted Payments and Restricted Debt Payments and related fees and expenses) and any other use not prohibited by this Agreement,
and 

(xiv) on the date of the Borrowing of any Incremental Term Loans that will be of the same Class as any then-existing
Class of Term Loans, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in Section 2.08 or 2.13 above, such Incremental Term Loans shall be added to (and constitute a part of, be of the same Type as and, at the election of the
Borrower, have the same Interest Period as) each Borrowing of outstanding Term Loans of such Class on a pro rata basis (based on the relative sizes of such Borrowings), so that each Term Lender providing such Incremental Term Loans will participate
proportionately in each then-outstanding Borrowing of Term Loans of such Class; it being acknowledged that the application of this clause (a)(xiv) may result in new Incremental Term Loans having Interest Periods (the duration of which may be
less than one month) that begin during an Interest Period then applicable to outstanding Term SOFR Loans of the relevant Class and which end on the last day of such Interest Period. 

(b) Incremental Commitments may be provided by any existing Lender, or by any other Eligible Assignee (any such other lender being called an
Additional Lender); provided that the Administrative Agent (and, in the case of any Incremental Revolving Facility, any Issuing Bank and Swingline Lender) shall have a right to consent (such consent not to be unreasonably
withheld or delayed) to the relevant Additional Lenders provision of 

96 

Incremental Commitments if such consent would be required under Section 9.05(b) for an assignment of Loans to such Additional Lender; provided, further, that any
Additional Lender that is an Affiliated Lender shall be subject to the provisions of Section 9.05(g), mutatis mutandis, to the same extent as if the relevant Incremental Commitments and related Obligations had been acquired by such
Lender by way of assignment. 

(c) Each Lender or Additional Lender providing a portion of any Incremental Commitment shall execute and
deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower all such documentation (including the relevant Incremental Facility Amendment) as may be reasonably required by the Administrative Agent to evidence and effectuate such Incremental Commitment. On
the effective date of such Incremental Commitment, each Additional Lender shall become a Lender for all purposes in connection with this Agreement. 

(d) As conditions precedent to the effectiveness of any Incremental Facility or the making of any Incremental Loans, (i) upon its
reasonable request, the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to receive customary written opinions of counsel (provided, that, local counsel opinions shall not be required with respect to the any jurisdictions in which Restricted
Subsidiaries that are material Restricted Subsidiaries are not formed, organized or incorporated), as well as such reaffirmation agreements, supplements and/or amendments as it shall reasonably require, (ii) the Administrative Agent shall be
entitled to receive, from each Additional Lender, an administrative questionnaire, in the form provided to such Additional Lender by the Administrative Agent (the Administrative Questionnaire) and such other documents as it shall
reasonably require from such Additional Lender, (iii) the Administrative Agent and Lenders shall be entitled to receive all fees required to be paid in respect of such Incremental Facility or Incremental Loans, (iv) subject to
Section 2.22(a)(xii), the Administrative Agent shall have received a Borrowing Request as if the relevant Incremental Loans were subject to Section 2.03 or another written request the form of which is reasonably acceptable to
the Administrative Agent and (v) the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to receive a certificate of the Borrower signed by a Responsible Officer thereof; 

(A) certifying and attaching a copy of the resolutions adopted by the governing body of the Borrower approving or consenting to
such Incremental Facility or Incremental Loans, and 

(B) to the extent applicable, certifying that the condition set forth
in clause (a)(xii) above has been satisfied. 

(e) Upon the implementation of any Incremental Revolving Facility pursuant to this
Section 2.22: 

(i) if such Incremental Revolving Facility establishes Revolving Credit Commitments of the same
Class as any then-existing Class of Revolving Credit Commitments, (x) each Revolving Lender immediately prior to such increase will automatically and without further act be deemed to have assigned to each relevant Incremental Revolving Facility
Lender, and each relevant Incremental Revolving Facility Lender will automatically and without further act be deemed to have assumed a portion of such Revolving Lenders participations hereunder in outstanding Letters of Credit and Swingline
Loans such that, after giving effect to each deemed assignment and assumption of participations, all of the Revolving Lenders (including each Incremental Revolving Facility Lender) (A) participations hereunder in Letters of Credit and
(B) participations hereunder in Swingline Loans shall be held on a pro rata basis on the basis of their respective Revolving Credit Commitments (after giving effect to any increase in the Revolving Credit Commitment pursuant to this
Section 2.22) and (y) the existing Revolving Lenders of the applicable Class shall assign Revolving Loans to certain other Revolving Lenders of such Class (including the Revolving Lenders providing the relevant Incremental Revolving
Facility), and such other Revolving Lenders (including the Revolving Lenders providing the relevant Incremental Revolving Facility) shall purchase such Revolving Loans, in each case to the extent necessary so that all of the Revolving Lenders of
such Class participate in each outstanding Borrowing of Revolving Loans pro rata on the basis of their respective Revolving Credit Commitments of such Class (after giving effect to any increase in the Revolving Credit Commitments of such Class
pursuant to this Section 2.22); it being understood and agreed that the minimum borrowing, pro rata borrowing and pro rata payment requirements contained elsewhere in this Agreement shall not apply to the transactions effected pursuant
to this clause (i); and 

97 

(ii) if such Incremental Revolving Facility establishes Revolving Credit
Commitments of a new Class, then (A) the borrowing and repayment (except for (x) payments of interest and fees at different rates on the Revolving Facilities (and related outstandings), (y) repayments required on the Maturity Date of
any Revolving Facility and (z) repayments made in connection with a permanent repayment and termination of the Revolving Credit Commitments under any Revolving Facility (subject to clause (C) below)) of Revolving Loans with respect
to any Revolving Facility after the effective date of such Incremental Revolving Facility shall be made on a pro rata basis (to the extent secured on a pari passu basis with the then-existing Revolving Loans) or less than pro rata basis (but,
for the avoidance of doubt, not on a greater than pro rata basis) with all other then-existing Revolving Loans, (B) all Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans shall be participated on a pro rata basis by all Revolving Lenders and (C) any
permanent repayment of Revolving Loans with respect to, and reduction and termination of Revolving Credit Commitments under, any Revolving Facility after the effective date of such Incremental Revolving Facility shall be made on a pro rata basis (to
the extent secured on a pari passu basis with the then-existing Revolving Loans) or less than pro rata basis with all other Revolving Facilities, or, to the extent such Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments are terminated in full and
refinanced or replaced with a Replacement Revolving Facility or Replacement Notes, a greater than pro rata basis. 

(f) On the date of
effectiveness of any Incremental Revolving Facility, the maximum amount of LC Exposure and/or Swingline Loans, as applicable, permitted hereunder shall increase by an amount, if any, agreed upon by Administrative Agent, the relevant Issuing Bank
and/or Swingline Lender, as applicable, and the Borrower. 

(g) The Lenders hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent to enter
into any Incremental Facility Amendment and/or any amendment to any other Loan Document as may be necessary in order to establish new Classes or sub-Classes in respect of Loans or commitments pursuant to this Section 2.22 and such
technical amendments as may be necessary or appropriate in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in connection with the establishment of such new Classes or sub-Classes, in each case on terms consistent with this
Section 2.22. 

(h) This Section 2.22 shall supersede any provision in Section 2.18 or 9.02 to
the contrary. 

Section 2.23. Extensions of Loans and Revolving Credit Commitments. 

(a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, pursuant to one or more offers (each, an Extension Offer)
made from time to time by the Borrower to all Lenders holding Loans of any Class or Commitments of any Class, in each case on a pro rata basis (based on the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the respective Loans or Commitments of such Class)
and on the same terms to each such Lender, the Borrower is hereby permitted to consummate transactions with any individual Lender who accepts the terms contained in the relevant Extension Offer to extend the Maturity Date of all or a portion of such
Lenders Loans and/or Commitments of such Class and otherwise modify the terms of all or a portion of such Loans and/or Commitments pursuant to the terms of the relevant Extension Offer (including by increasing the interest rate or fees payable
in respect of such Loans and/or Commitments (and related outstandings) and/or modifying the amortization schedule, if any, in respect of such Loans) (each, an Extension, and each group of Loans or Commitments, as applicable, in
each case as so extended, and the original Loans and the original Commitments (in each case not so extended), being a Class; it being understood that any Extended Term Loans shall constitute a separate Class of Loans from the Class of
Loans from which they were converted and any Extended Revolving Credit Commitments shall constitute a separate Class of Revolving Credit Commitments from the Class of Revolving Credit Commitments from which they were converted), so long as the
following terms are satisfied: 

(i) except as to (A) interest rates, fees and final maturity (which shall, subject to
clause (iii) below and to the extent applicable, be determined by the Borrower and any Lender who agrees to an Extension of its Revolving Credit Commitments and set forth in the relevant Extension Offer), (B) terms applicable to
such Extended Revolving Credit Commitments or Extended Revolving Loans (each as defined below) that are more favorable to the lenders of such Extended Revolving Credit Commitments or Extended Revolving Loans or the Administrative Agent than those
contained in the Loan Documents applicable to the then-existing Revolving Credit Commitments or Revolving Loans and are then conformed (or added) to the Loan Documents for the benefit of the Revolving Lenders or, as applicable, the Administrative
Agent (i.e., by conforming or adding a term to the then-outstanding Revolving Facility pursuant to the applicable Extension Amendment), and (C) any covenants or other provisions applicable only to periods after the Latest

98 

Revolving Credit Maturity Date, the Revolving Credit Commitment of any Lender who agrees to an Extension with respect to such Commitment (an Extended Revolving Credit
Commitment; and the Loans thereunder, Extended Revolving Loans), and the related outstandings, shall constitute a revolving commitment (or related outstandings, as the case may be) with substantially consistent terms (or
terms not less favorable to existing Lenders) as the Class of Revolving Credit Commitments subject to the relevant Extension Offer (and related outstandings) provided hereunder; provided that to the extent more than one Revolving Facility
exists after giving effect to any such Extension, (x) the borrowing and repayment (except for (1) payments of interest and fees at different rates on the Revolving Facilities (and related outstandings), (2) repayments required upon
the Maturity Date of any Revolving Facility and (3) repayments made in connection with a permanent repayment and termination of Revolving Credit Commitments under any Revolving Facility (subject to clause (z) below)) of Revolving
Loans with respect to any Revolving Facility after the effective date of such Extended Revolving Credit Commitments shall be made on a pro rata basis with all other Revolving Facilities, (y) all Swingline Loans and Letters of Credit shall be
participated on a pro rata basis by all Revolving Lenders and (z) any permanent repayment of Revolving Loans with respect to, and reduction or termination of Revolving Credit Commitments under, any Revolving Facility after the effective date of
such Extended Revolving Credit Commitments shall be made on a pro rata basis or less than pro rata basis with all other Revolving Facilities, except that the Borrower shall be permitted to permanently repay Revolving Loans and terminate Revolving
Credit Commitments of any Revolving Facility on a greater than pro rata basis (I) as compared to any other Revolving Facilities with a later Maturity Date than such Revolving Facility and (II) to the extent refinanced or replaced with a
Replacement Revolving Facility or Replacement Notes; 

(ii) except as to (A) interest rates, fees, amortization, final
maturity date, premiums, required prepayment dates and participation in prepayments (which shall, subject to immediately succeeding clauses (iii), (iv) and (v), be determined by the Borrower and any Lender who agrees to an
Extension of its Term Loans and set forth in the relevant Extension Offer), (B) terms applicable to such Extended Term Loans (as defined below) that are more favorable to the lenders or the agent of such Extended Term Loans than those contained
in the Loan Documents and are then conformed (or added) to the Loan Documents for the benefit of the Term Lenders or, as applicable, the Administrative Agent (i.e., by conforming or adding a term to the then-outstanding Term Loans pursuant to
the applicable Extension Amendment) and (C) any covenants or other provisions applicable only to periods after the Latest Term Loan Maturity Date (in each case, as of the date of such Extension), the Term Loans of any Lender extended pursuant
to any Extension (any such extended Term Loans, the Extended Term Loans) shall have substantially consistent terms (or terms not less favorable to existing Lenders) as the tranche of Term Loans subject to the relevant Extension
Offer; 

(iii) (x) the final maturity date of any Extended Term Loans may be no earlier than the then applicable Latest
Term Loan Maturity Date at the time of Extension and (y) no Extended Revolving Credit Commitments or Extended Revolving Loans may have a final maturity date earlier than (or require commitment reductions prior to) the Latest Revolving Credit
Maturity Date; 

(iv) the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any Extended Term Loans shall be no shorter than the
remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any then-existing Term Loans; 

(v) subject to clauses (iii) and
(iv) above, any Extended Term Loans may otherwise have an amortization schedule as determined by the Borrower and the Lenders providing such Extended Term Loans; 

(vi) any Extended Term Loans may participate (A) in any voluntary prepayments of Term Loans as set forth in
Section 2.11(a)(i) and (B) in any mandatory prepayments of Term Loans as set forth in Section 2.11(b)(vi), in each case, to the extent provided in such Sections; 

(vii) if the aggregate principal amount of Loans or Commitments, as the case may be, in respect of which Lenders have accepted
the relevant Extension Offer exceed the maximum aggregate principal amount of Loans or Commitments, as the case may be, offered to be extended by the Borrower pursuant to such Extension Offer, then the Loans or Commitments, as the case may be, of
such Lenders shall be extended ratably up to such maximum amount based on the respective principal amounts (but not to exceed the applicable Lenders actual holdings of record) with respect to which such Lenders have accepted such Extension
Offer; 

99 

(viii) unless the Administrative Agent otherwise agrees, any Extension must
be in a minimum amount of $5,000,000; 

(ix) any applicable Minimum Extension Condition must be satisfied or waived by the
Borrower; 

(x) any documentation in respect of any Extension shall be consistent with the foregoing; and 

(xi) no Extension of any Revolving Facility shall be effective as to the obligations of the Swingline Lender to make any
Swingline Loans or any Issuing Bank with respect to Letters of Credit without the consent of the Swingline Lender or such Issuing Bank (such consents not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) (and, in the absence of such consent, all references
herein to Latest Revolving Credit Maturity Date shall be determined, when used in reference to such Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender, as applicable, without giving effect to such Extension). 

(b) (i) No Extension consummated in reliance on this Section 2.23 shall constitute a voluntary or mandatory prepayment for
purposes of Section 2.11, (ii) the scheduled amortization payments (insofar as such schedule affects payments due to Lenders participating in the relevant Class) set forth in Section 2.10 shall be adjusted to give effect
to any Extension of any Class of Loans and/or Commitments and (iii) except as set forth in clause (a)(viii) above, no Extension Offer is required to be in any minimum amount or any minimum increment; provided that the Borrower may
at its election specify as a condition (a Minimum Extension Condition) to the consummation of any Extension that a minimum amount (to be specified in the relevant Extension Offer in the Borrowers sole discretion) of Loans or
Commitments (as applicable) of any or all applicable tranches be tendered; it being understood that the Borrower may, in its sole discretion, waive any such Minimum Extension Condition. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereby consent to the
transactions contemplated by this Section 2.23 (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the payment of any interest, fees or premium in respect of any Extended Term Loans and/or Extended Revolving Credit Commitments on such terms as may
be set forth in the relevant Extension Offer) and hereby waive the requirements of any provision of this Agreement (including Sections 2.10, 2.11 and/or 2.18) or any other Loan Document that may otherwise prohibit any such
Extension or any other transaction contemplated by this Section. 

(c) Subject to any consents required under
Section 2.23(a)(xi), no consent of any Lender or the Administrative Agent shall be required to effectuate any Extension, other than the consent of each Lender agreeing to such Extension with respect to one or more of its Loans and/or
Commitments of any Class (or a portion thereof). All Extended Term Loans and Extended Revolving Credit Commitments and all obligations in respect thereof shall constitute Secured Obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents that are
secured by the Collateral and guaranteed on a pari passu basis with all other applicable Secured Obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. The Lenders hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent to enter into
any Extension Amendment and any amendments to any of the other Loan Documents with the Loan Parties as may be necessary in order to establish new Classes or sub-Classes in respect of Loans or Commitments so extended and such technical amendments as
may be necessary or appropriate in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in connection with the establishment of such new Classes or sub-Classes, in each case on terms consistent with this Section 2.23. 

(d) In connection with any Extension, the Borrower shall provide the Administrative Agent at least five Business Days (or such shorter
period as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent) prior written notice thereof, and shall agree to such procedures (including regarding timing, rounding and other adjustments and to ensure reasonable administrative management of the credit
facilities hereunder after such Extension), if any, as may be established by, or acceptable to, the Administrative Agent, in each case acting reasonably to accomplish the purposes of this Section 2.23. 

100 

ARTICLE 3 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

On the dates and to the extent required pursuant to Section 4.01 or 4.02 hereof, as applicable, Holdings (solely with
respect to Sections 3.01, 3.02, 3.03, 3.07, 3.08, 3.09, 3.13, 3.14, 3.16 and 3.17) and the Borrower hereby represents and warrants to the Lenders that: 

Section 3.01. Organization; Powers. Holdings, the Borrower and each of its Restricted Subsidiaries (a) is (i) duly
organized and validly existing and (ii) in good standing (to the extent such concept exists in the relevant jurisdiction) under the Requirements of Law of its jurisdiction of organization, (b) has all requisite organizational power and
authority to own its assets and to carry on its business as now conducted and (c) is qualified to do business in, and is in good standing (to the extent such concept exists in the relevant jurisdiction) in, every jurisdiction where the
ownership, lease or operation of its properties or conduct of its business requires such qualification, except, in each case referred to in this Section 3.01 (other than clause (a)(i) and clause (b) with respect to the
Loan Parties) where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 3.02. Authorization; Enforceability. The execution, delivery and performance of each Loan Document are within each
applicable Loan Partys corporate or other organizational power and have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action of such Loan Party. Each Loan Document to which any Loan Party is a party has been duly
executed and delivered by such Loan Party and is a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to the Legal Reservations. 

Section 3.03. Governmental Approvals; No Conflicts. The execution and delivery of each Loan Document by each Loan Party thereto
and the performance by such Loan Party thereof (a) do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority, except (i) such as have been obtained or made and are in full
force and effect, (ii) in connection with the Perfection Requirements and (iii) such consents, approvals, registrations, filings, or other actions the failure to obtain or make which could not be reasonably expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect, (b) will not violate any (i) of such Loan Partys Organizational Documents or (ii) Requirement of Law applicable to such Loan Party which violation, in the case of this clause (b)(ii), could reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (c) will not violate or result in a default under any other material Contractual Obligation to which such Loan Party is a party which violation, in the case of this clause (c), could
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 3.04. Financial Condition; No Material Adverse Effect.

(a) The financial statements (i) provided pursuant to Section 4.01(c) and (ii) after the Closing Date, most
recently provided pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b), as applicable, present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position and results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower on a consolidated basis as of such
dates and for such periods in accordance with GAAP, (x) except as otherwise expressly noted therein, (y) subject, in the case of quarterly financial statements, to the absence of footnotes and normal year-end adjustments and
(z) except as may be necessary to reflect any differing entities and organizational structure prior to giving effect to the Transactions. 

(b) Since the Closing Date, there have been no events, developments or circumstances that have had, or could reasonably be expected to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 3.05. Properties.

(a) The Borrower and each of its Restricted Subsidiaries have good and valid fee simple title to or rights to purchase, or valid leasehold
interests in, or easements or other limited property interests in, all of their respective Real Estate Assets and have good title to their personal property and assets, in each case, except (i) for defects in title that do not materially
interfere with their ability to conduct their business as currently conducted or to utilize such properties and assets for their intended purposes or (ii) where the failure to have such title would not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect. 

101 

(b) The Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries own or otherwise have a license or right to
use all Intellectual Property rights (IP Rights) used or held for use to conduct their respective businesses as presently conducted without, to the knowledge of the Borrower, any infringement, dilution, violation or
misappropriation of the IP Rights of third parties, except to the extent the failure to own or license or have rights to use would not, or where such infringement, dilution, violation or misappropriation would not reasonably be expected to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 3.06. Litigation and Environmental Matters. 

(a) There are no actions, suits or proceedings by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority pending against or, to the knowledge of
the Borrower, threatened in writing against or affecting the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries which would reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(b) Except for any matters that, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect,
(i) neither the Borrower nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries is subject to or has received notice of any Environmental Claim or Environmental Liability or knows of any basis for any Environmental Liability or Environmental Claim of the
Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries and (ii) neither the Borrower nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries has failed to comply with any Environmental Law or to obtain, maintain or comply with any Governmental Authorization, permit,
license or other approval required under any Environmental Law. 

(c) Neither the Borrower nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries has
treated, stored, transported or Released any Hazardous Materials on, at, under or from any currently or formerly owned, leased or operated real estate or facility in a manner that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 3.07. Compliance with Laws. Each of Holdings, the Borrower and each of its Restricted Subsidiaries is in compliance with
all Requirements of Law applicable to it or its property, except, in each case where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; it being understood and agreed that
this Section 3.07 shall not apply to the Requirements of Law covered by Section 3.17 below. 

Section 3.08.
Investment Company Status. No Loan Party is an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 

Section 3.09. Taxes. Each of Holdings, the Borrower and each of its Restricted Subsidiaries has timely filed or caused to be filed
all Tax returns and reports required to have been filed and has paid or caused to be paid all Taxes required to have been paid by it that are due and payable (including in its capacity as a withholding agent), except (a) Taxes (or any
requirement to file Tax returns with respect thereto) that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, as applicable, has set aside on its books adequate reserves in
accordance with GAAP or (b) to the extent that the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 3.10. ERISA. 

(a) Each Plan is in compliance in form and operation with its terms and with ERISA and the Code and all other applicable Requirements of Law,
except where any failure to comply would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(b) In the five-year period
prior to the date on which this representation is made or deemed made, no ERISA Event has occurred and is continuing or is reasonably expected to occur that, when taken together with all other such ERISA Events for which liability is reasonably
expected to occur, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

102 

Section 3.11. Disclosure. 

(a) As of the Closing Date, all written information (other than the Projections, financial estimates, other forward-looking information and/or
projected information and information of a general economic or industry-specific nature) concerning Holdings, the Borrower and its subsidiaries that was included in the Information Memorandum or otherwise prepared by or on behalf of Holdings, the
Borrower or its subsidiaries or their respective representatives and made available to any Initial Lender or the Administrative Agent in connection with the Transactions on or before the Closing Date (the Information), when taken
as a whole, did not, when furnished, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements contained therein not materially misleading in light of the circumstances under which
such statements are made (after giving effect to all supplements and updates thereto from time to time). 

(b) The Projections have been
prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed by the Borrower to be reasonable at the time furnished (it being recognized that such Projections are not to be viewed as facts and are subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies
many of which are beyond the Borrowers control, that no assurance can be given that any particular financial projections will be realized, that actual results may differ from projected results and that such differences may be material). 

Section 3.12. Solvency. As of the Closing Date and after giving effect to the Transactions and the incurrence of the Indebtedness
and obligations being incurred in connection with this Agreement and the Transactions, (i) the sum of the debt (including contingent liabilities) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, does not exceed the fair value of the
assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (ii) the present fair saleable value of the assets (on a going concern basis) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, is not less than the amount that will be
required to pay the probable liabilities of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, on their debts as they become absolute and matured in accordance with their terms; (iii) the capital of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as
a whole, is not unreasonably small in relation to the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, contemplated as of the Closing Date; and (iv) the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, do not intend to incur, or
believe that they will incur, debts (including current obligations and contingent liabilities) beyond their ability to pay such debt as they mature in accordance with their terms. 

Section 3.13. Subsidiaries. Schedule 3.13 sets forth, in each case as of the Closing Date, (a) a correct and
complete list of the name of each subsidiary of Holdings and the ownership interest therein held by Holdings or its applicable Subsidiary, and (b) the type of entity of Holdings and each of its Subsidiaries. 

Section 3.14. Security Interest in Collateral. Subject to any limitations and exceptions set forth in any Loan Documents, the
Legal Reservations, the Perfection Requirements and the provisions of this Agreement and the other relevant Loan Documents, the Collateral Documents create legal, valid and enforceable Liens on all of the Collateral in favor of the Administrative
Agent, for the benefit of itself and the other Secured Parties, and upon the satisfaction of the applicable Perfection Requirements, such Liens constitute perfected Liens (with the priority that such Liens are expressed to have under the relevant
Collateral Documents, unless otherwise permitted hereunder or under any Collateral Document) on the Collateral (to the extent such Liens are required to be perfected under the terms of the Loan Documents) securing the Secured Obligations, in each
case as and to the extent set forth therein. 

For the avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding anything herein or in any other Loan Document to
the contrary, neither the Borrower nor any other Loan Party makes any representation or warranty as to (A) the effects of perfection or non-perfection, the priority or the enforceability of any pledge of or security interest in any Capital
Stock of any Foreign Subsidiary (other than Capital Stock and assets of Foreign Subsidiaries that are Guarantors), or as to the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent or any Lender with respect thereto, under foreign Requirements of Law not
required to be obtained under the Loan Documents, (B) the enforcement of any security interest, or rights or remedies with respect to any Collateral that may be limited or restricted by, or require any consents, authorizations approvals or
licenses under, any Requirement of Law or (C) on the Closing Date and until required pursuant to Sections 5.12 or 5.15, the pledge or creation of any security interest, or the effects of perfection or non-perfection, the priority or
enforceability of any pledge or security interest to the extent not required on the Closing Date pursuant to the Section 5.12 or 5.15. 

103 

Section 3.15. Labor Disputes. Except as individually or in the aggregate would
not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (a) there are no strikes, lockouts or slowdowns against the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower or any of its Restricted
Subsidiaries, threatened and (b) the hours worked by and payments made to employees of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries have not been in violation of the Fair Labor Standards Act or any other applicable Requirements of Law dealing
with such matters. 

Section 3.16. Federal Reserve Regulations. No part of the proceeds of any Loan or any Letter of Credit
have been used, whether directly or indirectly, and whether immediately, incidentally or ultimately, for any purpose that results in a violation of the provisions of Regulation U. 

Section 3.17. OFAC; PATRIOT ACT and FCPA. 

(a) (i) None of Holdings, the Borrower nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of the Borrower, any director,
officer or employee of any of the foregoing is subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC); and (ii) the Borrower will not directly or, to its
knowledge, indirectly, use the proceeds of the Loans or Letters of Credit or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Person for the purpose of financing the activities of any Person or in any country subject to any U.S. sanctions administered
by OFAC, except to the extent licensed or otherwise approved by OFAC or in compliance with applicable exemptions licenses or other approvals. 

(b) To the extent applicable, each Loan Party is in compliance, in all material respects, with the USA PATRIOT Act. 

(c) Neither the Borrower nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of the Borrower, any director, officer, agent (solely to
the extent acting in their capacity as agents for Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries) or employee of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, has taken any action, directly or indirectly, that would result in a material violation by any such
Person of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended (the FCPA), including, without limitation, making any offer, payment, promise to pay or authorization or approval of the payment of any money, or other property,
gift, promise to give or authorization of the giving of anything of value, directly or indirectly, to any foreign official (as such term is defined in the FCPA) or any foreign political party or official thereof or any candidate for
foreign political office, in each case in contravention of the FCPA and any applicable anti-corruption Requirement of Law of any Governmental Authority. The Borrower will not directly or, to its knowledge, indirectly, use the proceeds of the Loans
or Letters of Credit or otherwise make available such proceeds to any governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for public office or anyone else acting in an official capacity, in order to obtain,
retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage in violation of the FCPA. 

The representations and warranties set forth in
Section 3.17 above made by or on behalf of any Foreign Subsidiary are subject to and limited by any Requirement of Law applicable to such Foreign Subsidiary; it being understood and agreed that to the extent that any Foreign Subsidiary
is unable to make any representation or warranty set forth in Section 3.17 as a result of the application of this sentence, such Foreign Subsidiary shall be deemed to have represented and warranted that it is in compliance, in all
material respects, with any equivalent Requirement of Law relating to anti-terrorism, anti-corruption, sanctions or anti-money laundering that is applicable to such Foreign Subsidiary in its relevant local jurisdiction of organization. 

ARTICLE 4 

CONDITIONS 

Section 4.01. Closing Date. The obligations of (i) each Lender to make Loans and (ii) any Issuing Bank to issue Letters
of Credit, in each case, on the Closing Date, shall not become
effective until the date on which each of the following conditions is satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 9.02): 

104 

(a) Credit Agreement and Loan Documents. The Administrative Agent (or
its counsel) shall have received from Holdings and each Loan Party, to the extent party thereto, (i) a counterpart signed by Holdings or such Loan Party (or written evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which may include
a copy transmitted by facsimile or other electronic method) that such party has signed a counterpart) of (A) this Agreement, (B) the Security Agreement, (C) any Intellectual Property Security Agreement, (D) the Loan Guaranty, and
(E) each Promissory Note requested by a Lender at least three Business Days prior to the Closing Date and (ii) a Borrowing Request as required by Section 2.03. 

(b) Legal Opinions. The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received, on behalf of itself, the Lenders and
each Issuing Bank on the Closing Date, a customary written opinion of Kirkland & Ellis LLP, in its capacity as special counsel for the Loan Parties, dated the Closing Date and addressed to the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the
Swingline Lender and each Issuing Bank on the Closing Date. 

(c) Financial Statements. The Administrative Agent
shall have received the (x) audited consolidated balance sheet and related consolidated statements of income, shareholders equity and cash flows of the Borrower and its subsidiaries for the Fiscal Year ended December 31, 2020 and
(y) the unaudited consolidated balance sheets and related consolidated statements of income and cash flows of the Borrower and its subsidiaries as of and for the Fiscal Quarter ended March 31, 2021; provided that the Administrative Agent
acknowledges that it has received the financial statements required by this clause (c). 

(d) Secretarys
Certificate and Good Standing Certificates. The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received (i) a certificate of Holdings and each applicable Loan Party, dated the Closing Date and executed by a secretary, assistant secretary
or other Responsible Officer thereof, which shall (A) certify that (x) attached thereto is a true and complete copy of the certificate or articles of incorporation, formation or organization of Holdings or such Loan Party, as applicable,
certified by the relevant authority of its jurisdiction of organization, which certificate or articles of incorporation, formation or organization of Holdings or such Loan Party, as applicable, have not been amended (except as attached thereto)
since the date reflected thereon, (y) attached thereto is a true and correct copy of the by-laws or operating, management, partnership or similar agreement of Holdings or such Loan Party, as applicable, together with all amendments thereto as
of the Closing Date and such by-laws or operating, management, partnership or similar agreement are in full force and effect and (z) attached thereto is a true and complete copy of the resolutions or written consent, as applicable, of its board
of directors, board of managers, sole member or other applicable governing body authorizing the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents, which resolutions or consent have not been modified, rescinded or amended (other than as attached thereto)
and are in full force and effect, and (B) identify by name and title and bear the signatures of the officers, managers, directors or authorized signatories of Holdings or such Loan Party, as applicable, authorized to sign the Loan Documents to
which Holdings or such Loan Party, as applicable, is a party and (ii) a good standing (or equivalent) certificate for Holdings or such Loan Party, as applicable, from the relevant authority of its jurisdiction of organization, dated as of a
recent date. 

(e) Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of Holdings and the other Loan
Parties set forth in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the Closing Date; provided that to the extent that any representation and warranty specifically refers to a given
date or period, it shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such date or for such period; provided, however, that, any representation and warranty that is qualified as to materiality, Material Adverse
Effect or similar language shall be true and correct (after giving effect to any qualification therein) in all respects on such respective dates. 

(f) Fees. Prior to or substantially concurrently with the funding of the Initial Term Loans hereunder on the Closing Date, the Administrative Agent shall have received
(i) all fees required to be paid by the Borrower on the Closing Date pursuant to the Fee Letter and (ii) all expenses required to be paid by the Borrower for which invoices have been presented at least three Business Days prior to the
Closing Date or such later date to which the Borrower may agree (including the reasonable fees and expenses of legal counsel required to be paid), in each case on or before the Closing Date, which amounts may be offset against the proceeds of the
Loans. 

105 

(g) [Reserved]. 

(h) Closing Date Refinancing. Substantially concurrently with the initial funding of the Loans hereunder, including by
use of the proceeds thereof, the Closing Date Refinancing shall be consummated (and the Administrative Agent shall have received customary payoff letters, customary redemption and satisfaction and discharge documentation, as applicable and/or other
reasonable forms of confirmation thereof, as applicable). 

(i) [Reserved]. 

(j) Solvency. The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received a certificate in substantially the form of
Exhibit P from the chief financial officer (or other officer with reasonably equivalent responsibilities) of the Borrower dated as of the Closing Date and certifying as to the matters set forth therein. 

(k) Perfection Certificate. The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received a completed Perfection
Certificate dated the Closing Date and signed by a Responsible Officer of Holdings and each Loan Party, together with all attachments contemplated thereby and, subject to Section 5.15, UCC, tax, judgment and intellectual property lien
searches. 

(l) Pledged Stock and Pledged Notes. Subject to Section 5.15, the Administrative Agent (or
its counsel) shall have received (i) the certificates representing the Capital Stock required to be pledged pursuant to the Security Agreement, together with an undated stock power or similar instrument of transfer for each such certificate
endorsed in blank by a duly authorized officer of the pledgor thereof, and (ii) each Material Debt Instrument (if any) endorsed (without recourse) in blank (or accompanied by a transfer form endorsed in blank) by the pledgor thereof. 

(m) Filings Registrations and Recordings. Subject to Section 5.15, each document (including any UCC (or
similar) financing statement) required by any Collateral Document or under applicable Requirements of Law to be filed, registered or recorded in order to create in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a
perfected Lien on the Collateral required to be delivered pursuant to such Collateral Document, shall be in proper form for filing, registration or recordation. 

(n) [Reserved]. 

(o) [Reserved]. 

(p) USA PATRIOT Act. No later than three Business Days in advance of the Closing Date, the Administrative Agent shall
have received all documentation and other information reasonably requested with respect to Holdings or any Loan Party in writing by any Initial Lender at least ten Business Days in advance of the Closing Date, which documentation or other
information is required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act. 

(q) Officers Certificate. The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate from a Responsible
Officer of the Borrower certifying satisfaction of the condition precedent set forth in Section 4.01(e). 

For purposes of
determining whether the conditions specified in this Section 4.01 have been satisfied on the Closing Date, by funding the Loans hereunder, the Administrative Agent and each Lender shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or
accepted, or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required hereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be. 

106 

Section 4.02. Each Credit Extension. After the Closing Date, the obligation of
each Revolving Lender to make any Credit Extension is subject solely to the satisfaction of the following conditions: 

(a)
(i) In the case of any Borrowing, the Administrative Agent shall have received a Borrowing Request as required by Section 2.03, (ii) in the case of the issuance of any Letter of Credit, the applicable Issuing Bank and the
Administrative Agent shall have received a notice requesting the issuance of such Letter of Credit as required by Section 2.05(a)(ii) or (iii) in the case of any Borrowing of Swingline Loans, the Swingline Lender and the
Administrative Agent shall have received a request as required by Section 2.04(a). 

(b) The representations and
warranties of Holdings and the other Loan Parties set forth in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date of any such Credit Extension with the same effect as though such
representations and warranties had been made on and as of the date of such Credit Extension; provided that to the extent that any representation and warranty specifically refers to a given date or period, it shall be true and correct in all
material respects as of such date or for such period; provided, however, that, any representation and warranty that is qualified as to materiality, Material Adverse Effect or similar language shall be true and
correct (after giving effect to any qualification therein) in all respects on such respective dates. 

(c) At the time of
and immediately after giving effect to the applicable Credit Extension, no Event of Default or Default has occurred and is continuing. 

Each Credit Extension after the Closing Date shall be deemed to constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrower on the date thereof
as to the matters specified in paragraphs (b) and (c) of this Section 4.02; provided, however, that subject to Section 2.22 the conditions set forth in this Section 4.02 shall
not apply to (A) any Incremental Loan made in connection with any acquisition, other Investment or irrevocable repayment, repurchase or redemption of Indebtedness and/or (B) any Credit Extension under any Refinancing Amendment and/or
Extension Amendment unless in each case the lenders in respect thereof have required satisfaction of the same in the applicable Incremental Facility Amendment, Refinancing Amendment or Extension Amendment, as applicable. 

ARTICLE 5 

AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS

From the Closing Date until the date on which all Commitments have expired or terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan
and all fees, expenses and other amounts and Obligations payable under any Loan Document (other than (i) contingent indemnification obligations for which no claim or demand has been made and (ii) Banking Services Obligations or Secured
Hedging Obligations under any Hedge Agreements as to which no amounts are due and payable or arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the applicable counterparty have been made) have been paid in full in Cash and all Letters of Credit have expired or
have been terminated (or have been (x) collateralized or back-stopped by a letter of credit or otherwise in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the relevant Issuing Bank or (y) deemed reissued under another agreement reasonably acceptable
to the applicable Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent) and all LC Disbursements have been reimbursed (such date, the Termination Date), Holdings (solely with respect to Sections 5.02, 5.03 and 5.12) and
the Borrower hereby covenant and agree with the Lenders that: 

Section 5.01. Financial Statements and Other Reports. The
Borrower will deliver to the Administrative Agent for delivery by the Administrative Agent, subject to Section 9.05(f), to each Lender: 

(a) Quarterly Financial Statements. As soon as available, and in any event within 60 days after the end of each of the
first three Fiscal Quarters of each Fiscal Year, commencing with the Fiscal Quarter ending September 30, 2021, the consolidated balance sheet of Borrower and its subsidiaries as at the end of such Fiscal Quarter and the related consolidated
statements of income and cash flows of Borrower and its subsidiaries for such Fiscal Quarter and for the period from the beginning of the then current Fiscal Year to the end of such Fiscal Quarter, and setting forth, in reasonable detail, in
comparative form the corresponding figures for the corresponding periods of the previous Fiscal Year (such comparisons only to be required with respect to periods ended after the Closing Date), all in reasonable detail, together with a Responsible
Officer Certification (which may be included in the applicable Compliance Certificate) with respect thereto; provided, however, that the portion of any such financial statements relating to the Borrower and its subsidiaries shall only
be required to reflect the Borrowers good faith estimate of any purchase accounting adjustments relating to any acquisition consummated after the Closing Date until the Fiscal Quarter ending March 31 of the Fiscal Year following the
Fiscal Year in which the relevant acquisition was consummated; 

107 

(b) Annual Financial Statements. As soon as available, and in any
event within 120 days after the end of each Fiscal Year ending after the Closing Date, (i) the consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its subsidiaries as at the end of such Fiscal Year and the related consolidated statements of income,
shareholders equity and cash flows of the Borrower for such Fiscal Year and, commencing after the completion of the second full Fiscal Year ended after the Closing Date, setting forth, in reasonable detail, in comparative form the
corresponding figures for the previous Fiscal Year and (ii) with respect to such consolidated financial statements, a report thereon of an independent certified public accountant of recognized national standing (which report shall not be
subject to a qualification as to the scope of such audit or going concern qualification (except as resulting from (A) the impending maturity of any Indebtedness within the four Fiscal Quarter period following the relevant audit
date, (B) any actual or anticipated breach of Section 6.14 or any other financial covenant hereunder or under any other Indebtedness or (C) the activities, operations, financial results, assets or liabilities of any
Unrestricted Subsidiary) but may include a going concern explanatory paragraph or like statement), and shall state that such consolidated financial statements fairly present, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position
of the Borrower as at the dates indicated and its income and cash flows for the periods indicated in conformity with GAAP; 

(c) Compliance Certificate. Together with each delivery of financial statements of the Borrower and its subsidiaries
pursuant to Sections 5.01(a) and (b), (i) a duly executed and completed Compliance Certificate and (ii) (A) a summary of the pro forma adjustments necessary to eliminate the accounts of Unrestricted Subsidiaries (if
any) from such financial statements and (B) a list identifying each subsidiary of the Borrower as a Restricted Subsidiary or an Unrestricted Subsidiary as of the date of delivery of such Compliance Certificate or confirmation that there is no
change in such information since the later of the Closing Date and the date of the last such list; 

(d) [Reserved];

(e) Notice of Default. Promptly upon any Responsible Officer of the Borrower obtaining knowledge of (i) any
Default or Event of Default or (ii) the occurrence of any event or change that has caused or evidences or would reasonably be expected to cause or evidence, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, a
reasonably-detailed notice specifying the nature and period of existence of such condition, event or change and what action the Borrower has taken, is taking and proposes to take with respect thereto; 

(f) Notice of Litigation. Promptly upon any Responsible Officer of the Borrower obtaining knowledge of (i) the
institution of, or threat of, any Adverse Proceeding not previously disclosed in writing by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent, or (ii) any material development in any Adverse Proceeding that, in the case of either of
clauses (i) or (ii), would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, written notice thereof from the Borrower together with such other non-privileged information as may be reasonably available to the Loan Parties
to enable the Lenders to evaluate such matters; 

(g) ERISA. Promptly upon any Responsible Officer of the Borrower
becoming aware of the occurrence of any ERISA Event that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, a written notice specifying the nature thereof; 

(h) [Reserved]; 

(i) Information Regarding Collateral. Prompt (and, in any event, within 90 days of the relevant change) written notice
of any change (i) in any Loan Partys legal name, (ii) in any Loan Partys type of organization or (iii) in any Loan Partys jurisdiction of organization, in each case to the extent such information is necessary to
enable the Administrative Agent to perfect or maintain the perfection and priority of its security interest in the Collateral of the relevant Loan Party, together with a certified copy of the applicable Organizational Document reflecting the
relevant change; 

108 

(j) Annual Collateral Verification. Together with the delivery of
each Compliance Certificate provided with the financial statements required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(b), a Perfection Certificate Supplement (or confirmation that there have been no changes in such information since the
Closing Date or the most recent Perfection Certificate Supplement provided); 

(k) Certain Reports. Promptly upon
their becoming available and without duplication of any obligations with respect to any such information that is otherwise required to be delivered under the provisions of any Loan Document, copies of (i) all financial statements, reports,
notices and proxy statements sent or made available generally by Holdings or its applicable Parent Company to its security holders acting in such capacity and (ii) all regular and periodic reports and all registration statements (other than on
Form S-8 or a similar form) and prospectuses, if any, filed by Holdings or its applicable Parent Company with any securities exchange or with the SEC or any analogous Governmental Authority or private regulatory authority with jurisdiction over
matters relating to securities; and 

(l) Other Information. Such other certificates, reports and information
(financial or otherwise) as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request from time to time regarding the financial condition or business of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries; provided, however, that none of Holdings, the
Borrower nor any Restricted Subsidiary shall be required to disclose or provide any information (a) that constitutes non-financial trade secrets or non-financial proprietary information of Holdings, the Borrower or any of its subsidiaries or
any of their respective customers and/or suppliers, (b) in respect of which disclosure to the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or any of their respective representatives) is prohibited by applicable Requirements of Law, (c) that is
subject to attorney-client or similar privilege or constitutes attorney work product or (d) in respect of which Holdings, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary owes confidentiality obligations to any third party (provided such
confidentiality obligations were not entered into in contemplation of the requirements of this Section 5.01(l)). 

Documents
required to be delivered pursuant to this Section 5.01 may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which the Borrower (or a representative thereof) (x) posts
such documents or (y) provides a link thereto at the website address listed on Schedule 9.01; provided that, other than with respect to items required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(k) above, the
Borrower shall promptly notify (which notice may be by facsimile or electronic mail) the Administrative Agent of the posting of any such documents at the website address listed on Schedule 9.01 and provide to the Administrative Agent by
electronic mail electronic versions (i.e., soft copies) of such documents; (ii) on which such documents are delivered by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent for posting on behalf of the Borrower on IntraLinks/SyndTrak or another
relevant website (the Platform), if any, to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent); (iii) on which such
documents are faxed to the Administrative Agent (or electronically mailed to an address provided by the Administrative Agent); or (iv) in respect of the items required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(k) above in respect of
information filed by Holdings or its applicable Parent Company with any securities exchange or with the SEC or any analogous governmental or private regulatory authority with jurisdiction over matters relating to securities (other than Form 10-Q
Reports and Form 10-K reports described in Sections 5.01(a) and (b), respectively), on which such items have been made available on the SEC website or the website of the relevant analogous governmental or private regulatory
authority or securities exchange. Each Lender shall be solely responsible for timely accessing posted documents or requesting delivery of paper copies of such documents from the Administrative Agent and maintaining its copies of such documents. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the obligations in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section 5.01 may be
satisfied with respect to any financial statements of the Borrower by furnishing (A) the applicable financial statements of Holdings (or any other Parent Company) or (B) the Borrowers, Holdings (or any other Parent
Companys), as applicable, Form 10-K or 10-Q, as applicable, filed with the SEC or any securities exchange, in each case, within the time periods specified in such paragraphs; provided that, with respect to each of clauses
(A) and (B), (i) to the extent such financial statements relate to any Parent Company and there are material differences resulting from material operations or material Indebtedness of such Parent Company, such financial
statements shall be accompanied by consolidating information that summarizes in reasonable detail the differences between the information relating to such Parent Company, on the one hand, and the information relating to the Borrower and its
consolidated subsidiaries on a standalone basis, on the other hand, and (ii) to the extent such statements are in lieu of statements required to be provided under Section 5.01(b), such statements shall be accompanied by a report and
opinion of an independent registered public accounting firm of nationally recognized standing, which report and opinion shall satisfy the applicable requirements set forth in Section 5.01(b). 

109 

Any financial statement required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or
(b) shall not be required to include acquisition accounting adjustments relating to the Transactions or any Permitted Acquisition to the extent it is not practicable to include any such adjustments in such financial statement. 

Section 5.02. Existence. Except as otherwise permitted under Section 6.07, Holdings and the Borrower will, and the
Borrower will cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, at all times preserve and keep in full force and effect its existence and all rights, franchises, licenses and permits material to its business except, other than with respect to the
preservation of the existence of the Borrower, to the extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; provided that neither Holdings nor the Borrower nor any of the Borrowers
Restricted Subsidiaries shall be required to preserve any such existence (other than with respect to the preservation of existence of the Borrower), right, franchise, license or permit if a Responsible Officer of such Person or such Persons
board of directors (or similar governing body) determines that the preservation thereof is no longer desirable in the conduct of the business of such Person, and that the loss thereof is not disadvantageous in any material respect to such Person or
to the Lenders. 

Section 5.03. Payment of Taxes. Holdings and the Borrower will, and the Borrower will cause each of its
Restricted Subsidiaries to, timely pay all Taxes imposed upon it or any of its properties or assets or in respect of any of its income or businesses or franchises; provided, however, that no such Tax need be paid if (a) it is
being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, so long as (i) adequate reserves or other appropriate provisions, as are required in conformity with GAAP, have been made therefor and (ii) in the case of a Tax which has resulted
or may result in the creation of a Lien on any of the Collateral, such contest proceedings conclusively operate to stay the sale of any portion of the Collateral to satisfy such Tax or (b) failure to pay or discharge the same could not
reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 5.04. Maintenance of
Properties. The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, maintain or cause to be maintained in good repair, working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear and casualty and condemnation excepted, all property
reasonably necessary to the normal conduct of business of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries and from time to time will make or cause to be made all needed and appropriate repairs, renewals and replacements thereof except as expressly
permitted by this Agreement or where the failure to maintain such properties or make such repairs, renewals or replacements could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 5.05. Insurance. Except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, the
Borrower will maintain or cause to be maintained, with financially sound and reputable insurers that the Borrower believes (in the good faith and judgment of its management) are financially sound and reputable at the time the relevant coverage is
placed or renewed, or with a Captive Insurance Subsidiary, such insurance coverage with respect to liabilities, losses or damage in respect of the assets, properties and businesses of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries as may customarily
be carried or maintained under similar circumstances by Persons of established reputation engaged in similar businesses, in each case in such amounts (giving effect to self-insurance), with such deductibles, covering such risks and otherwise on such
terms and conditions as shall be customary for such Persons. Each such policy of insurance shall, subject to Section 5.15 hereof, (i) name the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties as an additional insured thereunder
as its interests may appear and (ii) to the extent available from the relevant insurance carrier, in the case of each casualty insurance policy (excluding any business interruption insurance policy), contain a loss payable clause or endorsement
that names the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties as the loss payee thereunder and, to the extent available from the relevant insurance carrier after submission of a request by the applicable Loan Party to obtain the same,
provide for at least 30 days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent of any modification or cancellation of such policy (or 10 days prior written notice in the case of the failure to pay any premiums thereunder). 

Section 5.06. Inspections. The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, permit any authorized
representative designated by the Administrative Agent to visit and inspect any of the properties of the Borrower and any of its Restricted Subsidiaries at which the principal financial records and executive officers 

110 

of the applicable Person are located, to inspect, copy and take extracts from its and their respective financial and accounting records, and to discuss its and their respective affairs, finances
and accounts with its and their Responsible Officers and independent public accountants at the expense of the Borrower (provided that the Borrower (or any of its subsidiaries) may, if it so chooses, be present at or participate in any such
discussion), all upon reasonable notice and at reasonable times during normal business hours; provided that (a) only the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders may exercise the rights of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders
under this Section 5.06 and (b) except as expressly set forth in the proviso below during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent shall not exercise such rights more often than one time during any calendar
year; provided, further, that when an Event of Default exists and is continuing, the Administrative Agent (or any of its representatives or independent contractors) may do any of the foregoing at the expense of the Borrower at any time
during normal business hours and upon reasonable advance notice; provided, further, that notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, neither the Borrower nor any Restricted Subsidiary shall be required to disclose, permit the
inspection, examination or making of copies of or taking abstracts from, or discuss any document, information, or other matter (A) that constitutes non-financial trade secrets or non-financial proprietary information of the Borrower and its
subsidiaries and/or any of its customers and/or suppliers, (B) in respect of which disclosure to the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or any of their respective representatives or contractors) is prohibited by applicable Requirements of Law,
(C) that is subject to attorney-client or similar privilege or constitutes attorney work product or (D) in respect of which Holdings, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary owes confidentiality obligations to any third party
(provided such confidentiality obligations were not entered into in contemplation of the requirements of this Section 5.06). 

Section 5.07. Maintenance of Book and Records. The Borrower will, and will cause its Restricted Subsidiaries to, maintain proper
books of record and account containing entries of all material financial transactions and matters involving the assets and business of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries that are full, true and correct in all material respects and permit
the preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP. 

Section 5.08. Compliance with Laws. The
Borrower will comply, and will cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to comply, with the requirements of all applicable Requirements of Law (including applicable ERISA and all Environmental Laws, OFAC, the USA PATRIOT Act and the FCPA), except
to the extent the failure of the Borrower or the relevant Restricted Subsidiary to comply could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; provided that the requirements set forth in this Section 5.08, as they
pertain to compliance by any Foreign Subsidiary with OFAC, the USA PATRIOT ACT and the FCPA are subject to and limited by any Requirement of Law applicable to such Foreign Subsidiary in its relevant local jurisdiction. 

Section 5.09. Environmental. 

(a) Environmental Disclosure. The Borrower will deliver to the Administrative Agent as soon as practicable following the sending or
receipt thereof by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, written notice of (A) any Environmental Claim that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (B) any Release
required to be reported by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to any federal, state or local governmental or regulatory agency or other Governmental Authority that reasonably could be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect,
(C) any request made to the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries for information from any governmental agency that suggests such agency is investigating whether the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries may be potentially
responsible for any Hazardous Materials Activity which is reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (D) subject to the limitations set forth above in the proviso in Section 5.01(l), such other documents and
information as from time to time may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent in relation to any matters disclosed pursuant to this Section 5.09(a). 

(b) Hazardous Materials Activities, Etc. The Borrower shall promptly take, and shall cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries promptly
to take, any and all actions necessary to (i) cure any violation of applicable Environmental Laws by the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries, and address with appropriate corrective or remedial action any Release or threatened Release of
Hazardous Materials at or from any Facility, in each case, that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (ii) make an appropriate response to any Environmental Claim against the Borrower or any of its Restricted
Subsidiaries and discharge any obligations it may have to any Person thereunder, in each case, where failure to do so could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 

111 

Section 5.10. Designation of Subsidiaries. The Borrower may at any time after
the Closing Date designate (or redesignate) any subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary or any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary; provided that (i) other than for purposes of designating a Restricted Subsidiary as an
Unrestricted Subsidiary that is a Securitization Subsidiary in connection with the establishment of a Qualified Securitization Financing, immediately before and after such designation, no Event of Default exists (including after giving effect to the
reclassification of Investments in, Indebtedness of and Liens on the assets of, the applicable Restricted Subsidiary or Unrestricted Subsidiary)and (ii) as of the date of the designation thereof, no Unrestricted Subsidiary shall own any Capital
Stock in any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower (unless such Restricted Subsidiary is also designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary) or hold any Indebtedness of or any Lien on any property of the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries (unless
the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary is permitted to incur such Indebtedness or Liens in favor of such Unrestricted Subsidiary pursuant to Sections 6.01 and 6.02). The designation of any Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary
shall constitute an Investment by the Borrower (or its applicable Restricted Subsidiary) therein at the date of designation in an amount equal to the portion of the fair market value of the net assets of such Subsidiary attributable to the
Borrowers (or its applicable Restricted Subsidiarys) equity interest therein as reasonably estimated by the Borrower (and such designation shall only be permitted to the extent such Investment is permitted under
Section 6.06). The designation of any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary shall constitute the making, incurrence or granting, as applicable, at the time of designation of any then-existing Investment, Indebtedness or Lien
of such Subsidiary, as applicable. 

Section 5.11. Use of Proceeds. The Borrower shall use the proceeds of the Revolving Loans
to finance a portion of the Transactions (including the payment of Transaction Costs) and other general corporate purposes of the Borrower and its subsidiaries (including for capital expenditures, acquisitions, Investments, working capital and/or
purchase price adjustments (including in connection with the Acquisition), Restricted Payments, Restricted Debt Payments and related fees and expenses) and any other purpose not prohibited by the terms of the Loan Documents. The Borrower shall use
the proceeds of the Swingline Loans made after the Closing Date to finance working capital needs and other general corporate purposes of the Borrower and any other purpose not prohibited by the terms of the Loan Documents. The Borrower shall use the
proceeds of the Initial Term Loans made on the Closing Date solely
to finance a portion of the Transactions (including the payment of Transaction Costs). The Borrower shall use
the proceeds of the Amendment No. 3 Incremental Term Loans on the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date to consummate the Amendment No. 3 Transactions, pay the Amendment No. 3 Transaction Costs and to fund any OID or upfront fees
(including pursuant to the Market Flex Provisions in the Amendment No. 3 Fee Letter). Letters of Credit may be issued (i) on the Closing Date to backstop or replace letters
of credit, guarantees and performance or similar bonds outstanding on the Closing Date (including deemed issuances of Letters of Credit under this Agreement resulting from existing issuers of letters of credit outstanding on the Closing Date
agreeing to become an Issuing Bank under this Agreement) and (ii) after the Closing Date, for general corporate purposes of the Borrower and its subsidiaries and any other purpose not prohibited by the terms of the Loan Documents. 

Section 5.12. Covenant to Guarantee Obligations and Give Security. 

(a) Upon (i) the formation or acquisition after the Closing Date of any Restricted Subsidiary that is a Domestic Subsidiary,
(ii) the designation of any Unrestricted Subsidiary that is a Domestic Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary, (iii) any Restricted Subsidiary that is a Domestic Subsidiary ceasing to be an Immaterial Subsidiary or (iv) any Restricted
Subsidiary that was an Excluded Subsidiary ceasing to be an Excluded Subsidiary (including pursuant to the last sentence of the definition of Subsidiary Guarantor), (x) if the event giving rise to the obligation under this
Section 5.12(a) occurs during the first three Fiscal Quarters of any Fiscal Year, on or before the date on which financial statements are required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) for the Fiscal Quarter in which
the relevant formation, acquisition, designation or cessation occurred or (y) if the event giving rise to the obligation under this Section 5.12(a) occurs during the fourth Fiscal Quarter of any Fiscal Year, on or before the date
that is 60 days after the end of such Fiscal Quarter (or, in the cases of clauses (x) and (y), such longer period as the Administrative Agent may reasonably agree), the Borrower shall (A) cause such Restricted Subsidiary
(other than any Excluded Subsidiary) to comply with the requirements set forth the definition of Collateral and Guarantee Requirement and (B) upon the reasonable request of the Administrative Agent with respect to a subsidiary that
is a material Subsidiary, cause the relevant Restricted Subsidiary (other than any Excluded Subsidiary) to deliver to the Administrative Agent a signed copy of a customary opinion of counsel for such Restricted Subsidiary, addressed to the
Administrative Agent and the other relevant Secured Parties. 

112 

(b) [Reserved]. 

(c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, it is understood and agreed that: 

(i) the Administrative Agent may grant extensions of time (at any time, including after the expiration of any relevant period,
which will be retroactive) for the creation and perfection of security interests in, or obtaining of insurance, legal opinions or other deliverables with respect to, particular assets or the provision of any Loan Guaranty by any Restricted
Subsidiary (in connection with assets acquired, or Restricted Subsidiaries formed or acquired, after the Closing Date), and each Lender hereby consents to any such extension of time, 

(ii) any Lien required to be granted from time to time pursuant to the definition of Collateral and Guarantee
Requirement shall be subject to the exceptions and limitations set forth in the Collateral Documents, 

(iii)
perfection by control shall not be required with respect to assets requiring perfection through control agreements or other control arrangements (other than control of pledged Capital Stock and/or Material Debt Instruments, in each case to the
extent otherwise constituting Collateral), 

(iv) no Loan Party shall be required to seek any landlord lien waiver, bailee
letter, estoppel, warehouseman waiver or other collateral access or similar letter or agreement; 

(v) no Loan Party will be
required to (A) take any action outside of the U.S. in order to create or perfect any security interest in any asset located outside of the U.S., (B) execute any foreign law security agreement, pledge agreement, mortgage, deed or charge or
(C) make any foreign intellectual property filing, conduct any foreign intellectual property search or prepare any foreign intellectual property schedule; 

(vi) in no event will the Collateral include any Excluded Asset, 

(vii) no action shall be required to perfect any Lien with respect to (1) any vehicle or other asset subject to a
certificate of title, (2) Letter-of-Credit Rights, (3) the Capital Stock of any Immaterial Subsidiary and/or (4) the Capital Stock of any Person that is not a Subsidiary, which Person, if a Subsidiary, would constitute an Immaterial
Subsidiary, in each case except to the extent that a security interest therein can be perfected by filing a Form UCC-1 (or similar) financing statement under the UCC, and 

(viii) any joinder or supplement to any Loan Guaranty, any Collateral Document and/or any other Loan Document executed by any
Restricted Subsidiary that is required to become a Loan Party pursuant to Section 5.12(a) above may, with the consent of the Administrative Agent (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), include such schedules (or updates to
schedules) as may be necessary to ensure that any representation or warranty is true and correct to the extent required thereby or by the terms of any other Loan Document; 

provided that clauses (iii) through (vi) shall not apply to the Capital Stock or assets of a Foreign Subsidiary that
becomes a Guarantor pursuant to the last sentence of the definition of Subsidiary Guarantor. 

Section 5.13.
Maintenance of Ratings. The Borrower shall use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain public corporate credit facility and public corporate family ratings from each of S&P and Moodys; provided that in no event shall the
Borrower be required to maintain any specific rating with any such agency. 

Section 5.14. Further Assurances. Promptly upon
request of the Administrative Agent and subject to the limitations described in Section 5.12: 

(a) Holdings and the Borrower
will, and will cause each other Loan Party to, execute any and all further documents, financing statements, agreements, instruments, certificates, notices and 

113 

acknowledgments and take all such further actions (including the filing and recordation of financing statements and/or amendments thereto and other documents), that may be required under any
applicable Requirements of Law and which the Administrative Agent may reasonably request to ensure the creation, perfection and priority of the Liens created or intended to be created under the Collateral Documents, all at the expense of the
relevant Loan Parties. 

(b) Holdings and the Borrower will, and will cause each other Loan Party to (i) correct any
material defect or error that may be discovered in the execution, acknowledgment, filing or recordation of any Collateral Document or other document or instrument relating to any Collateral and (ii) do, execute, acknowledge, deliver, record,
re-record, file, re-file, register and re-register any and all such further acts (including notices to third parties), deeds, certificates, assurances and other instruments as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request from time to time in
order to ensure the creation, perfection and priority of the Liens created or intended to be created under the Collateral Documents. 

Section 5.15. Post-Closing Covenant. The Loan Parties shall comply with their obligations described in Schedule 5.15, in
each case, within the applicable periods of time specified in such Schedule with respect to the relevant item (or such longer periods as the Administrative Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion) 

ARTICLE 6 

NEGATIVE COVENANTS 

From the Closing Date and until the Termination Date, Holdings (solely with respect to Section 6.13) and the Borrower covenant and
agree with the Lenders that: 

Section 6.01. Indebtedness. The Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Restricted
Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, create, incur, assume or otherwise become or remain liable with respect to any Indebtedness, except: 

(a) the Secured Obligations (including any Additional Term Loans and any Additional Revolving Loans); 

(b) Indebtedness of the Borrower to Holdings and/or any Restricted Subsidiary and/or of any Restricted Subsidiary to Holdings,
the Borrower and/or any other Restricted Subsidiary; provided that any Indebtedness of any Loan Party to any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party must be unsecured and expressly subordinated to the Obligations of such Loan Party on
terms that are reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent; 

(c) [reserved]; 

(d) Indebtedness arising from any agreement providing for indemnification, adjustment of purchase price or similar obligations
(including contingent earn-out obligations) incurred in connection with any Disposition permitted hereunder, any acquisition permitted hereunder or consummated prior to the Closing Date or any other purchase of assets or Capital Stock, and
Indebtedness arising from guaranties, letters of credit, bank guaranties, surety bonds, performance bonds or similar instruments securing the performance of the Borrower or any such Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to any such agreement; 

(e) Indebtedness of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary (i) pursuant to tenders, statutory obligations, bids,
leases, governmental contracts, trade contracts, surety, stay, customs, appeal, performance and/or return of money bonds or other similar obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business and (ii) in respect of letters of credit, bank
guaranties, surety bonds, performance bonds or similar instruments to support any of the foregoing items; 

(f) Indebtedness
of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary in respect of commercial credit cards, stored value cards, purchasing cards, treasury management services, netting services, overdraft 

114 

protections, check drawing services, automated payment services (including depository, overdraft, controlled disbursement, ACH transactions, return items and interstate depository network
services), employee credit card programs, cash pooling services and any arrangements or services similar to any of the foregoing and/or otherwise in connection with Cash management and Deposit Accounts, including Banking Services Obligations and
incentive, supplier finance or similar programs; 

(g) (i) guaranties by the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary
of the obligations of suppliers, customers and licensees in the ordinary course of business, (ii) Indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course of business in respect of obligations of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary to pay the
deferred purchase price of goods or services or progress payments in connection with such goods and services and (iii) Indebtedness in respect of letters of credit, bankers acceptances, bank guaranties or similar instruments supporting
trade payables, warehouse receipts or similar facilities entered into in the ordinary course of business; 

(h) Guarantees
by the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary of Indebtedness or other obligations of the Borrower, any Restricted Subsidiary and/or any joint venture with respect to Indebtedness otherwise permitted to be incurred pursuant to this
Section 6.01 or other obligations not prohibited by this Agreement; provided that in the case of any Guarantee by any Loan Party of the obligations of any non-Loan Party, the related Investment is permitted under
Section 6.06; 

(i) Indebtedness of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary existing, or pursuant to
commitments existing, on the Closing Date and, in respect of any Indebtedness with an outstanding principal amount in excess of $10,000,000, described on Schedule 6.01; 

(j) Indebtedness of Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties; provided that the aggregate outstanding principal
amount of such Indebtedness shall not exceed the greater of $82,250,000 and 35% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period; 

(k) Indebtedness of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary consisting of obligations owing under incentive, supply,
license or similar agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business; 

(l) Indebtedness of the Borrower and/or any
Restricted Subsidiary consisting of (i) the financing of insurance premiums, (ii) take-or-pay obligations contained in supply arrangements, in each case, in the ordinary course of business and/or (iii) obligations to reacquire assets
or inventory in connection with customer financing arrangements in the ordinary course of business; 

(m) Indebtedness of
the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary with respect to Capital Leases and purchase money Indebtedness in an aggregate outstanding principal amount not to exceed the greater of $82,250,000 and 35% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA as of the last
day of the most recently ended Test Period; 

(n) Indebtedness of any Person that becomes a Restricted Subsidiary or
Indebtedness assumed in connection with an acquisition permitted hereunder after the Closing Date; provided that (i) such Indebtedness (A) existed at the time such Person became a Restricted Subsidiary or the assets subject to such
Indebtedness were acquired and (B) was not created or incurred in anticipation thereof, (ii) no Event of Default under Section 7.01(a), (f) or (g) exists and (iii) at the Borrowers election,
either (A) at least $1.00 of additional Indebtedness can be incurred at such time under Section 6.01(w)(i)(A), (B) or (C), as applicable, or (B) such Indebtedness is in an aggregate principal amount
outstanding not to exceed the greater of $58,750,000 and 25% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA; 

(o) Indebtedness consisting
of promissory notes issued by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to any stockholder of any Parent Company or any current or former director, officer, employee, member of management, manager or consultant of any Parent Company, the Borrower or
any Subsidiary (or their respective Immediate Family Members) to finance the purchase or redemption of Capital Stock of any Parent Company permitted by Section 6.04(a); 

115 

(p) Indebtedness refinancing, refunding or replacing any Indebtedness
permitted under clauses (a), (i), (j), (m), (n), (q), (r), (u), (w), (x), (y), and (z) of this Section 6.01 (in any case, including any refinancing
Indebtedness incurred in respect thereof, Refinancing Indebtedness) and any subsequent Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof; provided that: 

(i) the principal amount of such Indebtedness does not exceed the principal amount of the Indebtedness being refinanced,
refunded or replaced, except by (A) an amount equal to unpaid accrued interest, penalties and premiums (including tender premiums) thereon plus underwriting discounts, other reasonable and customary fees, commissions and expenses (including
upfront fees, original issue discount or initial yield payments) incurred in connection with the relevant refinancing, refunding or replacement and the related refinancing transaction, (B) an amount equal to any existing commitments unutilized
thereunder and (C) additional amounts permitted to be incurred pursuant to this Section 6.01 (provided that (x) any additional Indebtedness referenced in this clause (C) satisfies the other applicable
requirements of this definition (with additional amounts incurred in reliance on this clause (C) constituting a utilization of the relevant basket or exception pursuant to which such additional amount is permitted) and (y) if such
additional Indebtedness is secured, the Lien securing such Indebtedness satisfies the applicable requirements of Section 6.02), 

(ii) other than in the case of Refinancing Indebtedness with respect to clauses (i), (m), (n),
(u) and/or (y) (other than customary bridge loans with a maturity date of not longer than one year; provided that any loans, notes, securities or other Indebtedness which are exchanged for or otherwise replace such
bridge loans shall be subject to the requirements of this clause (ii)), such Indebtedness has (A) subject to the Permitted Earlier Maturity Indebtedness Exception, a final maturity equal to or later than (and, in the case of revolving
Indebtedness, does not require mandatory commitment reductions, if any, prior to) the earlier of (x) the Latest Term Loan Maturity Date and (y) the final maturity of the Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded or replaced and
(B) subject to the Permitted Earlier Maturity Indebtedness Exception and other than with respect to revolving Indebtedness, such Indebtedness (x) has a Weighted Average Life to Maturity equal to or greater than the Weighted Average Life to
Maturity of the Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded or replaced (without giving effect to any prepayments thereof) or (y) a Weighted Average Life to Maturity equal to or greater than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the outstanding
Term Loans at such time, 

(iii) the terms of any Refinancing Indebtedness with an original principal amount in excess of
the Threshold Amount (excluding, to the extent applicable, pricing, fees, premiums, rate floors, optional prepayment, redemption terms or subordination terms and, with respect to Refinancing Indebtedness incurred in respect of Indebtedness permitted
under clause (a) above, security), are not, taken as a whole (as reasonably determined by the Borrower), more favorable to the lenders providing such Indebtedness than those applicable to the Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded or
replaced (other than (x) any covenants or any other provisions applicable only to periods after the applicable Maturity Date of the debt then-being refinanced as of such date or (y) any covenants or provisions which are market terms and
conditions (taken as a whole) at the time of incurrence or issuance for the applicable type of Indebtedness) (as reasonably determined by the Borrower), 

(iv) in the case of Refinancing Indebtedness with respect to Indebtedness permitted under clauses (j), (m),
(n)(iii)(B), (r), (u), (w), (x)(i), (y) and (z) (solely as it relates to the Shared Incremental Amount) of this Section 6.01, the incurrence thereof shall be without duplication
of any amounts outstanding in reliance on the relevant clause, 

(v) except in the case of Refinancing Indebtedness incurred
in respect of Indebtedness permitted under clause (a) of this Section 6.01 incurred as Replacement Term Loans or as a Replacement Revolving Facility, (A) such Indebtedness, if secured, is secured only by Permitted Liens
at the time of such refinancing, refunding or replacement (it being understood that secured Indebtedness may be refinanced with unsecured Indebtedness), and if the Liens securing such Indebtedness were originally contractually subordinated to the
Liens on the Collateral securing the 

116 

Initial Term Loans, the Liens securing such Indebtedness are subordinated to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Initial Term Loans on terms not materially less favorable (as reasonably
determined by the Borrower), taken as a whole, to the Lenders than those applicable to the Liens securing the Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded or replaced, taken as a whole, (B) such Indebtedness is incurred by the obligor or obligors in
respect of the Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded or replaced, except to the extent otherwise permitted pursuant to Section 6.01 (it being understood that Holdings may not be the primary obligor in respect of the applicable
Refinancing Indebtedness if Holdings was not the primary obligor in respect of the relevant refinanced Indebtedness), (C) if the Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded or replaced was expressly contractually subordinated to the Obligations in
right of payment, (x) such Indebtedness is contractually subordinated to the Obligations in right of payment, or (y) if not contractually subordinated to the Obligations in right of payment, the purchase, defeasance, redemption,
repurchase, repayment, refinancing or other acquisition or retirement of such Indebtedness is permitted under Section 6.04(b) (other than Section 6.04(b)(i)), and (D) as of the date of the incurrence of such Indebtedness
and after giving effect thereto, no Event of Default under Section 7.01(a), (f) or (g) exists, and 

(vi) in the case of Replacement Notes, (A) such Indebtedness is pari passu or junior in right of payment and
secured by the Collateral on a pari passu or junior basis with respect to the remaining Obligations hereunder, or is unsecured; provided that any such Indebtedness that is secured shall be subject to an Acceptable Intercreditor
Agreement, (B) if the Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded or replaced is secured, it is not secured by any assets other than the Collateral, (C) if the Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded or replaced is Guaranteed, it shall not be
Guaranteed by any Person other than one or more Loan Parties and (D) such Indebtedness is incurred under (and pursuant to) documentation other than this Agreement; it being understood and agreed that any such Indebtedness that is pari
passu with the Initial Term Loans hereunder in right of payment and secured by the Collateral on a pari passu basis with respect to the Secured Obligations hereunder that are secured on a first lien basis may participate (x) in any
voluntary prepayments of Term Loans as set forth in Section 2.11(a)(i) and (y) in any mandatory prepayments of Term Loans as set forth in Section 2.11(b)(vi); 

(q) Indebtedness incurred to finance any acquisition permitted hereunder after the Closing Date; provided that
(i) before and after giving effect to such acquisition on a Pro Forma Basis, no Event of Default under Section 7.01(a), (f) or (g) exists, (ii) after giving effect to such acquisition on a Pro Forma
Basis (in each case, without netting the cash proceeds of the applicable Indebtedness being incurred or any other concurrent incurrence of Indebtedness in connection therewith) (A) if such Indebtedness is secured by a Lien on the
Collateral that is pari passu with the Lien on the Collateral securing the Secured Obligations, the First Lien Leverage Ratio does not exceed the greater of (1) 3.65:1.00 and (2) the First Lien Leverage Ratio as of the last day of
the then-most recently completed Fiscal Quarter, (B) if such Indebtedness is secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is junior to the Lien on the Collateral securing the Secured Obligations, at the election of the Borrower, either (x) the
Secured Leverage Ratio does not exceed the greater of (1) 4.65:1.00 and (2) the Secured Leverage Ratio as of the last day of the then-most recently completed Fiscal Quarter or (y) the Interest Coverage Ratio is not less than the
lesser of (I) 2.00:1.00 and (II) the Interest Coverage Ratio as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period or (C) if such Indebtedness is unsecured, at the election of the Borrower, either (x) the Total Leverage Ratio does
not exceed the greater of (I) 5.15:1.00 and (II) the Total Leverage Ratio as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period or (y) the Interest Coverage Ratio is not less than the lesser of (I) 2.00:1.00 and (II) the Interest
Coverage Ratio as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period, (iii) the Liens securing any such Indebtedness that is subordinated (or secured on a pari passu basis, in the case of clause (ii)(A)) to the Liens securing
the Secured Obligations shall be subject to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement) and (iv) such Indebtedness shall be subject to the conditions provided in Sections 2.22(a)(vi)(A) (but solely in the case of Indebtedness incurred
pursuant to clause (ii)(A) above, subject to the Permitted Earlier Maturity Indebtedness Exception), (a)(vii) (but solely in the case of Indebtedness incurred pursuant to clause (ii)(A) above, subject to the Permitted Earlier
Maturity Indebtedness Exception), (a)(x)(B)(x), (a)(x)(B)(y) (solely in the case of Indebtedness incurred pursuant to clause (ii)(A) and (B) above) and (a)(xi)(B); 

117 

(r) Indebtedness of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary in an
aggregate outstanding principal amount not to exceed 100% of the amount of Net Proceeds received by the Borrower or any Parent Company from (i) the issuance or sale of Qualified Capital Stock or (ii) any cash contribution (made in Cash or
converted into Cash) to the common equity of the Borrower with the Net Proceeds from the issuance and sale by any Parent Company of its Qualified Capital Stock or a contribution to the common equity of any Parent Company, in each case,
(A) other than any Net Proceeds received from the sale of Capital Stock to, or contributions from, the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, (B) to the extent the relevant Net Proceeds have not otherwise been applied to make
Investments, Restricted Payments or Restricted Debt Payments hereunder and (C) other than Cure Amounts (the amount of any Net Proceeds or contribution utilized to incur Indebtedness in reliance on this clause (r), a Contribution
Indebtedness Amount); 

(s) Indebtedness of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary under any Derivative
Transaction not entered into for speculative purposes; 

(t) Indebtedness of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary
representing (i) deferred compensation to current or former directors, officers, employees, members of management, managers, and consultants of any Parent Company, the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business
and (ii) deferred compensation or other similar arrangements in connection with the Transactions, any Permitted Acquisition or any other Investment permitted hereby; 

(u) Indebtedness of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary in an aggregate outstanding principal amount not to exceed
the greater of $118,000,000 and 50% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period; 

(v) [reserved]; 

(w) Indebtedness of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary so long as, after giving effect thereto on a Pro Forma Basis,
including the application of the proceeds thereof (in each case, without netting the cash proceeds of the applicable Indebtedness being incurred or any other concurrent incurrence of Indebtedness in connection therewith),
(i) (A) if such Indebtedness is secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is pari passu with the Lien on the Collateral securing the Secured Obligations, the First Lien Leverage Ratio does not exceed 3.65:1.00 (provided that,
to the extent such Indebtedness is in the form of secured term loans (other than customary bridge loans with a maturity date not longer than one year that are exchangeable or convertible into, or are intended to be refinanced, with other debt
instruments) that are pari passu with the Initial Term Loans in right of payment and with respect to security, the MFN Protection (but subject to exceptions and qualifications thereto) shall apply to such Indebtedness), (B) if such
Indebtedness is secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is junior to the Lien on the Collateral securing the Secured Obligations, at the election of the Borrower, either (x) the Secured Leverage Ratio does not exceed 4.65:1.00 or (y) the
Interest Coverage Ratio is not less than 2.00:1.00 and (C) if such Indebtedness is unsecured or is not secured by all or a portion of the Collateral, at the election of the Borrower, either (x) the Total Leverage Ratio does not
exceed5.15:1.00 or (y) the Interest Coverage Ratio is not less than 2.00:1.00, (ii) the Liens securing any such Indebtedness that is subordinated (or secured on a pari passu basis, in the case of clause (i)(A)) to the Liens
securing the Secured Obligations shall be subject to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement), (iii) such Indebtedness shall be subject to the conditions provided in Sections 2.22(a)(vi)(A) (but solely in the case of Indebtedness incurred
pursuant to clause (i)(A) above, subject to the Permitted Earlier Maturity Indebtedness Exception) and (iv) (but solely in the case of Indebtedness incurred pursuant to clause (i)(A) above, subject to the Permitted Earlier
Maturity Indebtedness Exception), (a)(x)(B)(x), (a)(x)(B)(y) (solely in the case of Indebtedness incurred pursuant to clause (i)(A) and (B) above) and (a)(xi)(B). 

(x) [reserved]; 

(y) Indebtedness of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary incurred in connection with Sale and Lease-Back Transactions
in an aggregate outstanding principal amount not to exceed the greater of $70,500,000 and 30% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period; 

118 

(z) Incremental Equivalent Debt; 

(aa) Indebtedness (including obligations in respect of letters of credit, bank guaranties, surety bonds, performance bonds or
similar instruments with respect to such Indebtedness) incurred by the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary in respect of workers compensation claims, unemployment insurance (including premiums related thereto), other types of social security,
pension obligations, vacation pay, health, disability or other employee benefits or property, casualty or liability insurance or self-insurance or other Indebtedness with respect to reimbursement-type obligations regarding workers compensation
claims; 

(bb) Indebtedness in an aggregate amount not to exceed the Available RP Capacity Amount; 

(cc) Indebtedness of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary in respect of any letter of credit or bank guarantee issued
in favor of any Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender to support any Defaulting Lenders participation in Letters of Credit issued, or Swingline Loans made, hereunder; 

(dd) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary supported by any Letter of Credit; 

(ee) unfunded pension fund and other employee benefit plan obligations and liabilities incurred by the Borrower and/or any
Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business to the extent that the unfunded amounts would not otherwise cause an Event of Default under Section 7.01(i); 

(ff) customer deposits and advance payments received in the ordinary course of business from customers for goods and services
purchased in the ordinary course of business; 

(gg) Indebtedness incurred by a Securitization Subsidiary in a Qualified
Securitization Financing that is not recourse (except for Standard Securitization Undertakings) to the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries; and 

(hh) without duplication of any other Indebtedness, all premiums (if any), interest (including post-petition interest and
payment in kind interest), accretion or amortization of original issue discount, fees, expenses and charges with respect to Indebtedness of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary hereunder. 

Section 6.02. Liens. The Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, create, incur, assume or
permit or suffer to exist any Lien on or with respect to any property of any kind owned by it, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or any income or profits therefrom, except: 

(a) Liens securing the Secured Obligations created pursuant to the Loan Documents; 

(b) Liens for Taxes which (i) are not then due and payable, or (ii) are being contested in accordance with, or are
otherwise not required to be paid under, Section 5.03; 

(c) statutory or common law Liens (and rights of
set-off) of landlords, banks, carriers, warehousemen, mechanics, repairmen, workmen and materialmen, and other Liens imposed by applicable Requirements of Law, in each case incurred in the ordinary course of business (i) for amounts not yet
overdue by more than 60 days, (ii) for amounts that are overdue by more than 60 days and that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, so long as any reserves or other appropriate provisions required by GAAP have been made
for any such contested amounts or (iii) with respect to which the failure to make payment could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 

(d) Liens incurred (i) in the ordinary course of business in connection with workers compensation, unemployment
insurance and other types of social security laws and regulations, (ii) in the ordinary course of business to secure the performance of tenders, statutory obligations, surety, stay, customs and appeal bonds, bids, leases, government contracts,
trade contracts, performance and return-of-money 

119 

bonds and other similar obligations (exclusive of obligations for the payment of borrowed money), (iii) pursuant to pledges and deposits of Cash or Cash Equivalents in the ordinary course of
business securing (x) any liability for reimbursement or indemnification obligations of insurance carriers providing property, casualty, liability or other insurance to Holdings, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or (y) leases or licenses
of property otherwise permitted by this Agreement and (iv) to secure Obligations in respect of letters of credit, bank guaranties, surety bonds, performance bonds or similar instruments posted with respect to the items described in clauses
(i) through (iii) above; 

(e) Liens consisting of easements, rights-of-way, restrictions (including
zoning restrictions), encroachments, protrusions and other similar encumbrances and minor defects or irregularities in title, in each case which do not, in the aggregate, materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of the Borrower
and/or its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or the use of the affected property for its intended purpose; 

(f)
Liens consisting of any (i) interest or title of a lessor or sub-lessor under any lease of real estate permitted hereunder, (ii) landlord lien permitted by the terms of any lease, (iii) restriction or encumbrance to which the interest
or title of such lessor or sub-lessor may be subject or (iv) subordination of the interest of the lessee or sub-lessee under such lease to any restriction or encumbrance referred to in the preceding clause (iii); 

(g) Liens (i) solely on any Cash earnest money deposits made by the Borrower and/or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in
connection with any letter of intent or purchase agreement with respect to any Investment permitted hereunder and (ii) consisting of an agreement to Dispose of any property in a Disposition permitted under Section 6.07; 

(h) purported Liens evidenced by the filing of UCC financing statements relating solely to operating leases or consignment or
bailee arrangements entered into in the ordinary course of business, and Liens arising from precautionary UCC financing statements or similar filings; 

(i) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payment of customs duties in
connection with the importation of goods; 

(j) Liens in connection with any zoning, building or similar Requirement of Law
or right reserved to or vested in any Governmental Authority to control or regulate the use of any or dimensions of real property or the structure thereon, including Liens in connection with any condemnation or eminent domain proceeding or
compulsory purchase order; 

(k) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 6.01(p) (solely with
respect to the permitted refinancing of (x) Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Sections 6.01(a), (i), (m), (n), (q)(ii)(A), (q)(ii)(B), (w)(i)(A), (w)(i)(B), (y) and
(z) (provided that, in the case of Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 6.01(z), such Liens are secured by Collateral) and (y) Indebtedness that is secured in reliance on Section 6.02(m) or
(u) (without duplication of any amount outstanding thereunder)); provided that (i) no such Lien extends to any asset not covered by the Lien securing the Indebtedness that is being refinanced and (ii) if the Lien securing the
Indebtedness being refinanced was subject to intercreditor arrangements, then (A) the Lien securing any refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof shall be subject to intercreditor arrangements that are not materially less favorable to the
Secured Parties, taken as a whole, than the intercreditor arrangements governing the Lien securing the Indebtedness that is refinanced or (B) the intercreditor arrangements governing the Lien securing the relevant refinancing Indebtedness shall
be set forth in an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement, i; 

(l) Liens existing on the Closing Date and to the extent
securing Indebtedness with an outstanding principal amount in excess of $10,000,000, described on Schedule 6.02 and any modification, replacement, refinancing, renewal or extension thereof; provided that (i) no such Lien extends
to any additional property other than (A) after-acquired property that is affixed or incorporated into the property covered by such Lien or financed by Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01 and (B) proceeds and products
thereof, replacements, accessions or additions thereto and improvements thereon (it being 

120 

understood that individual financings of the type permitted under Section 6.01(m) provided by any lender may be cross-collateralized to other financings of such type provided by such
lender or its affiliates) and (ii) any such modification, replacement, refinancing, renewal or extension of the obligations secured or benefited by such Liens, if constituting Indebtedness, is permitted by Section 6.01; 

(m) Liens arising out of Sale and Lease-Back Transactions in an aggregate outstanding principal amount not to exceed the
greater of $70,500,000 and 30% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period; 

(n) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 6.01(m); provided that any such Lien shall
encumber only the asset acquired with the proceeds of such Indebtedness and proceeds and products thereof, replacements, accessions or additions thereto and improvements thereon (it being understood that individual financings of the type permitted
under Section 6.01(m) provided by any lender may be cross-collateralized to other financings of such type provided by such lender or its affiliates); 

(o) (i) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 6.01(n) on the relevant acquired assets or
on the Capital Stock and assets of the relevant newly acquired Restricted Subsidiary; provided that no such Lien (x) extends to or covers any other assets (other than the proceeds or products thereof, replacements, accessions or
additions thereto and improvements thereon) or (y) was created in contemplation of the applicable acquisition of assets or Capital Stock, and (ii) Liens on Collateral securing Indebtedness incurred pursuant to, and subject to the
provisions set forth in, Section 6.01(q); provided, that any Lien on the Collateral that is granted in reliance on this clause (o)(ii) shall be subject to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement; 

(p) (i) Liens that are contractual rights of setoff or netting relating to (A) the establishment of depositary
relations with banks not granted in connection with the issuance of Indebtedness, (B) pooled deposit or sweep accounts of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to permit satisfaction of overdraft or similar obligations incurred in the
ordinary course of business of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, (C) purchase orders and other agreements entered into with customers of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business and
(D) commodity trading or other brokerage accounts incurred in the ordinary course of business, (ii) Liens encumbering reasonable customary initial deposits and margin deposits, (iii) bankers Liens and rights and remedies as to Deposit
Accounts, (iv) Liens of a collection bank arising under Section 4-208 or 4-210 of the UCC on items in the ordinary course of business, (v) Liens in favor of banking or other financial institutions arising as a matter of Law or under
customary general terms and conditions encumbering deposits or other funds maintained with a financial institution and that are within the general parameters customary in the banking industry or arising pursuant to such banking institutions
general terms and conditions, (vi) Liens on the proceeds of any Indebtedness incurred in connection with any transaction permitted hereunder, which proceeds have been deposited into an escrow account on customary terms to secure such
Indebtedness pending the application of such proceeds to finance such transaction and (vii) Liens of the type described in the foregoing clauses (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) and (v) securing obligations
under Sections 6.01(f) and/or 6.01(s); 

(q) Liens on assets and Capital Stock of Restricted Subsidiaries that
are not Loan Parties (including Capital Stock owned by such Persons) securing Indebtedness or other obligations of Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties permitted under this Agreement; 

(r) Liens securing obligations (other than obligations representing Indebtedness for borrowed money) under operating,
reciprocal easement or similar agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business of the Borrower and/or its Restricted Subsidiaries; 

(s) Liens securing Indebtedness incurred in reliance on, and subject to the provisions set forth in,
Section 6.01(w) or (z); provided, that any Lien that is granted in reliance on this clause (s) on the Collateral shall be subject to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement; 

(t) [reserved]; 

121 

(u) Liens on assets securing Indebtedness or other obligations in an
aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not to exceed the greater of $118,000,000 and 50% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period; 

(v) (i) Liens on assets securing judgments, awards, attachments and/or decrees and notices of lis pendens and
associated rights relating to litigation being contested in good faith not constituting an Event of Default under Section 7.01(h) and (ii) any pledge and/or deposit securing any settlement of litigation; 

(w) leases or subleases granted to others in the ordinary course of business which do not secure any Indebtedness; 

(x) Liens on Securities that are the subject of repurchase agreements constituting Investments permitted under
Section 6.06 arising out of such repurchase transaction; 

(y) Liens securing obligations in respect letters of
credit, bank guaranties, surety bonds, performance bonds or similar instruments permitted under Sections 6.01(d), (e), (g), (aa) and (cc); 

(z) Liens arising (i) out of conditional sale, title retention, consignment or similar arrangements for the sale of any
asset in the ordinary course of business and permitted by this Agreement or (ii) by operation of law under Article 2 of the UCC (or similar Requirement of Law under any jurisdiction); 

(aa) Liens (i) in favor of any Loan Party and/or (ii) granted by any non-Loan Party in favor of any Restricted
Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party, in the case of clauses (i) and (ii), securing intercompany Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01 or Section 6.09; 

(bb) Liens on insurance policies and the proceeds thereof securing the financing of the premiums with respect thereto; 

(cc) Liens on specific items of inventory or other goods and the proceeds thereof securing the relevant Persons
obligations in respect of documentary letters of credit or bankers acceptances issued or created for the account of such Person to facilitate the purchase, shipment or storage of such inventory or goods; 

(dd) licenses, sublicenses and cross-licenses involving any IP Rights in the ordinary course of business; 

(ee) (i) Liens on Capital Stock of joint ventures or Unrestricted Subsidiaries securing capital contributions to, or
obligations of, such Persons and (ii) customary rights of first refusal and tag, drag and similar rights in joint venture agreements and agreements with respect to non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries; 

(ff) Liens on cash or Cash Equivalents arising in connection with the defeasance, discharge or redemption of Indebtedness; 

(gg) Liens consisting of the prior rights of consignees and their lenders under consignment arrangements entered into in the
ordinary course of business; 

(hh) Liens with respect to property or assets of the Borrower or any of its Restricted
Subsidiaries securing obligations in an aggregate principal amount at the time of incurrence of such Liens not to exceed the Available RP Capacity Amount; provided that if such Liens secure Indebtedness incurred pursuant to
Section 6.01(bb) in reliance on the Available RP Capacity Amount, such Liens shall not reduce the Available RP Capacity Amount in duplication of any reduction pursuant to Section 6.01(bb); and 

(ii) Liens on the Securitization Assets arising in connection with a Qualified Securitization Financing. 

122 

Section 6.03. [Reserved]. 

Section 6.04. Restricted Payments; Restricted Debt Payments. 

(a) The Borrower shall not pay or make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment, except that: 

(i) the Borrower may make Restricted Payments to the extent necessary to permit any Parent Company: 

(A) to pay general administrative costs and expenses (including corporate overhead, legal or similar expenses and customary
salary, bonus and other benefits payable to directors, officers, employees, members of management, managers and/or consultants of any Parent Company) and franchise Taxes, and similar fees and expenses, required to maintain the organizational
existence of such Parent Company, in each case, which are reasonable and customary and incurred in the ordinary course of business, plus any reasonable and customary indemnification claims made by directors, officers, members of management,
managers, employees or consultants of any Parent Company, in each case, to the extent attributable to the ownership or operations of any Parent Company (but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, the portion of any such amount, if any, that is
attributable to the ownership or operations of any Subsidiary of any Parent Company other than the Borrower and/or its Subsidiaries), and/or its Subsidiaries; 

(B) for any taxable period for which the Borrower is a member of a consolidated, combined, unitary or similar tax group for
U.S. federal and/or applicable state or local tax purposes of which such Parent Company is the common parent, to discharge the consolidated, combined, unitary or similar Tax liabilities of such Parent Company and its Subsidiaries when and as due, to
the extent such liabilities are attributable to the income of the Borrower and/or any Subsidiary; provided that the amount of such payments in respect of any taxable year do not exceed the amount of such Taxes that the Borrower and/or its
applicable Subsidiaries would have paid had such Taxes been paid as stand-alone companies or as a stand-alone group; provided, further, that any such payment in respect of an Unrestricted Subsidiary shall be permitted only to the
extent that cash distributions are made by such Unrestricted Subsidiary to the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries for such purpose; 

(C) to pay audit and other accounting and reporting expenses of such Parent Company to the extent attributable to any Parent
Company (but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, the portion of any such expenses, if any, attributable to the ownership or operations of any Subsidiary of any Parent Company other than the Borrower and/or its Subsidiaries), the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries; 

(D) for the payment of insurance premiums to the extent attributable to any Parent Company (but excluding,
for the avoidance of doubt, the portion of any such premiums, if any, attributable to the ownership or operations of any Subsidiary of any Parent Company other than the Borrower and/or its Subsidiaries), the Borrower and its Subsidiaries; 

(E) to pay (x) fees and expenses related to debt or equity offerings, investments or acquisitions (including the IPO) (in
each case whether or not consummated) and expenses and indemnities of any trustee, agent, arranger, underwriter or similar role, and (y) Public Company Costs; 

(F) to finance any Investment permitted under Section 6.06 (provided that (x) any Restricted Payment
under this clause (a)(i)(F) shall be made substantially concurrently with the closing of such Investment and (y) the relevant Parent Company shall, promptly following the closing thereof, cause (I) all property acquired to be
contributed to the Borrower or one or more of its Restricted Subsidiaries, or (II) the merger, consolidation or amalgamation of the Person formed or acquired into the Borrower or one or more of its Restricted Subsidiaries, in order to consummate
such Investment in compliance with the applicable requirements of Section 6.06 as if undertaken as a direct Investment by the Borrower or the relevant Restricted Subsidiary); and 

123 

(G) to pay customary salary, bonus, severance and other benefits payable to
current or former directors, officers, members of management, managers, employees or consultants of any Parent Company (or any Immediate Family Member of any of the foregoing) to the extent such salary, bonuses and other benefits are attributable
and reasonably allocated to the operations of the Borrower and/or its Subsidiaries, in each case, so long as such Parent Company applies the amount of any such Restricted Payment for such purpose; 

(ii) the Borrower may pay (or make Restricted Payments to allow any Parent Company) to repurchase, redeem, retire or otherwise
acquire or retire for value the Capital Stock of any Parent Company or any Subsidiary held by any future, present or former employee, director, member of management, officer, manager or consultant (or any Affiliate or Immediate Family Member
thereof) of any Parent Company, the Borrower or any Subsidiary: 

(A) with Cash and Cash Equivalents (and including, to the
extent constituting a Restricted Payment, amounts paid in respect of promissory notes issued to evidence any obligation to repurchase, redeem, retire or otherwise acquire or retire for value the Capital Stock of any Parent Company or any Subsidiary
held by any future, present or former employee, director, member of management, officer, manager or consultant (or any Affiliate or Immediate Family Member thereof) of any Parent Company, the Borrower or any Subsidiary) in an amount not to exceed,
in any Fiscal Year, the greater of $35,250,000 and 15% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period, which, if not used in such Fiscal Year, shall be carried forward to succeeding Fiscal Years; 

(B) with the proceeds of any sale or issuance of, or any capital contribution in respect of, the Capital Stock of the Borrower
or any Parent Company (to the extent such proceeds are contributed in respect of Qualified Capital Stock to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (other than any such proceeds or contribution that forms part of any Available Excluded
Contribution Amount or to the extent such proceeds or contribution has increased the Available Amount)); or 

(C) with the
net proceeds of any key-man life insurance policies; 

(iii) the Borrower may make Restricted Payments in an amount not to
exceed (A) the portion, if any, of the Available Amount on such date that the Borrower elects to apply to this clause (iii)(A) and/or (B) the portion, if any, of the Available Excluded Contribution Amount on such date that the
Borrower elects to apply to this clause (iii)(B); 

(iv) the Borrower may make Restricted Payments (i) to any
Parent Company to enable such Parent Company to make Cash payments in lieu of the issuance of fractional shares in connection with the exercise of warrants, options or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Capital Stock of such
Parent Company and (ii) consisting of (A) payments made or expected to be made in respect of withholding or similar Taxes payable by any future, present or former officers, directors, employees, members of management, managers or
consultants of the Borrower, any Restricted Subsidiary or any Parent Company or any of their respective Immediate Family Members in connection with such exercise and/or (B) repurchases of Capital Stock in consideration of the payments described
in subclause (A) above, including demand repurchases in connection with the exercise of stock options; 

(v) the
Borrower may repurchase (or make Restricted Payments to any Parent Company to enable it to repurchase) Capital Stock upon the exercise of warrants, options or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Capital Stock if such Capital Stock
represents all or a portion of the exercise price of, or tax withholdings with respect to, such warrants, options or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Capital Stock; 

124 

(vi) the Borrower may make Restricted Payments, the proceeds of which are
applied (i) on the Closing Date, solely to effect the consummation of the Transactions and (ii) on and after the Closing Date, to pay Transaction Costs; 

(vii) so long as no Event of Default under Sections 7.01(a), 7.01(f) or 7.01(g) exists at the time of
declaration of such Restricted Payment, the Borrower may (or may make Restricted Payments to any Parent Company to enable it to) make Restricted Payments with respect to any Capital Stock in an amount not to exceed the sum of (i) 7.00% per
annum of the net Cash proceeds received by or contributed to the Borrower from the IPO and (ii) 7.00% of the Market Capitalization of Holdings or its applicable Parent Company whose Capital Stock is publicly traded; 

(viii) the Borrower may make Restricted Payments to (i) redeem, repurchase, retire or otherwise acquire any
(A) Capital Stock (Treasury Capital Stock) of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary or (B) Capital Stock of any Parent Company, in the case of each of subclauses (A) and (B), in exchange for,
or out of the proceeds of the substantially concurrent sale (other than to the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary) of, Qualified Capital Stock of the Borrower or any Parent Company to the extent any such proceeds are contributed to the
capital of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary in respect of Qualified Capital Stock (Refunding Capital Stock) and (ii) declare and pay dividends on any Treasury Capital Stock out of the proceeds of the
substantially concurrent sale (other than to the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary) of any Refunding Capital Stock; provided that any amount applied to make a Restricted Payment pursuant to this clause (viii) shall not be applied or
used to increase the Available Amount or the Available Excluded Contribution Amount; 

(ix) to the extent constituting a
Restricted Payment, the Borrower may consummate any transaction permitted by Section 6.06 (other than Sections 6.06(j) and (t)), Section 6.07 (other than Section 6.07(g)) and Section 6.09
(other than Sections 6.09(d) and (j)); 

(x) the Borrower may make Restricted Payments in an aggregate
amount not to exceed the greater of $94,000,000 and 40% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period plus at the election of the Borrower, the amount of Restricted Debt Payments then permitted to
be made by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in reliance on Section 6.04(b)(iv) (such increase shall result in a reduction in availability under Section 6.04(b)(iv)) plus at the election of the Borrower, the amount of
Investments then permitted to be made by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in reliance on Section 6.06(q)(i) (such increase shall result in a reduction in availability under Section 6.06(q)(i)); 

(xi) the Borrower may make Restricted Payments so long as (i) no Event of Default under Sections 7.01(a),
7.01(f) or 7.01(g) exists at the time of the declaration of such Restricted Payment and (ii) the Total Leverage Ratio, calculated on a Pro Forma Basis, would not exceed 4.50:1:00; 

(xii) the Borrower may make any Restricted Payment with cash tax savings attributable to the Transactions in an aggregate
amount not to exceed $50,000,000; provided that no Event of Default exists at the time of the declaration of such Restricted Payment; and 

(xiii) the Borrower may declare and make dividend payments or other Restricted Payments payable solely in the Capital Stock of
the Borrower or of any Parent Company. 

(b) The Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, make any prepayment
in Cash in respect of principal of any Junior Indebtedness (the Restricted Debt), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any
Restricted Debt more than one year prior to the scheduled maturity date thereof (collectively, Restricted Debt Payments), except: 

125 

(i) with respect to any purchase, defeasance, redemption, repurchase,
repayment or other acquisition or retirement thereof made by exchange for, or out of the proceeds of, Refinancing Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.01; 

(ii) as part of an applicable high yield discount obligation catch-up payment; 

(iii) payments of regularly scheduled interest (including any penalty interest, if applicable) and payments of fees, expenses
and indemnification obligations as and when due (other than payments with respect to Junior Indebtedness that are prohibited by the subordination provisions thereof); 

(iv) Restricted Debt Payments in an aggregate amount not to exceed the greater of $82,250,000 and 35% of Consolidated Adjusted
EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period, plus at the election of the Borrower, the amount of Investments then permitted to be made by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in reliance on
Section 6.06(q)(i) (such increase shall result in a reduction in availability under Section 6.06(q)(i)); 

(v) (A) Restricted Debt Payments in exchange for, or with proceeds of any issuance of, Qualified Capital Stock of the
Borrower and/or any capital contribution in respect of Qualified Capital Stock of the Borrower, (B) Restricted Debt Payments as a result of the conversion of all or any portion of any Restricted Debt into Qualified Capital Stock of the Borrower
and (C) to the extent constituting a Restricted Debt Payment, payment-in-kind interest with respect to any Restricted Debt that is permitted under Section 6.01; 

(vi) Restricted Debt Payments in an aggregate amount not to exceed (A) the portion, if any, of the Available Amount on
such date that the Borrower elects to apply to this clause (vi)(A) and/or (B) the portion, if any, of the Available Excluded Contribution Amount on such date that the Borrower elects to apply to this clause (vi)(B); 

(vii) Restricted Debt Payments in an unlimited amount; provided that (A) no Event of Default under
Section 7.01(a), (f) or (g) exists at the time of delivery of irrevocable notice of such Restricted Debt Payment and (B) the Total Leverage Ratio, calculated on a Pro Forma Basis, would not exceed 4.50:1:00;

(viii) Restricted Debt Payments in an aggregate amount not to exceed the Available RP Capacity Amount; and 

(ix) mandatory prepayments of Restricted Debt (and related payments of interest) made with Declined Proceeds (it being
understood that any Declined Proceeds applied to make Restricted Debt Payments in reliance on this Section 6.04(b)(ix) shall not increase the amount available under clause (a)(viii) of the definition of Available
Amount to the extent so applied). 

Section 6.05. Burdensome Agreements. Except as provided herein or in any other Loan
Document and/or in agreements with respect to refinancings, renewals or replacements of such Indebtedness that are permitted by Section 6.01, the Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, enter into
or cause to exist any agreement restricting the ability of (x) any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower that is not a Loan Party to pay dividends or other distributions to the Borrower or any Loan Party or (y) any Restricted Subsidiary
that is not a Loan Party to make cash loans or advances to the Borrower or any Loan Party, except restrictions: 

(a) set
forth in any agreement evidencing (i) Indebtedness of a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party permitted by Section 6.01, (ii) Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.01 that is secured by a Permitted Lien if
the relevant restriction applies only to the Person obligated under such Indebtedness and its Restricted Subsidiaries or the assets intended to secure such Indebtedness and (iii) Indebtedness permitted pursuant to clauses (j), (m),
(p) (as it relates to Indebtedness in respect of clauses (a), (m), (q), (r), (u), (w) and/or (y) of Section 6.01), (q), (r), (u),
(w) and/or (y) of Section 6.01; 

126 

(b) arising under customary provisions restricting assignments, subletting,
licensing, sublicensing or other transfers (including the granting of any Lien) contained in leases, subleases, licenses, sublicenses, joint venture agreements and other agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business; 

(c) that are or were created by virtue of any Lien granted upon, transfer of, agreement to transfer or grant of, any option or
right with respect to any assets or Capital Stock not otherwise prohibited under this Agreement; 

(d) that are assumed in
connection with any acquisition of property or the Capital Stock of any Person, so long as the relevant encumbrance or restriction relates solely to the Person and its subsidiaries (including the Capital Stock of the relevant Person or Persons)
and/or property so acquired and was not created in connection with or in anticipation of such acquisition; 

(e) set forth
in any agreement for any Disposition of any Restricted Subsidiary (or all or substantially all of the assets thereof) that restricts the payment of dividends or other distributions or the making of cash loans or advances by such Restricted
Subsidiary pending such Disposition; 

(f) set forth in provisions in agreements or instruments which prohibit the payment
of dividends or the making of other distributions with respect to any class of Capital Stock of a Person other than on a pro rata basis; 

(g) imposed by customary provisions in partnership agreements, limited liability company organizational governance documents,
joint venture agreements and other similar agreements; 

(h) on Cash, other deposits or net worth or similar restrictions
imposed by any Person under any contract entered into in the ordinary course of business or for whose benefit such Cash, other deposits or net worth or similar restrictions exist; 

(i) set forth in documents which exist on the Closing Date and were not created in contemplation thereof; 

(j) arising pursuant to an agreement or instrument relating to any Indebtedness permitted to be incurred after the Closing Date
if the relevant restrictions, taken as a whole, are not materially less favorable to the Lenders than the restrictions contained in this Agreement, taken as a whole (as determined in good faith by the Borrower); 

(k) arising under or as a result of applicable Requirements of Law or the terms of any license, authorization, concession or
permit; 

(l) arising in any Hedge Agreement and/or any agreement relating to any Banking Services Obligation; 

(m) relating to any asset (or all of the assets) of and/or the Capital Stock of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary
which is imposed pursuant to an agreement entered into in connection with any Disposition of such asset (or assets) and/or all or a portion of the Capital Stock of the relevant Person that is permitted or not restricted by this Agreement; 

(n) set forth in any agreement relating to any Permitted Lien that limit the right of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary
to Dispose of or encumber the assets subject thereto; and/or 

(o) imposed by any amendment, modification, restatement,
renewal, increase, supplement, refunding, replacement or refinancing of any contract, instrument or obligation referred to in clauses (a) through (n) above; provided that no such amendment, modification, restatement,
renewal, increase, supplement, refunding, replacement or refinancing is, in the good faith judgment of the Borrower, more restrictive with respect to such restrictions, taken as a whole, than those in existence prior to such amendment, modification,
restatement, renewal, increase, supplement, refunding, replacement or refinancing. 

127 

Section 6.06. Investments. The Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any of
its Restricted Subsidiaries to, make or own any Investment in any other Person except: 

(a) Cash or Investments that were
Cash Equivalents at the time made; 

(b) Investments made among the Borrower and/or one or more Restricted Subsidiaries;

(c) Investments (i) constituting deposits, prepayments and/or other credits to suppliers, (ii) made in
connection with obtaining, maintaining or renewing client and customer contracts and/or (iii) in the form of advances made to distributors, suppliers, licensors and licensees, in each case, in the ordinary course of business or, in the case of
clause (iii), to the extent necessary to maintain the ordinary course of supplies to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary; 

(d) Investments in (i) Unrestricted Subsidiaries in an aggregate outstanding amount not to exceed the greater of
$82,250,000 and 35% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period, (ii) any Similar Business in an aggregate outstanding amount not to exceed the greater of $82,250,000 and 35% of Consolidated
Adjusted EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period and (iii) joint ventures in an aggregate outstanding amount not to exceed the greater of $82,250,000 and 35% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA as of the last day of the
most recently ended Test Period; 

(e) Permitted Acquisitions; 

(f) Investments (i) existing on the Closing Date, (ii) or contractually committed to or contemplated as of, the
Closing Date and described on Schedule 6.06 and (iii) any modification, replacement, renewal or extension of any Investment described in clauses (i) and (ii) above so long as no such modification, renewal or
extension increases the amount of such Investment except by the terms thereof or as otherwise permitted by this Section 6.06; 

(g) Investments received in lieu of Cash in connection with any Disposition permitted by Section 6.07 or any other
disposition of assets not constituting a Disposition; 

(h) loans or advances to present or former employees, directors,
members of management, officers, managers or consultants or independent contractors (or their respective Immediate Family Members) of any Parent Company, the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and/or any joint venture to the extent permitted by Requirements
of Law, in connection with such Persons purchase of Capital Stock of any Parent Company, either (i) in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $15,000,000 at any one time outstanding or (ii) so long as the proceeds of such loan
or advance are substantially contemporaneously contributed to the Borrower for the purchase of such Capital Stock; 

(i)
Investments consisting of extensions of credit in the nature of accounts receivable or notes receivable arising from the grant of trade credit in the ordinary course of business; 

(j) Investments consisting of (or resulting from) Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01 (other than
Indebtedness permitted under Sections 6.01(b) and (h)), Permitted Liens, Restricted Payments permitted under Section 6.04 (other than Section 6.04(a)(ix)), Restricted Debt Payments permitted by
Section 6.04 and mergers, consolidations, amalgamations, liquidations, windings up, dissolutions or Dispositions permitted by Section 6.07 (other than Section 6.07(a) (if made in reliance on subclause
(ii)(y) of the proviso thereto), Section 6.07(b) (if made in reliance on clause (ii) therein), Section 6.07(c)(ii) (if made in reliance on clause (B) therein) and Section 6.07(g)); 

128 

(k) Investments in the ordinary course of business consisting of
endorsements for collection or deposit and customary trade arrangements with customers; 

(l) Investments (including debt
obligations and Capital Stock) received (i) in connection with the bankruptcy or reorganization of any Person, (ii) in settlement of delinquent obligations of, or other disputes with, customers, suppliers and other account debtors arising
in the ordinary course of business, (iii) upon foreclosure with respect to any secured Investment or other transfer of title with respect to any secured Investment and/or (iv) as a result of the settlement, compromise, resolution of
litigation, arbitration or other disputes; 

(m) loans and advances of payroll payments or other compensation to present or
former employees, directors, members of management, officers, managers or consultants of any Parent Company (to the extent such payments or other compensation relate to services provided to such Parent Company (but excluding, for the avoidance of
doubt, the portion of any such amount, if any, attributable to the ownership or operations of any Subsidiary of any Parent Company other than the Borrower and/or its Subsidiaries)), the Borrower and/or any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of
business; 

(n) Investments to the extent that payment therefor is made solely with Capital Stock of any Parent Company or
Qualified Capital Stock of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, in each case, to the extent not resulting in a Change of Control; 

(o) (i) Investments of any Restricted Subsidiary acquired after the Closing Date, or of any Person acquired by, or merged
into or consolidated or amalgamated with, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary after the Closing Date, in each case as part of an Investment otherwise permitted by this Section 6.06 to the extent that such Investments were not made
in contemplation of or in connection with such acquisition, merger, amalgamation or consolidation and were in existence on the date of the relevant acquisition, merger, amalgamation or consolidation and (ii) any modification, replacement,
renewal or extension of any Investment permitted under clause (i) of this Section 6.06(o) so long as no such modification, replacement, renewal or extension thereof increases the original amount of such Investment except as
otherwise permitted by this Section 6.06; 

(p) Investments made in connection with the Transactions; 

(q) Investments made after the Closing Date by the Borrower and/or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount at
any time outstanding not to exceed: 

(i) the greater of $118,000,000 and 50% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA as of the last
day of the most recently ended Test Period, plus at the election of the Borrower, the amount of Restricted Debt Payments then permitted to be made by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in reliance on Section 6.04(b)(iv)
(such increase shall result in a reduction in availability under Section 6.04(b)(iv)), plus

(ii) in the
event that (A) the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries makes any Investment after the Closing Date in any Person that is not a Restricted Subsidiary and (B) such Person subsequently becomes a Restricted Subsidiary, an amount
equal to 100.0% of the fair market value of such Investment as of the date on which such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary; 

(r) Investments made after the Closing Date by the Borrower and/or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in an aggregate
outstanding amount not to exceed (i) the portion, if any, of the Available Amount on such date that the Borrower elects to apply to this clause (r)(i) and/or (ii) the portion, if any, of the Available Excluded Contribution Amount on
such date that the Borrower elects to apply to this clause (r)(ii); 

(s) (i) Guarantees of leases (other than
Capital Leases) or of other obligations not constituting Indebtedness and (ii) Guarantees of the lease obligations of suppliers, customers, franchisees and licensees of the Borrower and/or its Restricted Subsidiaries, in each case, in the
ordinary course of business; 

129 

(t) Investments in any Parent Company in amounts and for purposes for which
Restricted Payments to such Parent Company are permitted under Section 6.04(a); provided that any Investment made as provided above in lieu of any such Restricted Payment shall reduce availability under the applicable Restricted
Payment basket under Section 6.04(a); 

(u) Investments made by any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan
Party with the proceeds received by such Restricted Subsidiary from an Investment made by any Loan Party in such Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to this Section 6.06 (other than Investments made pursuant to
Section 6.06(e)(ii)); 

(v) Investments in Subsidiaries in connection with internal reorganizations and/or
restructurings and activities related to tax planning; provided that, after giving effect to any such reorganization, restructuring or activity, neither the Loan Guaranty, taken as a whole, nor the security interest of the Administrative
Agent in the Collateral, taken as a whole, is materially impaired; 

(w) Investments under any Derivative Transaction of the
type permitted under Section 6.01(s); 

(x) Investments in an amount not to exceed the Available RP Capacity
Amount; 

(y) Investments made in joint ventures as required by, or made pursuant to, customary buy/sell arrangements
between the joint venture parties set forth in joint venture agreements and similar binding arrangements entered into in the ordinary course of business; 

(z) Investments made in connection with any nonqualified deferred compensation plan or arrangement for any present or former
employees, directors, members of management, officers, managers or consultants or independent contractors (or their respective Immediate Family Members) of any Parent Company, the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and/or any joint venture; 

(aa) Investments in the Borrower, any Restricted Subsidiary and/or joint venture in connection with intercompany cash
management arrangements and related activities in the ordinary course of business; 

(bb) Investments so long as after
giving effect thereto on a Pro Forma Basis, the Total Leverage Ratio does not exceed the greater of (i) 4.50:1.00 and (y) the Total Leverage Ratio as of the last day of the most recently ended Fiscal Quarter prior to such Investment; 

(cc) any Investment made by any Unrestricted Subsidiary prior to the date on which such Unrestricted Subsidiary is designated
as a Restricted Subsidiary so long as the relevant Investment was not made in contemplation of the designation of such Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary; 

(dd) Investments consisting of the licensing or contribution of IP Rights pursuant to joint marketing arrangements with other
Persons; 

(ee) loans and advances to any Parent Company not in excess of the amount of (after giving effect to any other
loans, advances or Restricted Payments in respect thereof) Restricted Payments to the extent permitted to be made to such Parent Company in accordance with Section 6.04(a)(i), such Investment being treated for purposes of the applicable
clause of Section 6.04(a), including any limitations, as a Restricted Payment made pursuant to such clause; and 

(ff) (i) Investments in a Securitization Subsidiary or any Investment by a Securitization Subsidiary in any other Person
in connection with a Qualified Securitization Financing; provided, however, that any such Investment in a Securitization Subsidiary is in the form of a contribution of additional Securitization Assets or equity, and
(ii) distributions or payments of Securitization Fees and purchases of Securitization Assets pursuant to a Securitization Repurchase Obligation in connection with a Qualified Securitization Financing. 

130 

Section 6.07. Fundamental Changes; Disposition of Assets. Other than the
Transactions, the Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, enter into any transaction of merger, consolidation or amalgamation, or liquidate, wind up or dissolve themselves (or suffer any liquidation or
dissolution), or make any Disposition of any assets having a fair market value in excess of $25,000,000 in a single transaction or a series of related transactions and in excess of $50,000,000 in the aggregate for all such transactions per year,
except: 

(a) any Restricted Subsidiary may be merged, consolidated or amalgamated with or into the Borrower or any other
Restricted Subsidiary; provided that (i) in the case of any such merger, consolidation or amalgamation with or into the Borrower, (A) the Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving Person or (B) if the Person formed by or
surviving any such merger, consolidation or amalgamation is not the Borrower (any such Person, the Successor Borrower), (x) the Successor Borrower shall be an entity organized or existing under the law of the U.S., any state
thereof or the District of Columbia, (y) the Successor Borrower shall expressly assume the Obligations of the Borrower in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (z) except as the Administrative Agent may otherwise
agree, each Guarantor, unless it is the other party to such merger, consolidation or amalgamation, shall have executed and delivered a reaffirmation agreement with respect to its obligations under the Loan Guaranty and the other Loan Documents; it
being understood and agreed that if the foregoing conditions under clauses (x) through (z) are satisfied, the Successor Borrower will succeed to, and be substituted for, the Borrower under this Agreement and the other Loan
Documents, and (ii) in the case of any such merger, consolidation or amalgamation with or into the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor, either (x) the Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor shall be the continuing or surviving Person or the
continuing or surviving Person shall expressly assume the obligations of the Borrower or Subsidiary Guarantor in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent or (y) the relevant transaction shall be treated as an Investment and
shall comply with Section 6.06; 

(b) Dispositions (including of Capital Stock) among the Borrower and/or any
Restricted Subsidiary (upon voluntary liquidation or otherwise); provided that any such Disposition made by any Loan Party to any Person that is not a Loan Party shall be (i) for fair market value (as reasonably determined by such
Person) with at least 75% of the consideration for such Disposition consisting of Cash or Cash Equivalents at the time of such Disposition or (ii) treated as an Investment and otherwise made in compliance with Section 6.06 (other
than in reliance on clause (j) thereof); 

(c) (i) the liquidation or dissolution of any Restricted
Subsidiary if the Borrower determines in good faith that such liquidation or dissolution is in the best interests of the Borrower, is not materially disadvantageous to the Lenders and the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary receives any assets of
the relevant dissolved or liquidated Restricted Subsidiary; provided that in the case of any liquidation or dissolution of any Loan Party that results in a distribution of assets to any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party, such
distribution shall be treated as an Investment and shall comply with Section 6.06 (other than in reliance on clause (j) thereof); (ii) any merger, amalgamation, dissolution, liquidation or consolidation, the purpose of
which is to effect (A) any Disposition otherwise permitted under this Section 6.07 (other than clause (a), clause (b) or this clause (c)) or (B) any Investment permitted under Section 6.06;
and (iii) the conversion of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary into another form of entity, so long as such conversion does not adversely affect the value of the Loan Guaranty or Collateral, if any; 

(d) (x) Dispositions of inventory or equipment or immaterial assets in the ordinary course of business (including on an
intercompany basis) and (y) the leasing or subleasing of real property in the ordinary course of business; 

(e)
Dispositions of surplus, obsolete, used or worn out property or other property that, in the reasonable judgment of the Borrower, is (A) no longer useful in its business (or in the business of any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower) or
(B) otherwise economically impracticable to maintain; 

(f) Dispositions of Cash and/or Cash Equivalents and/or other
assets that were Cash Equivalents when the relevant original Investment was made; 

131 

(g) Dispositions, mergers, amalgamations, consolidations or conveyances that
constitute (w) Investments permitted pursuant to Section 6.06 (other than Section 6.06(j)), (x) Permitted Liens, (y) Restricted Payments permitted by Section 6.04(a) (other than
Section 6.04(a)(ix)) and (z) Sale and Lease-Back Transactions in an aggregate outstanding principal amount not to exceed the greater of $70,500,000 and 30% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently
ended Test Period; 

(h) Dispositions for fair market value; provided that with respect to any such Disposition with
a purchase price in excess of the greater of $35,250,000 and 15% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period, at least 75% of the consideration for such Disposition shall consist of Cash or Cash
Equivalents (provided that for purposes of the 75% Cash consideration requirement, (w) the amount of any Indebtedness or other liabilities (other than Indebtedness or other liabilities that are subordinated to the Obligations or that are
owed to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary) of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (as shown on such Persons most recent balance sheet or statement of financial position (or in the notes thereto)) that are assumed by the
transferee of any such assets and for which the Borrower and/or its applicable Restricted Subsidiary have been validly released by all relevant creditors in writing, (x) the amount of any trade-in value applied to the purchase price of any
replacement assets acquired in connection with such Disposition, (y) any Securities received by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary from such transferee that are converted by such Person into Cash or Cash Equivalents (to the extent of the
Cash or Cash Equivalents received) within 180 days following the closing of the applicable Disposition and (z) any Designated Non-Cash Consideration received in respect of such Disposition having an aggregate fair market value, taken together
with all other Designated Non-Cash Consideration received pursuant to this clause (z) that is at that time outstanding, not in excess of the greater of $70,500,000 and 30% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA as of the last day of the most
recently ended Test Period, in each case, shall be deemed to be Cash); provided, further, that (x) immediately prior to and after giving effect to such Disposition, as determined on the date on which the agreement governing such
Disposition is executed, no Event of Default under Section 7.01(a), (f) or (g) exists and (y) the Net Proceeds of such Disposition shall be applied and/or reinvested as (and to the extent) required by
Section 2.11(b)(ii); 

(i) to the extent that (i) the relevant property is exchanged for credit against the
purchase price of similar replacement property or (ii) the proceeds of the relevant Disposition are promptly applied to the purchase price of such replacement property; 

(j) Dispositions of Investments in joint ventures to the extent required by, or made pursuant to, buy/sell arrangements between
joint venture or similar parties set forth in the relevant joint venture arrangements and/or similar binding arrangements; 

(k) Dispositions of notes receivable or accounts receivable in the ordinary course of business (including any discount and/or
forgiveness thereof) or in connection with the collection or compromise thereof; 

(l) Dispositions and/or terminations of
leases, subleases, licenses or sublicenses (including the provision of software under any open source license), (i) the Disposition or termination of which will not materially interfere with the business of the Borrower and its Restricted
Subsidiaries or (ii) which relate to closed facilities or the discontinuation of any product line; 

(m) (i) any
termination of any lease in the ordinary course of business, (ii) any expiration of any option agreement in respect of real or personal property and (iii) any surrender or waiver of contractual rights or the settlement, release or
surrender of contractual rights or litigation claims (including in tort) in the ordinary course of business; 

(n)
Dispositions of property subject to foreclosure, casualty, eminent domain or condemnation proceedings (including in lieu thereof or any similar proceeding); 

(o) Dispositions or consignments of equipment, inventory or other assets (including leasehold interests in real property) with
respect to facilities that are temporarily not in use, held for sale or closed; 

132 

(p) to the extent constituting a Disposition, the consummation of the
Transaction; 

(q) Dispositions of non-core assets acquired in connection with any acquisition permitted hereunder and sales
of Real Estate Assets acquired in any acquisition permitted hereunder which, within 90 days of the date of such acquisition, are designated in writing to the Administrative Agent as being held for sale and not for the continued operation of the
Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any of their respective businesses; provided that no Event of Default exists on the date on which the definitive agreement governing the relevant Disposition is executed; 

(r) exchanges or swaps, including transactions covered by Section 1031 of the Code (or any comparable provision of any
foreign jurisdiction), of assets so long as any such exchange or swap is made for fair value (as reasonably determined by the Borrower) for like assets; 

(s) Dispositions of assets that do not constitute Collateral; 

(t) (i) licensing, sublicensing and cross-licensing arrangements involving any IP Rights of the Borrower or any Restricted
Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business and (ii) Dispositions, abandonments, cancellations or lapses of IP Rights, or issuances or registrations, or applications for issuances or registrations, of IP Rights, which, in the reasonable
business judgment of the Borrower, are not material to the conduct of the business of the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries, or are no longer economical to maintain in light of its use; 

(u) terminations or unwinds of Derivative Transactions; 

(v) Dispositions of Capital Stock of, or sales of Indebtedness or other Securities of, Unrestricted Subsidiaries; 

(w) Dispositions of Real Estate Assets and related assets in the ordinary course of business in connection with relocation
activities for directors, officers, employees, members of management, managers or consultants of any Parent Company, the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary; 

(x) Dispositions made to comply with any order of any Governmental Authority or any applicable Requirement of Law; 

(y) any merger, consolidation, Disposition or conveyance the sole purpose of which is to reincorporate or reorganize
(i) any Domestic Subsidiary in another jurisdiction in the U.S. and/or (ii) any Foreign Subsidiary in the U.S. or any other jurisdiction; 

(z) any sale of motor vehicles and information technology equipment purchased at the end of an operating lease and resold
thereafter; 

(aa) Dispositions involving assets having a fair market value (as reasonably determined by the Borrower at the
time of the relevant Disposition) of not more than the greater of $35,250,000 and 15% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Fiscal Year in any Fiscal Year, which, if not used in such Fiscal Year, shall be
carried forward to succeeding Fiscal Years; 

(bb) any Disposition of Securitization Assets to a Securitization Subsidiary;
provided, that such Disposition shall be for no less than the fair market value of such property at the time of such Disposition as determined by the Borrower in good faith; and 

(cc) any Disposition of Securitization Assets or related assets in connection with any Qualified Securitization Financing. 

133 

To the extent that any Collateral is Disposed of as expressly permitted by this
Section 6.07 to any Person other than a Loan Party, such Collateral shall be sold free and clear of the Liens created by the Loan Documents, which Liens shall be automatically released upon the consummation of such Disposition; it being
understood and agreed that the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to take, and shall take, any actions deemed appropriate in order to effect the foregoing in accordance with Article 8 hereof. 

Section 6.08. [Reserved]. 

Section 6.09. Transactions with Affiliates. The Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to,
enter into any transaction (including the purchase, sale, lease or exchange of any property or the rendering of any service) involving payment in excess of the greater of $35,250,000 and 15% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA as of the last day of the
most recently ended Test Period with any of their respective Affiliates on terms that are less favorable to the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be (as reasonably determined by the Borrower), than those that might be obtained
at the time in a comparable arms-length transaction from a Person who is not an Affiliate; provided that the foregoing restriction shall not apply to: 

(a) any transaction between or among the Borrower and/or one or more Restricted Subsidiaries (or any entity that becomes a
Restricted Subsidiary as a result of such transaction) to the extent permitted or not restricted by this Agreement; 

(b)
any issuance, sale or grant of securities or other payments, awards or grants in cash, securities or otherwise pursuant to, or the funding of employment arrangements, stock options and stock ownership plans approved by the board of directors (or
equivalent governing body) of any Parent Company or of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary; 

(c) (i) any
collective bargaining, employment or severance agreement or compensatory (including profit sharing) arrangement entered into by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries with their respective current or former officers, directors, members
of management, managers, employees, consultants or independent contractors or those of any Parent Company, (ii) any subscription agreement or similar agreement pertaining to the repurchase of Capital Stock pursuant to put/call rights or similar
rights with current or former officers, directors, members of management, managers, employees, consultants or independent contractors and (iii) transactions pursuant to any employee compensation, benefit plan, stock option plan or arrangement,
any health, disability or similar insurance plan which covers current or former officers, directors, members of management, managers, employees, consultants or independent contractors or any employment contract or arrangement; 

(d) (i) transactions permitted by Sections 6.01(d), (o) and (ee), 6.04 and
6.06(h), (m), (o), (t), (v), (y), (z) and (aa) and (ii) issuances of Capital Stock and issuances and incurrences of Indebtedness not restricted by this Agreement; 

(e) transactions in existence on the Closing Date and any amendment, modification or extension thereof to the extent such
amendment, modification or extension, taken as a whole, is not (i) materially adverse to the Lenders or (ii) more disadvantageous to the Lenders than the relevant transaction in existence on the Closing Date; 

(f) the payment or reimbursement of all indemnification obligations and expenses owed to any Investor and any of their
respective directors, officers, members of management, managers, employees and consultants whether currently due or paid in respect of accruals from prior periods; 

(g) the Transactions, including the payment of Transaction Costs; 

(h) customary compensation to Affiliates in connection with financial advisory, financing, underwriting or placement services
or in respect of other investment banking activities and other transaction fees, which payments are approved by the majority of the members of the board of directors (or similar governing body) or a majority of the disinterested members of the board
of directors (or similar governing body) of the Borrower in good faith; 

134 

(i) Guarantees permitted by Section 6.01 or
Section 6.06; 

(j) transactions among Holdings, the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries that are otherwise
permitted (or not restricted) under this Article 6; 

(k) the payment of customary fees and reasonable out-of-pocket
costs to, and indemnities provided on behalf of, members of the board of directors (or similar governing body), officers, employees, members of management, managers, consultants and independent contractors of the Borrower and/or any of its
Restricted Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business and, in the case of payments to such Person in such capacity on behalf of any Parent Company, to the extent attributable to the operations of the Borrower or its subsidiaries; 

(l) transactions with customers, clients, suppliers, joint ventures, purchasers or sellers of goods or services or providers of
employees or other labor entered into in the ordinary course of business, which are (i) fair to the Borrower and/or its applicable Restricted Subsidiary in the good faith determination of the board of directors (or similar governing body) of
the Borrower or the senior management thereof or (ii) on terms at least as favorable as might reasonably be obtained from a Person other than an Affiliate; 

(m) the payment of reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses related to registration rights and customary indemnities
provided to shareholders under any shareholder agreement; 

(n) (i) any purchase by Holdings of the Capital Stock of
(or contribution to the equity capital of) the Borrower and (ii) any intercompany loans made by Holdings to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary; 

(o) any transaction in respect of which the Borrower delivers to the Administrative Agent a letter addressed to the board of
directors (or equivalent governing body) of the Borrower from an accounting, appraisal or investment banking firm of nationally recognized standing stating that such transaction is on terms that are no less favorable to the Borrower or the
applicable Restricted Subsidiary than might be obtained at the time in a comparable arms length transaction from a Person who is not an Affiliate; 

(p) the non-exclusive licensing of trademarks, copyrights or other Intellectual Property in the ordinary course of business to
permit the commercial exploitation of Intellectual Property between or among Affiliates and Subsidiaries of the Borrower; 

(q) any Disposition of Securitization Assets or related assets in connection with any Qualified Securitization Financing; 

(r) transactions pursuant to any management or advisory agreement with any Investor, including, so long as no Event of Default
under Sections 7.01(a), 7.01(f) or 7.01(g) exists at the time of such payment, payment of management, monitoring consulting, transaction, oversight, advisory or similar fees payable pursuant thereto; provided that so long as an
Event of Default under Sections 7.01(a), 7.01(f) or 7.01(g) exists such fees shall continue to accrue and shall become payable when the applicable Event of Default under Sections 7.01(a), 7.01(f) or 7.01(g)
no longer exists. 

Section 6.10. Conduct of Business. From and after the Closing Date, the Borrower shall not, nor shall it
permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, engage in any material line of business other than (a) the businesses engaged in by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary on the Closing Date and similar, incidental, complementary, ancillary or
related businesses and (b) such other lines of business to which the Administrative Agent may consent. 

Section 6.11.
Amendments of or Waivers with Respect to Restricted Debt. The Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, amend or otherwise modify the terms of any Restricted Debt (or the documentation governing any
Restricted Debt) (a) if the effect of such amendment or modification, together with all other amendments or modifications made, is materially adverse to the interests of the Lenders (in their capacities as such) or (b) in violation of any
intercreditor agreement related to such debt entered into with the Administrative 

135 

Agent or the subordination terms set forth in the definitive documentation governing any Restricted Debt; provided that, for purposes of clarity, it is understood and agreed that the
foregoing limitation shall not otherwise prohibit any Refinancing Indebtedness or any other replacement, refinancing, amendment, supplement, modification, extension, renewal, restatement or refunding of any Restricted Debt, in each case, that is
permitted under this Agreement in respect thereof. 

Section 6.12. Fiscal Year. The Borrower shall not change its Fiscal
Year-end to a date other than December 31; provided that the Borrower may, upon written notice to the Administrative Agent, change the Fiscal Year-end of the Borrower to another date, in which case the Borrower and the Administrative
Agent will, and are hereby authorized to, make any adjustments to this Agreement that are necessary to reflect such change in Fiscal Year. 

Section 6.13. Permitted Activities of Holdings. Holdings shall not: 

(a) incur any third party Indebtedness for borrowed money other than (i) the Indebtedness permitted to be incurred by
Holdings under the Loan Documents or otherwise in connection with the Transactions and (ii) Guarantees of Indebtedness or other obligations of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary that are otherwise permitted hereunder; 

(b) create or suffer to exist any Lien on any asset now owned or hereafter acquired by it other than (i) the Liens created
under the Collateral Documents to which it is a party, (ii) any other Lien created in connection with the Transactions, (iii) Permitted Liens on the Collateral that are secured on a pari passu or junior basis with the Secured
Obligations, so long as such Permitted Liens secure Guarantees permitted under clause (a)(ii) above and the underlying Indebtedness subject to such Guarantee is permitted to be secured on the same basis pursuant to Section 6.02
and (iv) Liens of the type permitted under Section 6.02 (other than in respect of debt for borrowed money); or 

(c) consolidate or amalgamate with, or merge with or into, or convey, sell or otherwise transfer all or substantially all of
its assets to, any Person; provided that, so long as no Default or Event of Default exists or would result therefrom, (A) Holdings may consolidate or amalgamate with, or merge with or into, any other Person (other than the Borrower and
any of its Subsidiaries) so long as (i) Holdings is the continuing or surviving Person or (ii) if the Person formed by or surviving any such consolidation, amalgamation or merger is not Holdings (x) the successor Person (such
successor Person, Successor Holdings) expressly assumes all obligations of Holdings under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which Holdings is a party pursuant to a supplement hereto and/or thereto in a form reasonably
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (y) the Borrower delivers a certificate of a Responsible Officer with respect to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in clause (x) of this clause (A) and
(B) Holdings may otherwise convey, sell or otherwise transfer all or substantially all of its assets to any other Person (other than the Borrower and any of its Subsidiaries) so long as (x) no Change of Control results therefrom,
(y) the Person acquiring such assets expressly assumes all of the obligations of Holdings under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which Holdings is a party pursuant to a supplement hereto and/or thereto in a form reasonably
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (z) the Borrower delivers a certificate of a Responsible Officer with respect to the satisfaction of the conditions under clause (x) set forth in this clause (B); provided,
further, that (1) if the conditions set forth in the preceding proviso are satisfied, Successor Holdings will succeed to, and be substituted for, Holdings under this Agreement and (2) it is understood and agreed that Holdings may
convert into another form of entity so long as such conversion does not adversely affect the value of the Loan Guaranty or the Collateral. 

Section 6.14. Financial Covenant. 

(a) First Lien Leverage Ratio. On the last day of any Test Period on which the Revolving Facility Test Condition is then
satisfied (it being understood and agreed that this Section 6.14(a) shall not apply until the last day of the second full Fiscal Quarter ending after the Closing Date), the Borrower shall not permit the First Lien Leverage Ratio to be
greater than 6.25:1.00. 

136 

(b) Financial Cure. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
Agreement (including Article 7), upon the occurrence of an Event of Default as a result of the Borrowers failure to comply with Section 6.14(a) above for any Fiscal Quarter, the Borrower shall have the right (the
Cure Right) (at any time during such Fiscal Quarter or thereafter until the date that is 15 Business Days after the date on which financial statements for such Fiscal Quarter are required to be delivered pursuant to
Section 5.01(a) or (b), as applicable) to issue Qualified Capital Stock or other equity (such other equity to be on terms reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent) for Cash or otherwise receive Cash contributions in
respect of its Qualified Capital Stock (the Cure Amount), and thereupon the Borrowers compliance with Section 6.14(a) shall be recalculated giving effect to a pro forma increase in the amount of Consolidated
Adjusted EBITDA by an amount equal to the Cure Amount (notwithstanding the absence of a related addback in the definition of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA) solely for the purpose of determining compliance with Section 6.14(a)
as of the end of such Fiscal Quarter and for applicable subsequent periods that include such Fiscal Quarter. If, after giving effect to the foregoing recalculation (but not, for the avoidance of doubt, taking into account any immediate repayment of
Indebtedness in connection therewith), the requirements of Section 6.14(a) would be satisfied, then the requirements of Section 6.14(a) shall be deemed satisfied as of the end of the relevant Fiscal Quarter with the same
effect as though there had been no failure to comply therewith at such date, and the applicable breach or default of Section 6.14(a) that had occurred (or would have occurred) shall be deemed cured for the purposes of this Agreement.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) in each four consecutive Fiscal Quarter period there shall be at least two Fiscal Quarters (which may, but are not required to be, consecutive) in which the Cure Right is not exercised,
(ii) during the term of this Agreement, the Cure Right shall not be exercised more than five times, (iii) the Cure Amount shall be no greater than the amount required for the purpose of complying with Section 6.14(a),
(iv) following written notice from the Borrower to the Administrative Agent that the Borrower intends to exercise a cure right (a Notice of Intent to Cure), until the 15th Business Day following the date on which financial
statements for the Fiscal Quarter to which such Notice of Intent to Cure relates are required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b), as applicable, neither the Administrative Agent (nor any sub-agent therefor) nor any
Lender shall exercise any right to accelerate the Loans or terminate the Revolving Credit Commitments, and none of the Administrative Agent (nor any sub-agent therefor) nor any Lender or Secured Party shall exercise any right to foreclose on or take
possession of the Collateral or any other right or remedy under the Loan Documents solely on the basis of the relevant Event of Default under Section 6.14(a), (v) there shall be no pro forma reduction of the amount of Indebtedness
by the amount of any Cure Amount for purposes of determining compliance with Section 6.14(a) for the Fiscal Quarter in respect of which the Cure Right was exercised (other than, with respect to any future period, to the extent of any
portion of such Cure Amount that is actually applied to repay Indebtedness), (vi) during any Test Period in which any Cure Amount is included in the calculation of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA as a result of any exercise of the Cure Right, such
Cure Amount shall be disregarded for purposes of determining (x) whether any financial ratio-based condition to the availability of any carve-out or any basket set forth in Article 6 of this Agreement has been satisfied or (y) the
Applicable Rate or the Commitment Fee Rate and (vii) no Revolving Lender or Issuing Bank shall be required to make any Revolving Loan or issue any Letter of Credit from and after such time as the Administrative Agent shall have received a
Notice of Intent to Cure until the Cure Amount is actually received. 

ARTICLE 7 

EVENTS OF DEFAULT 

Section 7.01. Events of Default. If any of the following events (each, an Event of Default) shall occur: 

(a) Failure To Make Payments When Due. Failure by the Borrower to pay (i) any installment of principal of any Loan
when due, whether at stated maturity, by acceleration, by notice of voluntary prepayment, by mandatory prepayment or otherwise; or (ii) any interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount due hereunder within five Business Days after the
date due; or 

(b) Default in Other Agreements. (i) Failure by the Borrower or any of its Restricted
Subsidiaries to pay when due any principal of or interest on or any other amount payable in respect of one or more items of Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness referred to in clause (a) above) with an aggregate outstanding principal
amount exceeding the Threshold Amount, in each case beyond the grace period, if any, provided therefor; or (ii) breach or default by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries with respect to any other term of (A) one or more items
of Indebtedness with an aggregate outstanding principal amount exceeding the Threshold Amount or (B) any loan agreement, mortgage, indenture or other agreement relating to such item(s) of Indebtedness (other than, for the avoidance of doubt,
with respect to Indebtedness consisting of Hedging Obligations, termination events or equivalent events pursuant to the terms of the 

137 

relevant Hedge Agreement which are not the result of any default thereunder by any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary), in each case beyond the grace period, if any, provided therefor, if
the effect of such breach or default is to cause, or to permit the holder or holders of such Indebtedness (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or holders) to cause, with the giving of notice if required, such Indebtedness to become or be
declared due and payable (or redeemable) prior to its stated maturity or the stated maturity of any underlying obligation, as the case may be; provided that clause (ii) of this paragraph (b) shall not apply to secured
Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of the property securing such Indebtedness if such sale or transfer is permitted hereunder; provided, further, that any failure described under
clauses (i) or (ii) above is unremedied and is not waived by the holders of such Indebtedness prior to any termination of the Commitments or acceleration of the Loans pursuant to Article 7; or 

(c) Breach of Certain Covenants. Failure of any Loan Party, as required by the relevant provision, to perform or comply
with any term or condition contained in Section 5.01(e)(i), Section 5.02 (as it applies to the preservation of the existence of the Borrower), or Article 6 (provided that an Event of Default to the extent
resulting from the failure to deliver a notice pursuant to Section 5.01(e)(i) shall cease to exist and be cured in all respects upon the delivery of the applicable notice (unless such notice of Default was deliberately and intentionally
withheld in reliance on the ability to cure) or if the Default or Event of Default giving rise to such notice requirement shall have ceased to exist and/or be cured); provided that, notwithstanding this clause (c), no breach or default
by any Loan Party under Section 6.14(a) will constitute an Event of Default with respect to any Term Loans unless and until the Required Revolving Lenders have accelerated the Revolving Loans, terminated the commitments under the
Revolving Facility and demanded repayment of, or otherwise accelerated, the Indebtedness or other obligations under the Revolving Facility and have not rescinded such demand or acceleration (the Financial Covenant Standstill); it
being understood and agreed that any breach of Section 6.14(a) is subject to cure as provided in Section 6.14(b), and no Event of Default may arise under Section 6.14(a) until the 15th Business Day after the day
on which financial statements are required to be delivered for the relevant Fiscal Quarter under Sections 5.01(a) or (b), as applicable (so long as the Borrower shall have the right to exercise Cure Rights), and then only to the extent
the Cure Amount has not been received on or prior to such date; or 

(d) Breach of Representations, Etc. Any
representation, warranty or certification made or deemed made by any Loan Party in any Loan Document or in any certificate required to be delivered in connection herewith or therewith (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Perfection
Certificate or any Perfection Certificate Supplement) being untrue in any material respect as of the date made or deemed made, and such incorrect representation or warranty (if curable) shall remain incorrect for a period of 30 days after written
notice thereof from the Administrative Agent to the Borrower; it being understood and agreed that any breach of representation, warranty or certification resulting from the failure of the Administrative Agent to file any Uniform Commercial Code
continuation statement shall not result in an Event of Default under this Section 7.01(d) or any other provision of any Loan Document; or 

(e) Other Defaults Under Loan Documents. Default by any Loan Party in the performance of or compliance with any term
contained herein or any of the other Loan Documents, other than any such term referred to in any other Section of this Article 7, which default has not been remedied or waived within 30 days after receipt by the Borrower of written notice
thereof from the Administrative Agent; or 

(f) Involuntary Bankruptcy; Appointment of Receiver, Etc. (i) The
entry by a court of competent jurisdiction of a decree or order for relief in respect of Holdings, the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) in an involuntary case under any Debtor Relief Law now or
hereafter in effect, which decree or order is not stayed; or any other similar relief shall be granted under any applicable federal, state or local Requirements of Law, which relief is not stayed; or (ii) the commencement of an involuntary case
against Holdings, the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) under any Debtor Relief Law; the entry by a court having jurisdiction in the premises of a decree or order for the appointment of a receiver,
receiver and manager, (preliminary) insolvency receiver, liquidator, sequestrator, trustee, administrator, custodian or other officer having similar powers over Holdings, the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Immaterial
Subsidiary), or over all or a material part of its property; or the involuntary appointment of an interim receiver, trustee or other custodian of Holdings, the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) for
all or a material part of its property, which remains, in any case under this clause (f), undismissed, unvacated, unbonded or unstayed pending appeal for 60 consecutive days; or 

138 

(g) Voluntary Bankruptcy; Appointment of Receiver, Etc. (i) The
entry against Holdings, the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) of an order for relief, the commencement by Holdings, the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Immaterial
Subsidiary) of a voluntary case under any Debtor Relief Law, or the consent by Holdings, the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) to the entry of an order for relief in an involuntary case or to the
conversion of an involuntary case to a voluntary case, under any Debtor Relief Law, or the consent by Holdings, the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) to the appointment of or taking possession by a
receiver, receiver and manager, insolvency receiver, liquidator, sequestrator, trustee, administrator, custodian or other like official for or in respect of itself or for all or a material part of its property; (ii) the making by Holdings, the
Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) of a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; or (iii) the admission by Holdings, the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any
Immaterial Subsidiary) in writing of their inability to pay their respective debts as such debts become due; or 

(h)
Judgments and Attachments. The entry or filing of one or more final money judgments, writs or warrants of attachment or similar process against Holdings, the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any of their respective assets
involving in the aggregate at any time an amount in excess of the Threshold Amount (in either case to the extent not adequately covered by indemnity from a third party, by self-insurance (if applicable) or by insurance as to which the relevant third
party insurance company has been notified and not denied coverage), which judgment, writ, warrant or similar process remains unpaid, undischarged, unvacated, unbonded or unstayed pending appeal for a period of 60 consecutive days; or 

(i) Employee Benefit Plans. The occurrence of one or more ERISA Events, which individually or in the aggregate result in
liability of Holdings, the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount which would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; or 

(j) Change of Control. The occurrence of a Change of Control; or 

(k) Guaranties, Collateral Documents and Other Loan Documents. At any time after the execution and delivery thereof,
(i) any material Loan Guaranty for any reason, other than the occurrence of the Termination Date, shall cease to be in full force and effect (other than in accordance with its terms) or shall be declared, by a court of competent jurisdiction,
to be null and void or any Guarantor shall repudiate in writing its obligations thereunder (in each case, other than as a result of the discharge of such Guarantor in accordance with the terms thereof and other than as a result of acts or omissions
by the Administrative Agent or any Lender), (ii) this Agreement or any material Collateral Document ceases to be in full force and effect or shall be declared, by a court of competent jurisdiction, to be null and void or any Lien on Collateral
created under any Collateral Document ceases to be perfected with respect to a material portion of the Collateral (other than solely by reason of (w) such perfection is not required pursuant to the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement, the
Collateral Documents, this Agreement or otherwise, (x) the failure of the Administrative Agent to maintain possession of any Collateral actually delivered to it or the failure of the Administrative Agent to file Uniform Commercial Code
continuation statements, (y) a release of Collateral in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof or (z) the occurrence of the Termination Date or any other termination of such Collateral Document in accordance with the terms thereof) or
(iii) other than bona fide, good faith disputes as to the scope of Collateral or whether any Lien has been, or is required to be released, any Loan Party shall contest in writing, the validity or enforceability of any material provision of any
Loan Document (or any Lien purported to be created by the Collateral Documents or any Loan Guaranty) or deny in writing that it has any further liability (other than by reason of the occurrence of the Termination Date or any other termination of any
other Loan Document in accordance with the terms thereof), including with respect to future advances by the Lenders, under any Loan Document to which it is a party; it being understood and agreed that the failure of the Administrative Agent to file
any Uniform Commercial Code continuation statement shall not result in an Event of Default under this Section 7.01(k) or any other provision of any Loan Document; or 

139 

(l) Subordination. The Obligations ceasing or the assertion in
writing by any Loan Party that the Obligations cease to constitute senior indebtedness under the subordination provisions of any document or instrument evidencing any Junior Indebtedness in excess of the Threshold Amount or any such subordination
provision being invalidated by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final non-appealable order, or otherwise ceasing, for any reason, to be valid, binding and enforceable obligations of the parties thereto; 

then, and in every such event (other than (x) an event with respect to the Borrower described in clause (f) or (g) of this
Article or (y) any Event of Default arising under Section 6.14(a)), and at any time thereafter during the continuance of such event, the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders shall, by notice to the
Borrower, take any of the following actions, at the same or different times: (i) terminate the Revolving Credit Commitments, and thereupon such Commitments shall terminate immediately, (ii) declare the Loans then outstanding to be due and
payable in whole (or in part, in which case any principal not so declared to be due and payable may thereafter be declared to be due and payable), and thereupon the principal of the Loans so declared to be due and payable, together with accrued
interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Borrower accrued hereunder, shall become due and payable immediately, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower and
(iii) require that the Borrower deposit in the LC Collateral Account an additional amount in Cash as reasonably requested by the Issuing Banks (not to exceed 100% of the relevant face amount) of the then outstanding LC Exposure (minus
the amount then on deposit in the LC Collateral Account); provided that (A) upon the occurrence of an event with respect to the Borrower described in clauses (f) or (g) of this Article, any such Commitments
shall automatically terminate and the principal of the Loans then outstanding, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Borrower accrued hereunder, shall automatically become due and payable, without
presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower, and the obligation of the Borrower to Cash collateralize the outstanding Letters of Credit as aforesaid shall automatically become effective,
in each case without further action of the Administrative Agent or any Lender and (B) during the continuance of any Event of Default arising under Section 6.14(a), (X) upon the request of the Required Revolving Lenders (but not
the Required Lenders or any other Lender or group of Lenders), the Administrative Agent shall, by notice to the Borrower, (1) terminate the Revolving Credit Commitments, and thereupon such Revolving Credit Commitments shall terminate
immediately, (2) declare the Revolving Loans then outstanding to be due and payable in whole (or in part, in which case any principal not so declared to be due and payable may thereafter be declared to be due and payable), and thereupon the
principal of the Revolving Loans so declared to be due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Borrower accrued hereunder, shall become due and payable immediately, without presentment, demand,
protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower and (3) require that the Borrower deposit in the LC Collateral Account an additional amount in Cash as reasonably requested by the Issuing Banks (not to exceed
100% of the relevant face amount) of the then outstanding LC Exposure (minus the amount then on deposit in the LC Collateral Account) and (Y) subject to the Financial Covenant Standstill, the Administrative Agent may, and at the request
of the Required Lenders shall, by notice to the Borrower, declare the Loans then outstanding to be due and payable in whole (or in part, in which case any principal not so declared to be due and payable may thereafter be declared to be due and
payable), and thereupon the principal of the Loans so declared to be due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Borrower accrued hereunder, shall become due and payable immediately, without
presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders
shall, exercise any rights and remedies provided to the Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents or at law or equity, including all remedies provided under the UCC. 

ARTICLE 8 

THE ADMINISTRATIVE
AGENT 

Section 8.01. Agents.

Each of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks hereby irrevocably appoints BofA (or any successor appointed pursuant hereto) as Administrative
Agent and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf, including execution of the other Loan Documents, and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms of the Loan Documents, together
with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. 

140 

Any Person serving as Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers
in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent, and the term Lender or Lenders shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated, unless the context
otherwise requires or unless such Person is in fact not a Lender, include each Person serving as Administrative Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, act as the financial
advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of business with any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of any Loan Party or other Affiliate thereof as if it were not the Administrative Agent hereunder. The Lenders
acknowledge that, pursuant to such activities, the Administrative Agent or its Affiliates may receive information regarding any Loan Party or any of its Affiliates (including information that may be subject to confidentiality obligations in favor of
such Loan Party or such Affiliate) and acknowledge that the Administrative Agent shall not be under any obligation to provide such information to them. 

The Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth in the Loan Documents. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, (a) the Administrative Agent shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default or Event of Default exists, and the use of the term agent herein and in the
other Loan Documents with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable Requirements of Law; it being understood that such
term is used merely as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between independent contracting parties, (b) the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to take any discretionary
action or exercise any discretionary power, except discretionary rights and powers that are expressly contemplated by the Loan Documents and which the Administrative Agent is required to exercise in writing as directed by the Required Lenders or
Required Revolving Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary under the relevant circumstances as provided in Section 9.02); provided that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to
take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable Requirements of Law, and (c) except as expressly set forth in the Loan
Documents, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that is communicated to or obtained by the
Person serving as Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. The Administrative Agent shall not be liable to the Lenders or any other Secured Party for any action taken or not taken by it with the consent or at the request of the
Required Lenders or Required Revolving Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as is necessary, or as the Administrative Agent believes in good faith shall be necessary, under the relevant circumstances as provided in
Section 9.02) or in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct, as determined by the final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction, in connection with its duties expressly set forth herein. The Administrative
Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge of any Default or Event of Default unless and until written notice thereof is given to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower or any Lender, and the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or
have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with any Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or in connection
with any Loan Document, (iii) the performance or observance of any covenant, agreement or other term or condition set forth in any Loan Document or the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability,
effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document, (v) the creation, perfection or priority of any Lien on the Collateral or the existence, value or sufficiency of the Collateral or to assure that
the Liens granted to the Administrative Agent pursuant to any Loan Document have been or will continue to be properly or sufficiently or lawfully created, perfected or enforced or are entitled to any particular priority, (vi) the satisfaction
of any condition set forth in Article 4 or elsewhere in any Loan Document, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent or (vii) any property, book or record of any Loan Party or
any Affiliate thereof. 

Each Secured Party acknowledges and agrees that the Administrative Agent may from time to time use one or more
outside service providers for the tracking of all UCC financing statements (and/or other collateral related filings and registrations from time to time) required to be filed or recorded pursuant to the Loan Documents and the notification to the
Administrative Agent, of, among other things, the upcoming lapse or expiration thereof. The Secured Parties agree that the Administrative Agent shall not be liable to the Secured Parties for any action taken or not taken by any such service
provider. 

141 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any of the other Loan
Documents, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and each Secured Party agree that (i) no Secured Party shall have any right individually to realize upon any of the Collateral or to enforce the Loan Guaranty; it being understood that any
realization upon the Collateral or enforcement on any Loan Guaranty against the Loan Parties pursuant hereto or pursuant to any Loan Document may be exercised solely by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties in accordance with the
terms hereof or thereof, and (ii) in the event of a foreclosure by the Administrative Agent on any of the Collateral pursuant to a public or private sale or in the event of any other Disposition (including pursuant to Section 363 of the
Bankruptcy Code), (A) the Administrative Agent, as agent for and representative of the Secured Parties, shall be entitled, for the purpose of bidding and making settlement or payment of the purchase price for all or any portion of the
Collateral sold at any such sale, to use and apply all or any portion of the Obligations as a credit on account of the purchase price for any Collateral payable by the Administrative Agent at such Disposition and (B) the Administrative Agent or
any Lender may be the purchaser or licensor of all or any portion of such Collateral at any such Disposition. 

No holder of any Secured
Hedging Obligation or Banking Services Obligation in its respective capacity as such shall have any rights in connection with the management or release of any Collateral or of the obligations of any Loan Party under this Agreement. 

Each Secured Party agrees that the Administrative Agent may in its sole discretion, but is under no obligation to, credit bid any part of the
Secured Obligations or to purchase or retain or acquire any portion of the Collateral. 

The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely
upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) that
it believes to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper
Person and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan, or the issuance of a Letter of Credit, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender
or the applicable Issuing Bank, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender unless the Administrative Agent has received notice to the contrary from such Lender or Issuing Bank prior to the making of such
Loan or the issuance of such Letter of Credit. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrower), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or
not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. 

The Administrative Agent may perform any and
all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by it. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of their respective duties and exercise their respective rights
and powers through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article 8 shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent and shall apply to their
respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as the Administrative Agent. The Secured Parties agree that the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible to the Secured
Parties for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agent except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and nonappealable judgment that such Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct
in the selection of such sub-agent. 

The Administrative Agent may resign at any time by giving ten days written notice to the
Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Borrower; provided that if no successor agent is appointed in accordance with the terms set forth below within such 10-day period, the Administrative Agents resignation shall not be effective until the
earlier to occur of (x) the date of the appointment of the successor agent or (y) the date that is twenty (20) days after the last day of such 10-day period. If the Administrative Agent is a Defaulting Lender or an Affiliate of a
Defaulting Lender, either the Required Lenders or the Borrower may, upon ten days notice, remove the Administrative Agent; provided that if no successor agent is appointed in accordance with the terms set forth below within such 10-day
period, the 

142 

Administrative Agents removal shall, at the option of the Borrower, not be effective until the earlier to occur of (x) the date of the appointment of the successor agent or
(y) the date that is twenty (20) days after the last day of such 10-day period. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation or delivery of any such notice of removal, the Required Lenders shall have the right, with the consent of the
Borrower (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), to appoint a successor Administrative Agent which shall be a commercial bank or trust company with offices in the U.S. having combined capital and surplus in excess of $1,000,000,000;
provided that during the existence of an Event of Default under Section 7.01(a) or, with respect to any Borrower, Section 7.01(f) or (g), no consent of the Borrower shall be required. If no successor has been
appointed as provided above and accepted such appointment within ten days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation or the Administrative Agent receives notice of removal, then (a) in the case of a retirement, the
retiring Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to), on behalf of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks, appoint a successor Administrative Agent meeting the qualifications set forth above (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the
consent of the Borrower) or (b) in the case of a removal, the Borrower may, after consulting with the Required Lenders, appoint a successor Administrative Agent meeting the qualifications set forth above; provided that (x) in the
case of a retirement, if the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks that no qualifying Person has accepted such appointment or (y) in the case of a removal, the Borrower notifies the Required Lenders that
no qualifying Person has accepted such appointment, then, in each case, such resignation or removal shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with the provisos to the first two sentences in this paragraph and (i) the retiring or removed
Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (except that in the case of any collateral security held by the Administrative Agent in its capacity as collateral agent for the
Secured Parties for purposes of maintaining the perfection of the Lien on the Collateral securing the Secured Obligations, the retiring Administrative Agent shall continue to hold such collateral security until such time as a successor
Administrative Agent is appointed) and (ii) all payments, communications and determinations required to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender and each Issuing Bank directly (and each
Lender and each Issuing Bank will cooperate with the Borrower to enable the Borrower to take such actions), until such time as the Required Lenders or the Borrower, as applicable, appoint a successor Administrative Agent, as provided above in this
Article 8. Upon the acceptance of its appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder as a successor Administrative Agent, the successor Administrative Agent shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties
of the retiring or removed Administrative Agent (other than any rights to indemnity payments owed to the retiring Administrative Agent), and the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder
(other than its obligations under Section 9.13 hereof). The fees payable by the Borrower to any successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such
successor Administrative Agent. After the Administrative Agents resignation or removal hereunder, the provisions of this Article and Section 9.03 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring or removed Administrative
Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any action taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the relevant Person was acting as Administrative Agent (including for this purpose holding any collateral security
following the retirement or removal of the Administrative Agent). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Disqualified Institution (nor any Affiliate thereof) may be appointed as a successor Administrative Agent. 

Each Lender and each Issuing Bank acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other
Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender and each Issuing Bank also acknowledges that it
will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their respective Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its
own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. Each Lender and Issuing Bank acknowledges that neither the
Administrative Agent nor any Affiliate thereof has made any representation or warranty to it. Except for notices, reports and other documents expressly required to be furnished to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks by the Administrative Agent herein,
the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty or responsibility to provide any Lender or any Issuing Bank with any credit or other information concerning the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition or
creditworthiness of any of the Loan Parties or any of their respective Affiliates which may come into the possession of the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties. 

143 

Each Lender, by delivering its signature page to this Agreement or an Assignment and
Assumption and funding its Loan or assignment, shall be deemed to have acknowledged receipt of, and consented to and approved, each Loan Document and each other document required to be approved by the Administrative Agent, the Required Lenders or
the Lenders, as applicable, on the Closing Date or, in the case of a Lender that becomes party hereto by Assignment and Assumption, thereafter and prior to the effectiveness of such Assignment and Assumption. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Arrangers and their respective Affiliates shall not have any right, power, obligation,
liability, responsibility or duty under this Agreement, except in their respective capacities as the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender, an Issuing Bank or a Lender hereunder, as applicable. 

Each Secured Party hereby further authorizes the Administrative Agent, on behalf of and for the benefit of the Secured Parties, to be the
agent for and representative of the Secured Parties with respect to the Loan Guaranty, the Collateral and the Loan Documents; provided that the Administrative Agent shall not owe any fiduciary duty, duty of loyalty, duty of care, duty of disclosure
or any other obligation whatsoever to any holder of Obligations with respect to any Secured Hedging Obligations or Banking Services Obligations. 

The Secured Parties agree that the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have a duty to the Secured Parties to ascertain or
inquire into any representation or warranty regarding the existence, value or collectability of the Collateral, the existence, priority or perfection (or continued perfection) of the Administrative Agents Lien thereon, or any certificate
prepared by any Loan Party in connection therewith, nor shall the Administrative Agent be responsible or liable to the Lenders for any failure to monitor or maintain any portion of the Collateral. 

Each Secured Party irrevocably authorizes the Administrative Agent to: 

(a) release any Lien on any property granted to or held by Administrative Agent under any Loan Document (i) upon the
occurrence of the Termination Date, (ii) that is sold or to be sold or transferred as part of or in connection with any sale, transfer or other Disposition permitted under the Loan Documents to a Person that is not a Loan Party, (iii) that
does not constitute (or ceases to constitute) Collateral (including upon becoming an Excluded Asset) as a result of a transaction permitted under the Loan Documents, (iv) if the property subject to such Lien is owned by a Subsidiary Guarantor,
upon the release of such Subsidiary Guarantor from its Loan Guaranty otherwise in accordance with the Loan Documents, (v) as required under clause (d) below or (vi) if approved, authorized or ratified in writing by the Required
Lenders in accordance with Section 9.02; 

(b) subject to Section 9.22, release any Subsidiary
Guarantor from its obligations under the Loan Guaranty if such Person ceases to be a Restricted Subsidiary (or becomes an Excluded Subsidiary as a result of a single transaction or series of related transactions permitted hereunder); provided that
if any Subsidiary Guarantor becomes an Excluded Subsidiary pursuant to clause (a) of the definition thereof, such Subsidiary Guarantor shall not be released from its Loan Guaranty unless after giving pro forma effect to such release and the
consummation of the relevant transaction, the Borrower is deemed to have made a new Investment in such Person (as if such Person was then newly acquired) and such Investment must not be otherwise prohibited by the Loan Documents; it being understood
that this proviso shall not limit the release of any Subsidiary Guarantor that otherwise constitutes an Excluded Subsidiary for any reason other than pursuant to clause (a) of the definition thereof (this proviso, the Specified
Guarantor Release Provision); 

(c) subordinate any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Administrative
Agent under any Loan Document to the holder of any Lien on such property that is permitted by Sections 6.02(d), 6.02(e), 6.02(g)(i), 6.02(l), 6.02(m), 6.02(n), 6.02(o)(i) (other than any Lien on
the Capital Stock of any Subsidiary Guarantor), 6.02(q), 6.02(r) (to the extent the relevant Lien is of the type to which the Lien of the Administrative Agent is otherwise required to be subordinated under this clause
(c) pursuant to any of the other exceptions to Section 6.02 that are expressly included in this clause (c)), 6.02(x), 6.02(y), 6.02(z)(i), 6.02(bb), 6.02(cc), 6.02(ee),
6.02(ff) and 6.02(gg) (and any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of any thereof to the extent such Refinancing Indebtedness is permitted to be secured under Section 6.02(k)); provided, that the subordination of any
Lien on any property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent shall only be required with respect to any Lien on such property that is permitted by Sections 6.02(l), 6.02(o), 6.02(q), 6.02(r) and/or 6.02(bb)
to the extent that the Lien of the Administrative Agent with respect to such property is required to be subordinated to the relevant Permitted Lien in accordance with the documentation governing the Indebtedness that is secured by such Permitted
Lien; and 

144 

(d) enter into subordination, intercreditor and/or similar agreements with
respect to Indebtedness (including any Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement and/or any amendment to the foregoing in accordance with Section 9.02) that is (i) required or permitted to be subordinated hereunder and/or (ii) secured
by Liens, and with respect to which Indebtedness, this Agreement contemplates an intercreditor, subordination, collateral trust agreement or similar agreement. 

Upon the request of the Administrative Agent at any time, the Required Lenders will confirm in writing the Administrative Agents
authority to release or subordinate its interest in particular types or items of property, or to release any Loan Party from its obligations under the Loan Guaranty or its Lien on any Collateral pursuant to this Article 8. In each case as
specified in this Article 8, the Administrative Agent will (and each Lender, and each Issuing Bank hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to), at the Borrowers expense, execute and deliver to the applicable Loan Party such documents
as such Loan Party may reasonably request to evidence the release of such item of Collateral from the assignment and security interest granted under the Collateral Documents, to subordinate its interest therein, or to release such Loan Party from
its obligations under the Loan Guaranty, in each case in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents and this Article 8; provided, that upon the request of the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall deliver a certificate of a
Responsible Officer certifying that the relevant transaction has been consummated in compliance with the terms of this Agreement. Any execution and delivery of documents pursuant to this paragraph shall be without recourse to or warranty by the
Administrative Agent. 

The Administrative Agent is authorized to enter into any Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement and any other
intercreditor, subordination, collateral trust or similar agreement contemplated hereby, in each case, on terms reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, with respect to any (a) Indebtedness permitted hereby (i) that is
(A) required or permitted to be subordinated hereunder and (B) secured by Liens permitted hereby and (ii) which contemplates an intercreditor, subordination or collateral trust agreement and/or (b) Secured Hedging Obligations
and/or Banking Services Obligations, whether or not constituting Indebtedness (any such other intercreditor agreement an Additional Agreement), and the Secured Parties party hereto acknowledge that any Additional Agreement is
binding upon them. Each Secured Party party hereto hereby (a) agrees that it will be bound by, and will not take any action contrary to, the provisions of any Additional Agreement and (b) authorizes the Administrative Agent to enter into
any Additional Agreement and to subject the Liens on the Collateral securing the Secured Obligations to the provisions thereof. The foregoing provisions are intended as an inducement to the Secured Parties to extend credit to the Borrower, and the
Secured Parties are intended third-party beneficiaries of such provisions and the provisions of any Additional Agreement. 

To the extent
that the Administrative Agent (or any Affiliate thereof) is not reimbursed and indemnified by the Borrower in accordance with and to the extent required by Section 9.03(b) hereof, the Lenders will reimburse and indemnify the
Administrative Agent (and any Affiliate thereof) in proportion to their respective Applicable Percentages (determined as if there were no Defaulting Lenders) for and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, claims,
actions, judgments, costs, expenses or disbursements of whatsoever kind or nature which may be imposed on, asserted against or incurred by the Administrative Agent (or any Affiliate thereof) in performing its duties hereunder or under any other Loan
Document or in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement or any other Loan Document (in all cases, whether or not caused or arising, in whole or in part, out of the comparative, contributory or sole negligence of the Administrative Agent
or any Affiliate thereof); provided that no Lender shall be liable for any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, claims, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements resulting from the
Administrative Agents (or such affiliates) gross negligence or willful misconduct (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable decision). The agreements in this paragraph shall survive the payment of
the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. 

To the extent required by any applicable Requirements of Law (as determined in good
faith by the Administrative Agent), the Administrative Agent may withhold from any payment to any Lender under any Loan Document an amount equivalent to any applicable withholding Tax. Without limiting or expanding the provisions of
Section 2.17, each Lender shall indemnify and hold harmless the Administrative Agent against, and shall make payable 

145 

in respect thereof within 10 days after demand therefor, any and all Taxes and any and all related losses, claims, liabilities and expenses (including fees, charges and disbursements of any
counsel for the Administrative Agent) incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent by the IRS or any other Governmental Authority as a result of the failure of the Administrative Agent to properly withhold Tax from amounts paid to or for
the account of such Lender for any reason (including because the appropriate form was not delivered or not properly executed, or because such Lender failed to notify the Administrative Agent of a change in circumstance that rendered the exemption
from, or reduction of, withholding Tax ineffective). A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the
Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under this Agreement or any other Loan Document against any amount due the Administrative Agent under this paragraph. The agreements in this paragraph
shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, any Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any
Loan Document. For the avoidance of doubt, the term Lender shall, for all purposes of this paragraph, include any Issuing Bank and the Swingline Lender. 

Section 8.02. Erroneous Payments. Without limitation of any other provision in this Agreement, if at any time the Administrative
Agent makes a payment hereunder in error to any Lender Party, whether or not in respect of an Obligation due and owing by the Borrower at such time, where such payment is a Rescindable Amount, then in any such event, each Lender Party receiving a
Rescindable Amount severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the Rescindable Amount received by such Lender Party in immediately available funds in the currency so received, with interest thereon, for each day from
and including the date such Rescindable Amount is received by it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance
with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. Each Lender Party irrevocably waives any and all defenses, including any discharge for value (under which a creditor might otherwise claim a right to retain funds mistakenly paid by
a third party in respect of a debt owed by another) or similar defense to its obligation to return any Rescindable Amount. The Administrative Agent shall inform each Lender Party promptly upon determining that any payment made to such Lender
Party comprised, in whole or in part, a Rescindable Amount. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, neither any Loan Party nor any of its respective Affiliates (other than any Affiliate Lender or Debt
Fund Affiliate in its capacity as a Lender Party) shall have any obligation or liabilities for any actions, consequences or remediation (including the repayment of any amounts) contemplated by this Section 8.02 or Section 2.18(d)
(including any Rescindable Amount); provided that under no circumstances shall this Section 8.02 or Section 2.18(d) affect the obligations or liabilities of any Loan Party or any of its respective Affiliates (other than any
Affiliate Lender or Debt Fund Affiliate in its capacity as a Lender Party) with respect to any Obligations that remain outstanding. 

ARTICLE 9 

MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 9.01. Notices. 

(a) Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and subject to paragraph
(b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by facsimile or email, as follows: 

(i) if to any Loan Party, to such Loan Party in the care of the Borrower at: 

CCC Intelligent Solutions Inc. 

167 N Green St, Floor 9 

Chicago,
IL 60607 

Attention: Katie Coleman 

Email: [***] 

146 

with copies to (which shall not constitute notice to any Loan Party): 

Advent International Corporation 

12 East 49th Street, 45th Floor 

New York, NY 10017 

Attention:
Ken Prince 

Email: [***] 

Facsimile: [***] 

and 

Kirkland & Ellis LLP 

601 Lexington Avenue 

New York,
NY 10022 

Attention: Jay Ptashek 

Email: jay.ptashek@kirkland.com 

Telephone: (212) 446-4747 

Facsimile: (212) 446-4900 

(ii) if to the Administrative Agent, at: 

Administrative Agents Office (For payments and Requests for Credit Extensions):

Bank of America, N.A. 

Building B

7105 CORPORATE DR 

Mail
Code: TX2-981-02-29 

PLANO, TX 75024 

Attention: Amreen Taher 

Telephone: [***] 

E-Mail: [***]

Other Notices as Administrative Agent:

Bank of America, N.A. 

Agency
Management 

540 W Madison St 

Mail Code: IL4-540-22-29 

Chicago, IL 60661 

Attention: Angela Larkin 

Telephone: [***] 

Telecopier: [***] 

E-Mail: [***] 

(iii) if to BofA in its capacity as an Issuing Bank, at: 

Bank of America, N.A. 

as Issuing
Bank 

Trade Operations 

1
Fleet Way 

Mail Code: PA6-580-02-30 

Scranton, PA 18507 

Facsimile:
[***] 

Electronic Mail: [***] 

(iv) if to any Lender or Issuing Bank, to it at its address or facsimile number set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire.

147 

All such notices and other communications (A) sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by
certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when delivered in person or by courier service and signed for against receipt thereof or three Business Days after dispatch if sent by certified or registered mail, in each case,
delivered, sent or mailed (properly addressed) to the relevant party as provided in this Section 9.01 or in accordance with the latest unrevoked direction from such party given in accordance with this Section 9.01 or
(B) sent by facsimile shall be deemed to have been given when sent and when receipt has been confirmed by telephone; provided that notices and other communications sent by telecopier shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except
that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, such notices or other communications shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient). Notices and other communications
delivered through electronic communications to the extent provided in clause (b) below shall be effective as provided in such clause (b). 

(b) Notices and other communications to the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communications (including e-mail and
Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures set forth herein or otherwise approved by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent or the Borrower (on behalf of any Loan Party) may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and
other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures set forth herein or otherwise approved by it; provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. All such
notices and other communications (i) sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the senders receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as
available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement); provided that any such notice or communication not given during the normal business hours of the recipient shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next
Business Day for the recipient and (ii) posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (b)(i) of
notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor. 

(c) Any party hereto may change
its address or facsimile number or other notice information hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto; it being understood and agreed that the Borrower may provide any such notice to the Administrative Agent as recipient on behalf of itself,
each Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender and each Lender. 

(d) Each of Holdings and the Borrower hereby acknowledges that (a) the
Administrative Agent will make available to the Lenders and the Issuing Bank materials and/or information provided by, or on behalf of, Holdings or the Borrower hereunder (collectively, the Borrower Materials) by posting the
Borrower Materials on the Platform and (b) certain of the Lenders may be public-side Lenders (i.e., Lenders that do not wish to receive material nonpublic information within the meaning of the United States federal securities laws
with respect to Holdings, the Borrower or their respective securities) (each, a Public Lender). At the request of the Arrangers, each of Holdings and the Borrower hereby agrees that (i) all Borrower Materials that are to be
made available to Public Lenders shall be clearly and conspicuously marked PUBLIC, (ii) by marking Borrower Materials PUBLIC, Holdings and the Borrower shall be deemed to have authorized the Administrative Agent and the
Lenders to treat such Borrower Materials as information of a type that would (x) customarily be made publicly available (or could be derived from publicly available information), as determined in good faith by the Borrower, if Holdings or the
Borrower were to become public reporting companies or (y) would not be material with respect to Holdings, the Borrower, their respective subsidiaries, any of their respective securities or the Transactions as determined in good faith by the
Borrower for purposes of United States federal securities laws and (iii) the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to treat any Borrower Materials that are not marked PUBLIC as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the
Platform not marked as Public Investor. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the following Borrower Materials shall be deemed to be marked PUBLIC, unless the Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent promptly that any such
document contains material nonpublic information: (1) the Loan Documents, (2) any notification of changes in the terms of the Credit Facilities and (3) all information delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b).

Each Public Lender agrees to cause at least one individual at or on behalf of such Public Lender to at all times have selected the
Private Side Information or similar designation on the content declaration screen of the Platform in order to enable such Public Lender or its delegate, in accordance with such Public Lenders compliance procedures and applicable
law, including United States Federal and state securities laws, to make reference to communications that are not made available through the Public Side Information portion of the Platform and that may contain material non-public
information with respect to the Borrower or its securities for purposes of United States Federal or state securities laws. 

148 

THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE. NEITHER THE
ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT NOR ANY OF ITS RELATED PARTIES WARRANTS THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE COMMUNICATIONS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM AND EACH EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS LIABILITY FOR ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE COMMUNICATIONS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY
KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD-PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS IS MADE BY THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR ANY OF ITS
RELATED PARTIES IN CONNECTION WITH THE COMMUNICATIONS OR THE PLATFORM. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR ANY OF ITS RELATED PARTIES HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO ANY LOAN PARTY, ANY LENDER OR ANY OTHER PERSON FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER OR
NOT BASED ON STRICT LIABILITY AND INCLUDING DIRECT OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOSSES OR EXPENSES (WHETHER IN TORT, CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF ANY LOAN PARTYS OR THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENTS
TRANSMISSION OF COMMUNICATIONS THROUGH THE INTERNET, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THE LIABILITY OF ANY SUCH PERSON IS FOUND IN A FINAL RULING BY A COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION TO HAVE RESULTED FROM SUCH PERSONS GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL
MISCONDUCT. 

Section 9.02. Waivers; Amendments 

. 

(a) No failure or delay by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender in exercising any right or power hereunder
or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof except as provided herein or in any Loan Document, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such
a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power. The rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders hereunder and under any other Loan Document are
cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have. No waiver of any provision of any Loan Document or consent to any departure by any party hereto therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same is
permitted by this Section 9.02, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, to the extent permitted by applicable
Requirements of Law, neither the making of any Loan nor the issuance of any Letter of Credit shall be construed as a waiver of any Default or Event of Default, regardless of whether the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank may have
had notice or knowledge of such Default or Event of Default at the time. 

(b) Subject to this Section 9.02(b)
and Sections 9.02(c) and (d) below and to Section 9.05(f), neither this Agreement nor any other Loan Document nor any provision hereof or thereof may be waived, amended or modified, except (i) in the case of this
Agreement, pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Borrower and the Required Lenders (or the Administrative Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders) (provided that the Administrative Agent has received written
notice from the Borrower at least two Business Days prior to the anticipated date of effectiveness of any such amendment and the Administrative Agent shall promptly acknowledge any such amendment upon receipt; provided that if the
Administrative Agent fails to provide such acknowledgement within five (5) Business Days of receipt, such amendment shall be deemed to have been acknowledged by the Administrative Agent; provided further, that regardless of the date that
the Administrative Agent delivers its acknowledgement, the amendment shall be deemed effective at the time it is executed by the Required Lenders, the Borrower or the applicable Loan Party) or (ii) in the case of any other Loan Document (other
than any waiver, amendment or modification to effectuate any modification thereto expressly contemplated by the terms of such other Loan Document), pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Administrative Agent and each
Loan Party that is party thereto, with the consent of the Required Lenders; provided, that: 

(A) the consent of each
Lender directly and adversely affected thereby (but not the consent of the Required Lenders) shall be required for any waiver, amendment or modification that: 

149 

(1) increases the Commitment of such Lender (other than with respect to any
Incremental Facility pursuant to Section 2.22 in respect of which such Lender has agreed to be an Additional Lender); it being understood that no amendment, modification or waiver of, or consent to departure from, any condition
precedent, representation, warranty, covenant, Default, Event of Default, mandatory prepayment or mandatory reduction of the Commitments shall constitute an increase of any Commitment of such Lender; 

(2) reduces the principal amount of any Loan owed to such Lender or any amount due to such Lender on any Loan Installment Date;
it being understood that no amendment, modification or waiver of, or consent to departure from, any condition precedent, representation, warranty, covenant, Default, Event of Default, mandatory prepayment or mandatory reduction of the Commitments
shall constitute a reduction of principal owed to such Lender; 

(3) (x) extends the scheduled final maturity of any
Loan or (y) postpones any Loan Installment Date or any Interest Payment Date with respect to any Loan held by such Lender or the date of any scheduled payment of any fee or premium payable to such Lender hereunder (in each case, other than any
extension for administrative reasons agreed by the Administrative Agent); 

(4) reduces the rate of interest (other than to
waive any Default or Event of Default or obligation of the Borrower to pay interest to such Lender at the default rate of interest under Section 2.13(d), which shall only require the consent of the Required Lenders) or the amount of any
fee or premium owed to such Lender; it being understood that no change in the definition of First Lien Leverage Ratio or any other ratio used in the calculation of the Applicable Rate or the Commitment Fee Rate, or in the calculation of
any other interest, fee or premium due hereunder (including any component definition thereof) shall constitute a reduction in any rate of interest or fee hereunder; 

(5) extends the expiry date of such Lenders Commitment; it being understood that no amendment, modification or waiver of,
or consent to departure from, any condition precedent, representation, warranty, covenant, Default, Event of Default, mandatory prepayment or mandatory reduction of any Commitment shall constitute an extension of any Commitment of any Lender; and

(6) waives, amends or modifies the provisions of Section 2.18(b) or 2.18(c) of this Agreement in a
manner that would by its terms alter the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby (except in connection with any transaction permitted under Sections 2.22, 2.23, 9.02(c) and/or 9.05(g) or as otherwise provided
in this Section 9.02); 

(B) 

no such agreement shall: 

(1) change (x) any of the provisions of Section 9.02(a) or Section 9.02(b) or the definition of
Required Lenders to reduce any voting percentage required to waive, amend or modify any right thereunder or make any determination or grant any consent thereunder, without the prior written consent of each Lender or (y) the
definition of Required Revolving Lenders without the prior written consent of each Revolving Lender (it being understood that neither the consent of the Required Lenders nor the consent of any other Lender shall be required in connection
with any change to the definition of Required Revolving Lenders); 

(2) release all or substantially all of the
Collateral from the Lien granted pursuant to the Loan Documents (except as otherwise permitted herein or in the other Loan Documents, including pursuant to Article 8 or Section 9.22 hereof), without the prior written consent
of each Lender; or 

150 

(3) release all or substantially all of the value of the Guarantees under
the Loan Guaranty (except as otherwise permitted herein or in the other Loan Documents, including pursuant to Section 9.22 hereof), without the prior written consent of each Lender; 

(C) solely with the consent of the Required Revolving Lenders (but without the consent of the Required Lenders or any other
Lender), any such agreement may (x) waive, amend or modify Section 6.14 (or the definition of First Lien Leverage Ratio or any component definition thereof, in each case, as any such definition is used solely for
purposes of Section 6.14) (other than, in the case of Section 6.14(a), for purposes of determining compliance with such Section as a condition to taking any action under this Agreement) and/or (y) waive, amend or modify
any condition precedent set forth in Section 4.02 hereof as it pertains to any Revolving Loan and/or Additional Revolving Loan or the issuances, amendment, modification, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit; and 

(D) solely with the consent of the relevant Issuing Bank and, in the case of clause (x), the Administrative Agent, any such
agreement may (x) increase or decrease the Letter of Credit Sublimit or (y) waive, amend or modify any condition precedent set forth in Section 4.02 hereof as it pertains to the issuance of any Letter of Credit; 

(E) no such agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent, any Issuing
Bank or the Swingline Lender hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, such Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender, as the case may be. 

(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement may be amended: 

(i) with the written consent of the Borrower and the Lenders providing the relevant Replacement Term Loans to permit the
refinancing or replacement of all or any portion of the outstanding Term Loans under the applicable Class (any such loans being refinanced or replaced, the Replaced Term Loans) with one or more replacement term loans hereunder
(Replacement Term Loans) pursuant to a Refinancing Amendment; provided that 

(A) the aggregate
principal amount of any Replacement Term Loans shall not exceed the aggregate principal amount of the Replaced Term Loans (plus (1) any additional amounts permitted to be incurred under Section 6.01 and, to the extent any
such additional amounts are secured, the related Liens are permitted under Section 6.02, and plus (2) the amount of accrued interest, penalties and premium (including tender premium) thereon any committed but undrawn amounts
and underwriting discounts, fees (including upfront fees, original issue discount or initial yield payments), commissions and expenses associated therewith), 

(B) subject to the Permitted Earlier Maturity Indebtedness Exception, any Replacement Term Loans (other than customary bridge
loans with a maturity date of not longer than one year; provided that any loans, notes, securities or other Indebtedness which are exchanged for or otherwise replace such bridge loans shall be subject to the requirements of this clause
(B)) must have a final maturity date that is equal to or later than the final maturity date of, and have a Weighted Average Life to Maturity equal to or greater than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of, the Replaced Term Loans at the time
of the relevant refinancing (without giving effect to any prepayments thereof), 

(C) any Replacement Term Loans may be
pari passu with or junior to any then-existing Term Loans in right of payment and pari passu with or junior to such Term Loans with respect to the Collateral (provided that any Replacement Term Loans not incurred under this
Agreement shall be subject to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement, or be unsecured), 

151 

(D) any Replacement Term Loans that are secured may not be secured by any
assets other than the Collateral, 

(E) any Replacement Term Loans that are guaranteed may not be guaranteed by any
Subsidiary other than one or more Subsidiary Guarantors, 

(F) any Replacement Term Loans that are pari passu with
the Initial Term Loans in right of payment and security may participate (A) in any voluntary prepayments of Term Loans as set forth in Section 2.11(a)(i) and (B) in any mandatory prepayments of Term Loans as set forth in
Section 2.11(b)(vi), 

(G) any Replacement Term Loans may have pricing (including interest, fees and premiums)
and, subject to preceding clause (F), optional prepayment and redemption terms and, subject to preceding clause (B), amortization schedule, as the Borrower and the lenders providing such Replacement Term Loans may agree, 

(H) other terms and conditions of any Replacement Term Loans (excluding as set forth above) are (i) substantially
identical to, or (taken as a whole) no more favorable (as reasonably determined by the Borrower) to the lenders providing such Replacement Term Loans than those applicable to the Replaced Term Loans (other than covenants or other provisions
applicable only to periods after the Latest Maturity Date (in each case, as of the date of incurrence of such Replacement Term Loans)), (ii) on market terms and conditions (taken as a whole) (as reasonably determined by the Borrower) at the
time of incurrence or issuance for the applicable type of Indebtedness or (iii) reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent (it being agreed that (x) covenants or other provisions applicable only to periods after the latest Maturity
Date of such Replaced Term Loans (in each case, as of the date of incurrence of such Replacement Term Loans) and (y) terms and conditions of such Replacement Term Loans that are more favorable to the lenders or the agent of such Replacement
Term Loans than those contained in the Loan Documents and are then conformed (or added) to the Loan Documents for the benefit of the Term Lenders or, as applicable, the Administrative Agent (i.e., by conforming or adding a term to the
then-outstanding Term Loans pursuant to an amendment) shall be deemed satisfactory to the Administrative Agent), and 

(I)
no Event of Default under Section 7.01(a), (f) or (g) shall exist immediately prior to or after giving effect to such Replacement Term Loans, and 

(ii) with the written consent of the Borrower and the Lenders providing the relevant Replacement Revolving Facility to permit the refinancing
or replacement of all or any portion of any Revolving Credit Commitment under the applicable Class (any such Revolving Credit Commitment being refinanced or replaced, a Replaced Revolving Facility) with a replacement revolving
facility hereunder (a Replacement Revolving Facility) pursuant to a Refinancing Amendment; provided that: 

(A) the aggregate principal amount of any Replacement Revolving Facility shall not exceed the aggregate principal amount of the
Replaced Revolving Facility (plus (x) any additional amounts permitted to be incurred under Section 6.01 and, to the extent any such additional amounts are secured, the related Liens are permitted under
Section 6.02 and (y) the amount of accrued interest, penalties and premium (including tender premium) thereon, any committed but undrawn amounts and underwriting discounts, fees (including upfront fees original issue discount
or initial yield payments), commissions and expenses associated therewith), 

(B) no Replacement Revolving Facility (other
than customary bridge loans with a maturity date of not longer than one year; provided that any loans, notes, securities or other Indebtedness which are exchanged for or otherwise replace such bridge loans shall be subject to the requirements
of this clause (B)) may have a final maturity date (or require commitment reductions) prior to the final maturity date of the relevant Replaced Revolving Facility at the time of such refinancing, 

152 

(C) any Replacement Revolving Facility may be pari passu with or junior to
any then-existing Revolving Credit Commitment in right of payment and pari passu with or junior to such Revolving Credit Commitments with respect to the Collateral (provided that any Replacement Revolving Facility not incurred under this
Agreement shall be subject to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement, or be unsecured), 

(D) any Replacement Revolving
Facility that is secured may not be secured by any assets other than the Collateral, 

(E) any Replacement Revolving
Facility that is guaranteed may not be guaranteed by any Person other than one or more Loan Parties, 

(F) any Replacement
Revolving Facility may provide for (A) the borrowing and repayment (except for (x) payments of interest and fees at different rates on the Revolving Facilities (and related outstandings), (y) repayments required on the Maturity Date
of any Revolving Facility and (z) repayments made in connection with a permanent repayment and termination of the Revolving Credit Commitments under any Revolving Facility (subject to clause (C) below)) of Revolving Loans with
respect to any Revolving Facility after the effective date of such Replacement Revolving Facility shall be made on a pro rata basis or less than pro rata basis with all other Revolving Facilities, (B) all Letters of Credit shall be participated
on a pro rata basis by all Revolving Lenders and (C) any permanent repayment of Revolving Loans with respect to, and reduction and termination of Revolving Credit Commitments under, any Revolving Facility after the effective date of such
Replacement Revolving Facility shall be made on a pro rata basis or less than pro rata basis with all other Revolving Facilities, or, to the extent such Replacement Revolving Facility is terminated in full and refinanced or replaced with another
Replacement Revolving Facility or Replacement Notes a greater than pro rata basis. 

(G) any Replacement Revolving Facility
may have pricing (including interest, fees and premiums) and, subject to preceding clause (F), optional prepayment and redemption terms as the Borrower and the lenders providing such Replacement Revolving Facility may agree, and 

(H) other terms and conditions of any Replacement Revolving Facility (excluding as set forth above) are (i) substantially
identical to, or (taken as a whole) no more favorable (as reasonably determined by the Borrower) to the lenders providing such Replacement Revolving Facility than those applicable to the Replaced Revolving Facility (other than covenants or other
provisions applicable only to periods after the latest Maturity Date of such Replaced Revolving Facility (in each case, as of the date of incurrence of such Replacement Revolving Facility)), (ii) on market terms and conditions (taken as a
whole) (as reasonably determined by the Borrower) at the time of incurrence for the applicable type of Indebtedness or (iii) reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent (it being agreed that (x) covenants or other provisions
applicable only to periods after the latest Maturity Date of such Replaced Revolving Facility (in each case, as of the date of incurrence of such Replacement Revolving Facility) and (y) terms and conditions of such Replacement Revolving
Facility that are more favorable to the lenders or the agent of such Replacement Revolving Facility than those contained in the Loan Documents and are then conformed (or added) to the Loan Documents for the benefit of the Revolving Lenders or, as
applicable, the Administrative Agent (i.e., by conforming or adding a term to the then-outstanding Revolving Loans pursuant to an amendment) shall be deemed satisfactory to the Administrative Agent), 

(I) the commitments in respect of the relevant Replaced Revolving Facility shall be terminated, and all loans outstanding
thereunder and all fees then due and payable in connection therewith shall be paid in full, in each case on the date any Replacement Revolving Facility is implemented, and 

(J) no Event of Default under Section 7.01(a), (f) or (g) shall exist immediately prior to
or after giving effect to such Replacement Revolving Facility; 

153 

provided, further, that, in respect of each of subclauses (i) and (ii) of this
clause (c), any Non-Debt Fund Affiliate and Debt Fund Affiliate shall (x) be permitted without the consent of the Administrative Agent to provide any Replacement Term Loans, it being understood that in connection therewith, the relevant
Non-Debt Fund Affiliate or Debt Fund Affiliate, as applicable, shall be subject to the restrictions applicable to such Person under Section 9.05 as if such Replacement Term Loans were Term Loans and (y) any Debt Fund Affiliate (but
not any Non-Debt Fund Affiliate) may provide any Replacement Revolving Facility. 

Each party hereto hereby agrees that this Agreement may
be amended by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the lenders providing the relevant Replacement Term Loans or the Replacement Revolving Facility, as applicable, to the extent (but only to the extent) necessary to reflect the existence and
terms of such Replacement Term Loans or Replacement Revolving Facility, as applicable, incurred or implemented pursuant thereto (including any amendment necessary to treat the loans and commitments subject thereto as a separate tranche
and Class of Loans and/or Commitments hereunder). It is understood that any Lender approached to provide all or a portion of any Replacement Term Loans and/or any Replacement Revolving Facility may elect or decline, in its sole
discretion, to provide such Replacement Term Loans or Replacement Revolving Facility. 

(d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained in this Section 9.02 or any other provision of this Agreement or any provision of any other Loan Document: 

(i) the Borrower and the Administrative Agent may, without the input or consent of any Lender, amend, supplement and/or waive
any guaranty, collateral security agreement, pledge agreement and/or related document (if any) executed in connection with this Agreement to (A) comply with any Requirement of Law or the advice of counsel, (B) cause any such guaranty,
collateral security agreement, pledge agreement or other document to be consistent with this Agreement and/or the relevant other Loan Documents or (C) add a benefit for solely the Lenders under any existing Credit Facility, including, but not
limited to, increase in margin, interest rate floor, prepayment premium, call protection and reestablishment of or increase in amortization schedule; provided that no such amendment, modification or waiver that increases or accelerates the
amortization schedule shall operate to cause the amounts subject to such increased or accelerated amortization schedule to not be subject to Section 2.12(f), 

(ii) the Borrower and the Administrative Agent may, without the input or consent of any other Lender (other than the relevant
Lenders (including Additional Lenders) providing Loans under such Sections), effect amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary in the reasonable opinion of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to
(1) effect the provisions of Sections 2.22, 2.23, 5.12, 6.12 or 9.02(c), or any other provision specifying that any waiver, amendment or modification may be made with the consent or approval of the
Administrative Agent and/or (2) to add terms (including representations and warranties, conditions, prepayments, covenants or events of default), in connection with the addition of any Additional Loan or Additional Commitment hereunder pursuant
to Sections 2.22, 2.23 or 9.02(c), that are favorable to the then-existing Lenders, as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent, 

(iii) if the Administrative Agent and the Borrower have jointly identified any ambiguity, mistake, defect, inconsistency,
obvious error or any error or omission of a technical nature or any necessary or desirable technical change, in each case, in any provision of any Loan Document, then the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall be permitted to amend such
provision (without any further action or consent of any other party) solely to address such matter as reasonably determined by them acting jointly, 

(iv) the Administrative Agent and the Borrower may amend, restate, amend and restate or otherwise modify any Acceptable
Intercreditor Agreement as provided therein, 

(v) the Administrative Agent may amend the Commitment Schedule to reflect
assignments entered into pursuant to Section 9.05, Commitment reductions or terminations pursuant to Section 2.09, implementations of Additional Commitments or incurrences of Additional Loans pursuant to Sections 2.22,
2.23 or 9.02(c) and reductions or terminations of any such Additional Commitments or Additional Loans, 

154 

(vi) no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any
amendment, waiver or consent hereunder, except as permitted pursuant to Section 2.21(b) and except that the Commitment and any Additional Commitment of any Defaulting Lender may not be increased without the consent of such Defaulting
Lender (it being understood that any Commitment or Loan held or deemed held by any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded from any vote hereunder that requires the consent of any Lender, except as expressly provided in Section 2.21(b)),

(vii) this Agreement may be amended (or amended and restated) with the written consent of the Required Lenders, the
Administrative Agent and the Borrower (i) to add one or more additional credit facilities to this Agreement and to permit any extension of credit from time to time outstanding thereunder and the accrued interest and fees in respect thereof to
share ratably in the relevant benefits of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and (ii) to include appropriately the Lenders holding such credit facilities in any determination of the Required Lenders on substantially the same basis as
the Lenders prior to such inclusion, and 

(viii) any amendment, wavier or modification of any term or provision that
directly affects Lenders under one or more Classes and does not directly affect Lenders under one or more other Classes may be effected by the consent of Lenders owning 50% of the aggregate Commitments and/or Loans of such directly affected Class in
lieu of the consent of the Required Lenders. 

Section 9.03. Expenses; Indemnity.

(a) Subject to Section 9.05(f), the Borrower shall pay (i) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by
each Arranger, the Administrative Agent and their respective Affiliates (but limited, in the case of legal fees and expenses, to the actual reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, disbursements and other charges of one firm of outside counsel
to all such Persons taken as a whole and, if necessary, of one local counsel in any relevant jurisdiction to all such Persons, taken as a whole) in connection with the syndication and distribution (including via the Internet or through a service
such as IntraLinks) of the Credit Facilities, the preparation, execution, delivery and administration of the Loan Documents and any related documentation, including in connection with any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of any
Loan Document (whether or not the transactions contemplated thereby are consummated, but only to the extent the preparation of any such amendment, modification or waiver was requested by the Borrower and except as otherwise provided in a separate
writing between the Borrower, the relevant Arranger and/or the Administrative Agent), and (ii) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, the Issuing Banks or the Lenders or any of
their respective Affiliates (but limited, in the case of legal fees and expenses, to the actual reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, disbursements and other charges of one firm of outside counsel to all such Persons taken as a whole and, if
necessary, of one local counsel in any relevant jurisdiction to all such Persons, taken as a whole) in connection with the enforcement, collection or protection of their respective rights in connection with the Loan Documents, including their
respective rights under this Section, or in connection with the Loans made and/or Letters of Credit issued hereunder. Except to the extent required to be paid on the Closing Date, all amounts due under this paragraph (a) shall be
payable by the Borrower within 30 days of receipt by the Borrower of an invoice setting forth such expenses in reasonable detail, together with backup documentation supporting the relevant reimbursement request. 

(b) The Borrower shall indemnify each Arranger, the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank and each Lender, and each Related Party of any of
the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee) against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages and liabilities (but limited, in the case of legal fees and expenses, to the
actual reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, disbursements and other charges of one counsel to all Indemnitees taken as a whole and, if reasonably necessary, one local counsel in any relevant material jurisdiction to all Indemnitees, taken
as a whole and solely in the case of an actual or perceived conflict of interest, (x) one additional counsel to all affected Indemnitees, taken as a whole, and (y) one additional local counsel to all affected Indemnitees, taken as a whole,
in each relevant jurisdiction), incurred by or asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of the Loan Documents or any agreement or instrument contemplated thereby, the
performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations thereunder or the consummation of the Transactions or any other transactions contemplated hereby or thereby and/or the enforcement of the Loan Documents, (ii) the use of the
proceeds of the Loans or any Letter of Credit, (iii) any actual or alleged Release or presence of Hazardous Materials on, at, under or from any 

155 

property currently or formerly owned, leased or operated by the Borrower, any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any other Loan Party or any Environmental Liability related to the Borrower, any of
its Restricted Subsidiaries or any other Loan Party and/or (iv) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory and regardless of
whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto (and regardless of whether such matter is initiated by a third party or by the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Affiliates); provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any
Indemnitee, be available to the extent that any such loss, claim, damage, or liability (i) is determined by a final and non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction (or documented in any settlement agreement referred to below)
to have resulted from the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or, to the extent such judgment finds (or any such settlement agreement acknowledges) that any such loss, claim, damage, or liability has resulted from
such Persons material breach of the Loan Documents or (ii) arises out of any claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding brought by such Indemnitee against another Indemnitee (other than any claim, litigation, investigation or
proceeding that is brought by or against the Administrative Agent or any Arranger, acting in its capacity as the Administrative Agent or as an Arranger) that does not involve any act or omission of Holdings, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries.
Each Indemnitee shall be obligated to refund or return any and all amounts paid by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 9.03(b) to such Indemnitee for any fees, expenses, or damages to the extent such Indemnitee is not entitled to
payment thereof in accordance with the terms hereof. All amounts due under this paragraph (b) shall be payable by the Borrower within 30 days (x) after receipt by the Borrower of a written demand therefor, in the case of any
indemnification obligations and (y) in the case of reimbursement of costs and expenses, after receipt by the Borrower of an invoice setting forth such costs and expenses in reasonable detail, together with backup documentation supporting the
relevant reimbursement request. This Section 9.03(b) shall not apply to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages or liabilities in respect of a non-Tax claim. 

(c) The Borrower shall not be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected without the written consent of the Borrower (which consent
shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned), but if any proceeding is settled with the written consent of the Borrower, or if there is a final judgment against any Indemnitee in any such proceeding, the Borrower agrees to indemnify
and hold harmless each Indemnitee to the extent and in the manner set forth above. The Borrower shall not, without the prior written consent of the affected Indemnitee (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed),
effect any settlement of any pending or threatened proceeding in respect of which indemnity could have been sought hereunder by such Indemnitee unless (i) such settlement includes an unconditional release of such Indemnitee from all liability
or claims that are the subject matter of such proceeding and (ii) such settlement does not include any statement as to any admission of fault or culpability. 

Section 9.04. Waiver of Claim. To the extent permitted by applicable Requirements of Law, no party to this Agreement shall assert, and
each hereby waives, any claim against any other party hereto, any Loan Party and/or any Related Party of any thereof, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages)
arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the Transactions, any Loan or any Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof, except, in the case of any claim by any
Indemnitee against the Borrower, to the extent such damages would otherwise be subject to indemnification pursuant to the terms of Section 9.03. 

Section 9.05. Successors and Assigns.

(a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and
permitted assigns; provided that (i) except as provided under Section 6.07, the Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative
Agent and each Lender (and any attempted assignment or transfer by the Borrower without such consent shall be null and void) and (ii) no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations hereunder except in accordance with the
terms of this Section 9.05 (any attempted assignment or transfer not complying with the terms of this Section 9.05 shall be null and void and, with respect to attempted assignments or transfers to Disqualified Institutions,
subject to Section 9.05(f)). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and permitted assigns, to the extent provided in
paragraph (e) of this Section 9.05, Participants and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Arrangers, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders) any legal or
equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 

156 

(b) (i) Subject to the conditions set forth in paragraph (b)(ii) below, any
Lender may assign to one or more Eligible Assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of any Additional Loan or Additional Commitment added pursuant to Sections 2.22,
2.23 or 9.02(c) at the time owing to it) with the prior written consent of: 

(A) other than in connection
with the primary syndication of the Initial Term Loans funded on the Closing Date, the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed); provided, that (x) the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any assignment of Term Loans unless it has
objected thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within 10 Business Days after receipt of written notice thereof, (y) the consent of the Borrower shall not be required for any assignment at any time when an Event of Default under
Section 7.01(a) or Sections 7.01(f) or (g) (with respect to the Borrower) exists and (z) the consent of the Borrower shall not be required (1) for any assignment of Term Loans or Term Commitments to any Term
Lender or any Affiliate of any Term Lender or an Approved Fund or (2) for any assignment of Revolving Credit Commitments or Revolving Loans to any Revolving Lender or any Affiliate of any Revolving Lender; provided, further, that
notwithstanding the foregoing, the Borrower may withhold its consent to any assignment to any Person (other than a Bona Fide Debt Fund that is a Company Competitor) that is not a Disqualified Institution but is known by the Borrower to be an
Affiliate of a Disqualified Institution regardless of whether such Person is identifiable as an Affiliate of a Disqualified Institution on the basis of such Affiliates name; 

(B) the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed); provided, that no
consent of the Administrative Agent shall be required for any assignment to another Lender, any Affiliate of a Lender or any Approved Fund; and 

(C) in the case of any Revolving Facility, each Issuing Bank and the Swingline Lender, in each case, not to be unreasonably
withheld or delayed; provided, that no consent of any Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender shall be required for any assignment to another Revolving Lender or any Affiliate of a Revolving Lender. 

(ii) Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions: 

(A) except in the case of any assignment to another Lender, any Affiliate of any Lender or any Approved Fund or any assignment
of the entire remaining amount of the relevant assigning Lenders Loans or Commitments of any Class, the principal amount of Loans or Commitments of the assigning Lender subject to the relevant assignment (determined as of the date on which the
Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent and determined on an aggregate basis in the event of concurrent assignments to Related Funds of the assignee or by Related Funds of the assigning
Lender) shall not be less than (x) $1,000,000, in the case of Term Loans and Term Commitments and (y) $5,000,000 in the case of Revolving Loans and Revolving Credit Commitments, unless the Borrower and the Administrative Agent otherwise
consent; 

(B) any partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the relevant assigning
Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement; 

(C) the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to
the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption via an electronic settlement system acceptable to the Administrative Agent (or, if previously agreed with the Administrative Agent, manually), and shall pay to the Administrative Agent a
processing and recordation fee of $3,500 (which fee (i) shall not apply to an assignment by a Lender to its controlled Affiliates and (ii) may otherwise be waived or reduced in the sole discretion of the Administrative Agent); and 

(D) the relevant Eligible Assignee, if it is not a Lender, shall deliver on or prior to the effective date of such assignment,
to the Administrative Agent (1) an Administrative Questionnaire and (2) any IRS form and/or other documentation required under Section 2.17. 

157 

(iii) Subject to the acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to
paragraph (b)(iv) of this Section 9.05, from and after the effective date specified in any Assignment and Assumption, the Eligible Assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned
pursuant to such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its
obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be
(A) entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring on or prior to the effective date of such assignment and (B) subject to its obligations
thereunder and under Section 9.13). If any assignment by any Lender holding any Promissory Note is made after the issuance of such Promissory Note, the assigning Lender shall, upon the effectiveness of such assignment or as promptly
thereafter as practicable, surrender such Promissory Note to the Administrative Agent for cancellation, and, following such cancellation, if requested by either the assignee or the assigning Lender, the Borrower shall issue and deliver a new
Promissory Note to such assignee and/or to such assigning Lender, with appropriate insertions, to reflect the new commitments and/or outstanding Loans of the assignee and/or the assigning Lender. 

(iv) The Administrative Agent, acting for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices a copy
of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders and their respective successors and assigns, and the commitment of, and principal amount of and interest on the Loans and
LC Disbursements owing to, each Lender or Issuing Bank pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register). Failure to make any such recordation, or any error in such recordation, shall not affect the Borrowers
obligations in respect of such Loans and LC Disbursements. The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is
recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower, each Issuing Bank and each Lender
(but only as to its own holdings), at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 

(v) Upon its receipt of a
duly completed Assignment and Assumption executed by an assigning Lender and an Eligible Assignee, the Eligible Assignees completed Administrative Questionnaire and any tax certification required by Section 9.05(b)(ii)(D)(2)
(unless the assignee is already a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in Section 9.05(b)(ii)(C), if applicable, and any written consent to the relevant assignment required by Section 9.05(b)(i),
the Administrative Agent shall promptly accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information contained therein in the Register. No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register
as provided in this paragraph. 

(vi) By executing and delivering an Assignment and Assumption, the assigning Lender and the Eligible
Assignee thereunder shall be deemed to confirm and agree with each other and the other parties hereto as follows: (A) the assigning Lender warrants that it is the legal and beneficial owner of the interest being assigned thereby free and clear
of any adverse claim and that the amount of its commitments, and the outstanding balances of its Loans, in each case without giving effect to any assignment thereof which has not become effective, are as set forth in such Assignment and Assumption,
(B) except as set forth in clause (A) above, the assigning Lender makes no representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this
Agreement, or the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant hereto, or the financial condition of Holdings, the
Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or the performance or observance by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of any of its obligations under this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant
hereto; (C) the assignee represents and warrants that it is an Eligible Assignee, legally authorized to enter into such Assignment and Assumption; (D) the assignee confirms that it has received a copy of this Agreement, the most recent
financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.01 and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into such Assignment and Assumption; (E) the
assignee will independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the assigning Lender or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it deems appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in
taking or not taking action under this Agreement; (F) the assignee appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under this Agreement as are delegated to the
Administrative Agent, by the terms hereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto; and (G) the assignee agrees that it will perform in accordance with their terms all the obligations which by the terms of this Agreement
are required to be performed by it as a Lender. 

158 

(c) (i) Any Lender may, without the consent of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent,
any Issuing Bank or any other Lender, sell participations to any bank or other entity (other than to any Disqualified Institution, any natural Person or, other than with respect to any participation to any Debt Fund Affiliate (any such
participations to a Debt Fund Affiliate being subject to the limitation set forth in the first proviso of the penultimate paragraph set forth in Section 9.05(g), as if the limitation applied to such participations), the Borrower or any
of its Affiliates) (a Participant) in all or a portion of such Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitments and the Loans owing to it); provided that (A) such
Lenders obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (B) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (C) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the
Issuing Banks and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which any Lender sells such a
participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide
that such Lender will not, without the consent of the relevant Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver described in (x) clause (A) of the first proviso to Section 9.02(b) that directly and adversely
affects the Loans or Commitments in which such Participant has an interest and (y) clauses (B)(1), (2) or (3) of the first proviso to Section 9.02(b). Subject to paragraph (c)(ii) of this
Section 9.05, the Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15, 2.16 and 2.17 (subject to the limitations and requirements of such Sections and
Section 2.19) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section 9.05 and it being understood that the documentation required under
Section 2.17(f) shall be delivered to the participating Lender, and if additional amounts are required to be paid pursuant to Section 2.17(a) or Section 2.17(c), by the participating Lender to the Borrower and the
Administrative Agent. To the extent permitted by applicable Requirements of Law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 9.09 as though it were a Lender; provided that such Participant shall be subject
to Section 2.18(c) as though it were a Lender. 

(ii) No Participant shall be entitled to receive any greater payment under
Section 2.15, 2.16 or 2.17 than the participating Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, unless the sale of the participation to such Participant is made with
the Borrowers prior written consent (in its sole discretion), expressly acknowledging that such Participants entitlement to benefits under Sections 2.15, 2.16 and 2.17 is not limited to what the participating Lender
would have been entitled to receive absent the participation. 

Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this
purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and their respective successors and registered assigns, and the principal and interest amounts of each
Participants interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (a Participant Register); provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of any Participant Register
(including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to any Participants interest in any Commitment, Loan, Letter of Credit or any other obligation under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such
disclosure is necessary to establish that such Commitment, Loan, Letter of Credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive
absent manifest error, and each Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of
doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 

(d) (i) Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement (other
than to any Disqualified Institution or any natural person) to secure obligations of such Lender, including, without limitation, any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to any Federal Reserve Bank or other central bank having jurisdiction
over such Lender, and this Section 9.05 shall not apply to any such pledge or assignment of a security interest; provided that no such pledge or assignment of a security interest shall release any Lender from any of its
obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 

159 

(ii) No Lender may at any time enter into a total return swap, total rate of return swap,
credit default swap or other derivative instrument under which any Secured Obligation is a reference obligation with any counterparty that is a Disqualified Institution. 

(e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any Lender (a Granting Lender) may grant to a special
purpose funding vehicle (an SPC), identified as such in writing from time to time by the Granting Lender to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, the option to provide to the Borrower all or any part of any Loan that such
Granting Lender would otherwise be obligated to make to the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement; provided that (i) nothing herein shall constitute a commitment by any SPC to make any Loan and (ii) if an SPC elects not to exercise
such option or otherwise fails to provide all or any part of such Loan, the Granting Lender shall be obligated to make such Loan pursuant to the terms hereof. The making of any Loan by an SPC hereunder shall utilize the Commitment of the Granting
Lender to the same extent, and as if, such Loan were made by such Granting Lender. Each party hereto hereby agrees that (i) neither the grant to any SPC nor the exercise by any SPC of such option shall increase the costs or expenses or
otherwise increase or change the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement (including its obligations under Section 2.15, 2.16 or 2.17) and no SPC shall be entitled to any greater amount under
Section 2.15, 2.16 or 2.17 or any other provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document that the Granting Lender would have been entitled to receive, unless the grant to such SPC is made with the prior written
consent of the Borrower (in its sole discretion), expressly acknowledging that such SPCs entitlement to benefits under Sections 2.15, 2.16 and 2.17 is not limited to what the Granting Lender would have been entitled to
receive absent the grant to the SPC, (ii) no SPC shall be liable for any indemnity or similar payment obligation under this Agreement (all liability for which shall remain with the Granting Lender) and (iii) the Granting Lender shall for
all purposes (including approval of any amendment, waiver or other modification of any provision of the Loan Documents) remain the Lender of record hereunder. In furtherance of the foregoing, each party hereto hereby agrees (which agreement shall
survive the termination of this Agreement) that, prior to the date that is one year and one day after the payment in full of all outstanding commercial paper or other senior indebtedness of any SPC, it will not institute against, or join any other
Person in instituting against, such SPC any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings under the Requirements of Law of the U.S. or any State thereof; provided that (i) such SPCs Granting Lender
is in compliance in all material respects with its obligations to the Borrower hereunder and (ii) each Lender designating any SPC hereby agrees to indemnify, save and hold harmless each other party hereto for any loss, cost, damage or expense
arising out of its inability to institute such a proceeding against such SPC during such period of forbearance. In addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 9.05, any SPC may (i) with notice to,
but without the prior written consent of, the Borrower or the Administrative Agent and without paying any processing fee therefor, assign all or a portion of its interests in any Loan to the Granting Lender and (ii) disclose on a confidential
basis any non-public information relating to its Loans to any rating agency, commercial paper dealer or provider of any surety, guaranty or credit or liquidity enhancement to such SPC. 

(f) (i) Any assignment or participation by a Lender without the Borrowers consent to any Disqualified Institution or any
Affiliate thereof shall be subject to the provisions of this Section 9.05(f), and the Borrower shall be entitled to seek specific performance to enforce this Section 9.05(f) in addition to injunctive relief (without posting a
bond or presenting evidence of irreparable harm) or any other remedies available to the Borrower at law or in equity; it being understood and agreed that Holdings, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries will suffer irreparable harm if any Lender breaches
any obligation under this Section 9.05 as it relates to any assignment, participation or pledge of any Loan or Commitment to any Disqualified Institution or any Affiliate thereof or any other Person to whom the Borrowers consent is
required but not obtained. Nothing in this Section 9.05(f) shall be deemed to prejudice any right or remedy that Holdings or the Borrower may otherwise have at law or equity. Upon the request of any Lender, the Administrative Agent and
the Borrower may make the list of Disqualified Institutions (other than any Disqualified Institution that is a reasonably identifiable Affiliate of another Disqualified Institution on the basis of such Persons name) available to such Lender so
long as such Lender agrees to keep the list of Disqualified Institutions confidential in accordance with the terms hereof and such Lender may provide such list of Disqualified Institutions to any potential assignee or participant on a confidential
basis, solely for the purpose pf permitting such potential assignee or participant to verify whether such Person constitutes a Disqualified Institution. 

160 

(ii) If any assignment or participation under this Section 9.05 is made to any
Affiliate of any Disqualified Institution (other than any Bona Fide Debt Fund) without the Borrowers prior written consent (any such person, a Disqualified Person), then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon
notice to the applicable Disqualified Person and the Administrative Agent, (A) terminate any Commitment of such Disqualified Person and repay all obligations of the Borrower owing to such Disqualified Person, (B) in the case of any
outstanding Term Loans, held by such Disqualified Person, purchase such Term Loans by paying the lesser of (x) par and (y) the amount that such Disqualified Person paid to acquire such Term Loans, plus accrued interest thereon,
accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder and/or (C) require such Disqualified Person to assign, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in this Section 9.05), all of its
interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement to one or more Eligible Assignees; provided that (I) in the case of clause (B), the applicable Disqualified Person has received payment of an amount equal to the lesser of
(1) par and (2) the amount that such Disqualified Person paid for the applicable Loans and participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans, plus accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it
hereunder, from the Borrower, (II) in the case of clauses (A) and (B), the Borrower shall not be liable to the relevant Disqualified Person under Section 2.16 if any Term SOFR Loan owing to such Disqualified Person is
repaid or purchased other than on the last day of the Interest Period relating thereto, (III) in the case of clause (C), the relevant assignment shall otherwise comply with this Section 9.05 (except that (x) no registration
and processing fee required under this Section 9.05 shall be required with any assignment pursuant to this paragraph and (y) any Term Loan acquired by any Affiliated Lender pursuant to this paragraph will not be included in
calculating compliance with the Affiliated Lender Cap for a period of 90 days following such transfer; provided that, to the extent the aggregate principal amount of Term Loans held by Affiliated Lenders exceeds the Affiliated Lender Cap on
the 91st day following such transfer, then such excess amount shall either be (x) contributed to Holdings, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries and retired and cancelled immediately upon such contribution or (y) automatically cancelled)
and (IV) in no event shall such Disqualified Person be entitled to receive amounts set forth in Section 2.13(d). Further, the Borrower may, upon notice to the Administrative Agent, require that such Disqualified Person (A) will not
receive information or reporting provided by any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent or any Lender and will not be permitted to attend or participate in conference calls or meetings attended solely by the Lenders and the Administrative Agent,
(B) (x) for purposes of determining whether the Required Lenders or the majority Lenders under any Class have (i) consented (or not consented) to any amendment, modification, waiver, consent or other action with respect to any of the
terms of any Loan Document or any departure by any Loan Party therefrom, (ii) otherwise acted on any matter related to any Loan Document, or (iii) directed or required the Administrative Agent or any Lender to undertake any action (or
refrain from taking any action) with respect to or under any Loan Document, shall not have any right to consent (or not consent), otherwise act or direct or require the Administrative Agent or any Lender to take (or refrain from taking) any such
action, and all Loans held by any Disqualified Person shall be deemed to be not outstanding for all purposes of calculating whether the Required Lenders, majority Lenders under any Class or all Lenders have taken any actions, and (y) hereby
agrees that if a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law shall be commenced by or against the Borrower or any other Loan Party, such Disqualified Person will be deemed to vote in the same proportion as Lenders that are not Disqualified Persons and
(C) hereby agrees that the provisions of Section 9.03 shall not apply in favor of such Disqualified Persons. For the sake of clarity, the provisions in this Section 9.05(f) shall not apply to any Person that is an
assignee of a Disqualified Persons, if such assignee is not a Disqualified Person. 

(iii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein,
each of Holdings, the Borrower and each Lender acknowledges and agrees that the Administrative Agent, in its capacity as such, shall not be responsible or have any liability for, or have any duty to ascertain, inquire into, monitor or enforce,
compliance with the provisions hereof relating to Disqualified Institutions or Disqualified Persons, including whether any Lender or potential Lender is a Disqualified Institution or Disqualified Person. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Administrative Agent, in its capacity as such, shall not (x) be obligated to ascertain, monitor or inquire as to whether any Lender or participant or prospective Lender or participant is a Disqualified Institution or a Disqualified
Person or (y) have any liability with respect to or arising out of any assignment or participation of Loans or Commitments, or disclosure of confidential information, to any Disqualified Institution or Disqualified Person (regardless of whether
the consent of the Administrative Agent is required thereto), and none of the Borrower, any Lender or their respective Affiliates will bring any claim to such effect. 

(g) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any Lender may, at any time, assign all or a portion of its rights and
obligations under this Agreement in respect of its Term Loans to any Affiliated Lender on a non-pro rata basis (A) through Dutch Auctions open to all Lenders holding the relevant Term Loans on a pro rata basis or (B) through open market
purchases, in each case with respect to clauses (A) and (B), without the consent of the Administrative Agent; provided that: 

161 

(i) any Term Loans acquired by Holdings, the Borrower or any of their
respective Restricted Subsidiaries shall, to the extent permitted by applicable Requirements of Law, be retired and cancelled immediately upon the acquisition thereof; provided that upon any such retirement and cancellation, the aggregate
outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans shall be deemed reduced by the full par value of the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans so retired and cancelled, and each principal repayment installment with respect to the Term Loans
pursuant to Section 2.10(a) shall be reduced on a pro rata basis by the full par value of the aggregate principal amount of Term Loans so cancelled; 

(ii) any Term Loans acquired by any Non-Debt Fund Affiliate may (but shall not be required to) be contributed to Holdings, the
Borrower or any of their Subsidiaries (it being understood that any such Term Loans shall, to the extent permitted by applicable Requirements of Law, be retired and cancelled promptly upon such contribution); provided that upon any such
cancellation, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans shall be deemed reduced, as of the date of such contribution, by the full par value of the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans so contributed and cancelled, and each
principal repayment installment with respect to the Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.10(a) shall be reduced pro rata by the full par value of the aggregate principal amount of Initial Term Loans so contributed and cancelled; 

(iii) the relevant Affiliated Lender and assigning Lender shall have executed an Affiliated Lender Assignment and Assumption;

(iv) after giving effect to the relevant assignment and to all other assignments to all Affiliated Lenders, the aggregate
principal amount of all Term Loans then held by all Affiliated Lenders shall not exceed 25% of the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans then outstanding (after giving effect to any substantially simultaneous cancellations thereof) (the
Affiliated Lender Cap); provided that each party hereto acknowledges and agrees that the Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any losses, damages, penalties, claims, demands, actions, judgments, suits, costs,
expenses and disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever incurred or suffered by any Person in connection with any compliance or non-compliance with this clause (g)(iv) or any purported assignment exceeding the Affiliated Lender Cap
(it being understood and agreed that the Affiliated Lender Cap is intended to apply to any Term Loans made available to Affiliated Lenders by means other than formal assignment (e.g., as a result of an acquisition of another Lender (other than any
Debt Fund Affiliate)) by any Affiliated Lender or the provision of Additional Term Loans by any Affiliated Lender); provided, further, that to the extent that any assignment to any Affiliated Lender would result in the aggregate
principal amount of Term Loans held by Affiliated Lenders exceeding the Affiliated Lender Cap (after giving effect to any substantially simultaneous cancellations thereof), the assignment of the relevant excess amount shall be null and void; 

(v) in connection with any assignment effected pursuant to a Dutch Auction and/or open market purchase conducted by Holdings,
the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, (A) the relevant Person may not use the proceeds of any Revolving Loans or Swingline Loans to fund such assignment and (B) no Default or Event of Default exists at the time of acceptance
of bids for the Dutch Auction or the confirmation of such open market purchase, as applicable; and 

(vi) by its acquisition
of Term Loans, each relevant Affiliated Lender shall be deemed to have acknowledged and agreed that: 

(A) subject to
clause (iv) above, the Term Loans held by such Affiliated Lender shall be disregarded in both the numerator and denominator in the calculation of any Required Lender or other Lender vote (and the Term Loans held by such Affiliated Lender
shall be deemed to be voted pro rata along with the other Lenders that are not Affiliated Lenders); provided that (x) such Affiliated Lender shall have the right to vote (and the Term Loans held by such Affiliated Lender shall not be so
disregarded) with respect to any amendment, modification, waiver, consent or other action that requires the vote of all Lenders or all Lenders directly and adversely affected thereby, as 

162 

the case may be, and (y) no amendment, modification, waiver, consent or other action shall (1) disproportionately affect such Affiliated Lender in its capacity as a Lender as compared
to other Lenders of the same Class that are not Affiliated Lenders or (2) deprive any Affiliated Lender of its share of any payments which the Lenders are entitled to share on a pro rata basis hereunder, in each case without the consent of such
Affiliated Lender; and 

(B) such Affiliated Lender, solely in its capacity as an Affiliated Lender, will not be entitled
to (i) attend (including by telephone) or participate in any meeting or discussion (or portion thereof) among the Administrative Agent or any Lender or among Lenders to which the Loan Parties or their representatives are not invited or
(ii) receive any information or material prepared by the Administrative Agent or any Lender or any communication by or among the Administrative Agent and one or more Lenders, except to the extent such information or materials have been made
available by the Administrative Agent or any Lender to any Loan Party or its representatives (and in any case, other than the right to receive notices of Borrowings, prepayments and other administrative notices in respect of its Term Loans required
to be delivered to Lenders pursuant to Article 2); 

(vii) no Affiliated Lender shall be required to represent
or warrant that it is not in possession of material non-public information with respect to Holdings, the Borrower and/or any Subsidiary thereof and/or their respective securities in connection with any assignment permitted by this
Section 9.05(g); and 

(viii) in any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, the interest of any Affiliated
Lender in any Term Loan will be deemed to be voted in the same proportion as the vote of Lenders that are not Affiliated Lenders on the relevant matter; provided that each Affiliated Lender will be entitled to vote its interest in any Term
Loan to the extent that any plan of reorganization or other arrangement with respect to which the relevant vote is sought proposes to treat the interest of such Affiliated Lender in such Term Loan in a manner that is less favorable to such
Affiliated Lender than the proposed treatment of Term Loans held by other Term Lenders. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any
Lender may, at any time, assign all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement in respect of its Loans and/or Commitments to any Debt Fund Affiliate, and any Debt Fund Affiliate may, from time to time, purchase Loans and/or
Commitments (x) on a non-pro rata basis through Dutch Auctions open to all applicable Lenders or (y) on a non-pro rata basis through open market purchases without the consent of the Administrative Agent, in each case, notwithstanding the
requirements set forth in subclauses (i) through (viii) of this clause (g); provided that the Loans and Commitments held by all Debt Fund Affiliates shall not account for more than 49.9% of the amounts included
in determining whether the Required Lenders or Required Revolving Lenders have (A) consented to any amendment, modification, waiver, consent or other action with respect to any of the terms of any Loan Document or any departure by any Loan
Party therefrom, (B) otherwise acted on any matter related to any Loan Document or (C) directed or required the Administrative Agent or any Lender to undertake any action (or refrain from taking any action) with respect to or under any
Loan Document; it being understood and agreed that the portion of the Loan and/or Commitments that accounts for more than 49.9% of the relevant Required Lender or Required Revolving Lender action shall be deemed to be voted pro rata along with other
Lenders that are not Debt Fund Affiliates. Any Loans acquired by any Debt Fund Affiliate may (but shall not be required to) be contributed to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries for purposes of cancelling such Indebtedness (it being understood
that any Loans so contributed shall be retired and cancelled immediately upon thereof); provided that upon any such cancellation, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the relevant Class of Loans shall be deemed reduced, as of the
date of such contribution, by the full par value of the aggregate principal amount of the Loans so contributed and cancelled, and each principal repayment installment with respect to the Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.10(a) shall be
reduced pro rata by the full par value of the aggregate principal amount of any applicable Term Loans so contributed and cancelled. 

Section 9.06. Survival. All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Loan Parties in the Loan Documents
and in the certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery
of the Loan Documents and the making of any Loan and issuance of any Letter of Credit regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that 

163 

the Administrative Agent may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or Event of Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall
continue in full force and effect until the Termination Date. The provisions of Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17, 9.03 and 9.13 and Article 8 shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans, the expiration or termination of the Letters of Credit and the Revolving Credit Commitment, the occurrence of the Termination Date or the termination of this Agreement
or any provision hereof but in each case, subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement. 

Section 9.07. Electronic
Execution; Electronic Records; Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness. This Agreement, the other Loan Documents and the Engagement Letter and any separate letter agreements with respect to fees payable to the Administrative Agent constitute
the entire agreement among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement shall become effective when it has
been executed by Holdings, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent has received counterparts hereof which, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be
binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. This Agreement, any Loan Document and any other Communication, including Communications required to be in writing, may be in the form
of an Electronic Record and may be executed using Electronic Signatures. Each of the Loan Parties and each of the Administrative Agent and each Lender Party agrees that any Electronic Signature on or associated with any Communication shall be valid
and binding on such Person to the same extent as a manual, original signature, and that any Communication entered into by Electronic Signature, will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Person enforceable against such Person in
accordance with the terms thereof to the same extent as if a manually executed original signature was delivered. Any Communication may be executed in as many counterparts as necessary or convenient, including both paper and electronic
counterparts, but all such counterparts are one and the same Communication. For the avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include, without limitation, use or acceptance of a manually signed paper Communication which has
been converted into electronic form (such as scanned into PDF format), or an electronically signed Communication converted into another format, for transmission, delivery and/or retention. The Administrative Agent and each of the Lender Parties may,
at its option, create one or more copies of any Communication in the form of an imaged Electronic Record (Electronic Copy), which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Persons business, and destroy the original
paper document. All Communications in the form of an Electronic Record, including an Electronic Copy, shall be considered an original for all purposes, and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record.
Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, neither the Administrative Agent, Issuing Banks nor Swingline Lender is under any obligation to accept an Electronic Signature in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by such
Person pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided, further, without limiting the foregoing, (a) to the extent the Administrative Agent, Issuing Banks or Swingline Lender has agreed to accept such Electronic Signature, the
Administrative Agent and each of the Lender Parties shall be entitled to rely on any such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of any Loan Party and/or any Lender Party without further verification and (b) upon the reasonable
request of the Administrative Agent , any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by a manually executed counterpart. 

Neither the
Administrative Agent, Issuing Banks nor Swingline Lender shall be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into the sufficiency, validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement,
instrument or document (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with the Administrative Agents, Issuing Banks nor Swingline Lenders reliance on any Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed .pdf or any
other electronic means). The Administrative Agent, Issuing Banks nor Swingline Lender shall be entitled to rely on, and shall incur no liability under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by acting upon, any Communication
(which writing may be a fax, any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution or signed using an Electronic Signature) or any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be genuine and signed
or sent or otherwise authenticated (whether or not such Person in fact meets the requirements set forth in the Loan Documents for being the maker thereof). 

Each of the Loan Parties and each Lender Party hereby waives (i) any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or
enforceability of this Agreement, any other Loan Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Agreement, such other Loan Document, and (ii) waives any claim against the Administrative Agent, each Lender Party and each
Related Party for any liabilities arising solely from the Administrative Agents and/or any Lender Partys reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures, including any liabilities arising as a result of the failure of the Loan Parties to use
any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature. 

164 

Section 9.08. Severability. To the extent permitted by applicable Requirements
of Law, any provision of any Loan Document held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the
validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions thereof; and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

Section 9.09. Right of Setoff. At any time when an Event of Default exists, the Administrative Agent and each Issuing Bank and
each Lender is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Requirements of Law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time
held and other obligations (in any currency) at any time owing by the Administrative Agent, such Issuing Bank or such Lender to or for the credit or the account of any Loan Party against any of and all the Secured Obligations held by the
Administrative Agent, such Issuing Bank or such Lender, irrespective of whether or not the Administrative Agent, such Issuing Bank or such Lender shall have made any demand under the Loan Documents and although such obligations may be contingent or
unmatured or are owed to a branch or office of such Lender or Issuing Bank different than the branch or office holding such deposit or obligation on such Indebtedness. Any applicable Lender or Issuing Bank shall promptly notify the Borrower and the
Administrative Agent of such set-off or application; provided that any failure to give or any delay in giving such notice shall not affect the validity of any such set-off or application under this Section 9.09. The rights of each
Lender, each Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent under this Section 9.09 are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) which such Lender, such Issuing Bank or the Administrative Agent may have.

Section 9.10. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process. 

(a) THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS (OTHER THAN AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT) AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR
DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS (OTHER THAN AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT), SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW
YORK. 

(b) EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS, FOR ITSELF AND ITS PROPERTY, TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF
ANY U.S. FEDERAL OR NEW YORK STATE COURT SITTING IN THE BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN, IN THE CITY OF NEW YORK (OR ANY APPELLATE COURT THEREFROM) OVER ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO ANY LOAN DOCUMENT AND AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS
IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL (EXCEPT AS PERMITTED BELOW) BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE OR, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE REQUIREMENTS OF LAW, FEDERAL COURT. EACH PARTY HERETO AGREES THAT SERVICE OF ANY
PROCESS, SUMMONS, NOTICE OR DOCUMENT BY REGISTERED MAIL ADDRESSED TO SUCH PERSON SHALL BE EFFECTIVE SERVICE OF PROCESS AGAINST SUCH PERSON FOR ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN ANY SUCH COURT. EACH PARTY HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT
IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY APPLICABLE REQUIREMENTS OF LAW. EACH PARTY HERETO AGREES THAT THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT RETAINS THE RIGHT TO BRING
PROCEEDINGS AGAINST ANY LOAN PARTY IN THE COURTS OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION SOLELY IN CONNECTION WITH THE EXERCISE OF ITS RIGHTS UNDER ANY COLLATERAL DOCUMENT. 

(c) EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT IT MAY LEGALLY AND EFFECTIVELY DO SO, ANY OBJECTION
WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT IN ANY 

165 

COURT REFERRED TO IN PARAGRAPH (b) OF THIS SECTION 9.10. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE REQUIREMENTS OF LAW, ANY
CLAIM OR DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT. 

(d) TO THE EXTENT
PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE REQUIREMENTS OF LAW, EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES PERSONAL SERVICE OF ANY AND ALL PROCESS UPON IT AND AGREES THAT ALL SUCH SERVICE OF PROCESS MAY BE MADE BY REGISTERED MAIL (OR ANY SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR FORM OF
MAIL) DIRECTED TO IT AT ITS ADDRESS FOR NOTICES AS PROVIDED FOR IN SECTION 9.01. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION TO SUCH SERVICE OF PROCESS AND FURTHER IRREVOCABLY WAIVES AND AGREES NOT TO PLEAD OR CLAIM IN ANY ACTION OR
PROCEEDING COMMENCED HEREUNDER OR UNDER ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT THAT SERVICE OF PROCESS WAS INVALID AND INEFFECTIVE. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT WILL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF ANY PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY
OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE REQUIREMENTS OF LAW. 

Section 9.11. Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY
IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE REQUIREMENTS OF LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY SUIT, ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY) DIRECTLY OR
INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY. EACH PARTY HERETO (a) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HERETO HAS
REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (b) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY,
AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 9.11. 

Section 9.12. Headings. Article
and Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement. 

Section 9.13. Confidentiality. Each of the Administrative Agent, each Lender, each Issuing Bank and each Arranger agrees (and each
Lender agrees to cause its SPC, if any) to maintain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information (as defined below), except that Confidential Information may be disclosed (a) to its and its Affiliates directors, officers, managers,
employees, independent auditors, or other experts and advisors, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors (collectively, the Representatives) on a need to know basis solely in connection with the
transactions contemplated hereby and who are informed of the confidential nature of the Confidential Information and are or have been advised of their obligation to keep the Confidential Information of this type confidential; provided that
such Person shall be responsible for its Affiliates and their Representatives compliance with this paragraph; provided, further, that unless the Borrower otherwise consents, no such disclosure shall be made by the
Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank, any Arranger, any Lender or any Affiliate or Representative thereof to any Affiliate or Representative of the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank, any Arranger, or any Lender that is a Disqualified
Institution, (b) to the extent compelled by legal process in, or reasonably necessary to, the defense of such legal, judicial or administrative proceeding, in any legal, judicial or administrative proceeding or otherwise as required by
applicable Requirements of Law (in which case such Person shall (i) to the extent permitted by applicable Requirements of Law, inform the Borrower promptly in advance thereof and (ii) use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that any
such information so disclosed is accorded confidential treatment), (c) upon the demand or request of any regulatory or governmental authority (including any self-regulatory body) purporting to have jurisdiction over such Person or its
Affiliates (in which case such Person shall, except with respect to any audit or examination conducted by bank accountants or any Governmental Authority or regulatory or self-regulatory authority exercising examination or regulatory authority, to
the extent permitted by applicable Requirements of Law, (i) inform the Borrower promptly in advance thereof and (ii) use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that any information so disclosed is accorded confidential treatment),
(d) to any other party to this Agreement, (e) subject to an acknowledgment and agreement by the relevant recipient that the Confidential Information is being disseminated 

166 

on a confidential basis (on substantially the terms set forth in this paragraph or as otherwise reasonably acceptable to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, including as set forth in the
Information Memorandum) in accordance with the standard syndication process of the Arrangers or market standards for dissemination of the relevant type of information, which shall in any event require click through or other affirmative
action on the part of the recipient to access the Confidential Information and acknowledge its confidentiality obligations in respect thereof, to (i) any Eligible Assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective Eligible Assignee of or
prospective Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement, including any SPC (in each case other than a Disqualified Institution), (ii) any pledgee referred to in Section 9.05, (iii) any actual or
prospective, direct or indirect contractual counterparty (or its advisors) to any Derivative Transaction (including any credit default swap) or similar derivative product to which any Loan Party is a party and (iv) subject to the
Borrowers prior approval of the information to be disclosed, (x) to Moodys or S&P on a confidential basis in connection with obtaining or maintaining ratings as required under Section 5.13 or (y) to the CUSIP
Service Bureau or any similar agency in connection with the issuance and monitoring of CUSIP numbers with respect to the facilities or, on a confidential basis, market data collectors and service providers to the Administrative Agent in connection
with the administration and management of this Agreement and the Loan Documents, (f) with the prior written consent of the Borrower and (g) to the extent the Confidential Information becomes publicly available other than as a result of a
breach of this Section 9.13 by such Person, its Affiliates or their respective Representatives. For purposes of this Section 9.13, Confidential Information means all information relating to Holdings, the
Borrower and/or any of its Subsidiaries and their respective businesses or the Transactions (including any information obtained by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank, any Lender or any Arranger, or any of their respective Affiliates or
Representatives, based on a review of any books and records relating to Holdings, the Borrower and/or any of its Subsidiaries and their respective Affiliates from time to time, including prior to the date hereof) other than any such information that
is publicly available to the Administrative Agent or any Arranger, Issuing Bank, or Lender on a non-confidential basis prior to disclosure by Holdings, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. For the avoidance of doubt, in no event shall any
disclosure of any Confidential Information be made to a Person that is a Disqualified Institution at the time of disclosure (other than any Excluded Party that is a senior employee of a Lead Arranger who is required, in accordance with industry
regulations or such Lead Arrangers internal policies and procedures, to act in a supervisory capacity and such Lead Arrangers internal, legal, compliance, risk management, credit or investment committee members). 

Section 9.14. No Fiduciary Duty. Each of the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, each Lender, each Issuing Bank and their
respective Affiliates (collectively, solely for purposes of this paragraph, the Lenders), may have economic interests that conflict with those of the Loan Parties, their stockholders and/or their respective affiliates. Each Loan Party
agrees that nothing in the Loan Documents or otherwise will be deemed to create an advisory, fiduciary or agency relationship or fiduciary or other implied duty between the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, any Lender, any Issuing Bank or their
respective Affiliates, on the one hand, and such Loan Party, its respective stockholders or its respective affiliates, on the other. Each Loan Party acknowledges and agrees that: (i) the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents
(including the exercise of rights and remedies hereunder and thereunder) are arms-length commercial transactions between the Lenders, on the one hand, and the Loan Parties, on the other, and (ii) in connection therewith and with the
process leading thereto, (x) no Lender, in its capacity as such, has assumed an advisory or fiduciary responsibility in favor of any Loan Party, its respective stockholders or its respective affiliates with respect to the transactions
contemplated hereby (or the exercise of rights or remedies with respect thereto) or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether any Lender has advised, is currently advising or will advise any Loan Party, its respective stockholders or its
respective Affiliates on other matters) or any other obligation to any Loan Party except the obligations expressly set forth in the Loan Documents and (y) each Lender, in its capacity as such, is acting solely as principal and not as the agent
or fiduciary of such Loan Party, its respective management, stockholders, creditors or any other Person. Each Loan Party acknowledges and agrees that such Loan Party has consulted its own legal, tax and financial advisors to the extent it deemed
appropriate and that it is responsible for making its own independent judgment with respect to such transactions and the process leading thereto. To the fullest extent permitted by the applicable Requirements of Law, each Loan Party hereby waives
any claim that it may have against the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks, the Swingline Lender, the Arrangers, any Lender or any of their respective Affiliates with respect to any breach or alleged breach of fiduciary duty arising solely by
virtue of this Agreement. 

Section 9.15. Several Obligations. The respective obligations of the Lenders hereunder are several
and not joint and the failure of any Lender to make any Loan, issue any Letter of Credit or perform any of its obligations hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender from any of its obligations hereunder. 

167 

Section 9.16. USA PATRIOT Act. Each Lender that is subject to the requirements
of the USA PATRIOT Act hereby notifies the Loan Parties that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each Loan Party, which information includes the name and
address of such Loan Party and other information that will allow such Lender to identify such Loan Party in accordance with the USA PATRIOT Act. 

Section 9.17. Disclosure of Agent Conflicts. Each Loan Party, each Issuing Bank and each Lender hereby acknowledge and agree that
the Administrative Agent and/or its Affiliates from time to time may hold investments in, make other loans to or have other relationships with any of the Loan Parties and their respective Affiliates. 

Section 9.18. Appointment for Perfection. Each Lender hereby appoints each other Lender and each Issuing Bank as its agent for the
purpose of perfecting Liens for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders, in assets which, in accordance with Article 9 of the UCC or any other applicable Requirement of Law can be perfected only by possession. If
any Lender or Issuing Bank (other than the Administrative Agent) obtains possession of any Collateral, such Lender, Issuing Bank shall notify the Administrative Agent thereof and, promptly upon the Administrative Agents request therefor shall
deliver such Collateral to the Administrative Agent or otherwise deal with such Collateral in accordance with the Administrative Agents instructions. The Lenders hereby acknowledge and agree that the Administrative Agent may act, subject to
and in accordance with the terms of any Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement, and any other applicable intercreditor or subordination agreement, as the collateral agent for the Lenders. 

Section 9.19. Interest Rate Limitation . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the interest rate applicable to
any Loan or Letter of Credit, together with all fees, charges and other amounts which are treated as interest on such Loan or Letter of Credit under applicable Requirements of Law (collectively the Charged Amounts), shall exceed
the maximum lawful rate (the Maximum Rate) which may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by the Lender or Issuing Bank holding such Loan or Letter of Credit in accordance with applicable Requirements of Law,
the rate of interest payable in respect of such Loan or Letter of Credit hereunder, together with all Charged Amounts payable in respect thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate and, to the extent lawful, the interest and Charged Amounts that
would have been payable in respect of such Loan or Letter of Credit but were not payable as a result of the operation of this Section 9.19 shall be cumulated and the interest and Charged Amounts payable to such Lender or Issuing Bank in
respect of other Loans or Letters of Credit or periods shall be increased (but not above the Maximum Rate therefor) until such cumulated amount, together with interest thereon at the Federal Funds Effective Rate to the date of repayment, have been
received by such Lender or Issuing Bank. 

Section 9.20. [Reserved]. 

Section 9.21. Conflicts. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, in the event of
any conflict or inconsistency between this Agreement and any other Loan Document, the terms of this Agreement shall govern and control; provided that in the case of any conflict or inconsistency between any Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement
and any Loan Document, the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement shall govern and control. 

Section 9.22. Release of
Guarantors. Notwithstanding anything in Section 9.02(b) to the contrary, (a) any Subsidiary Guarantor shall automatically be released from its obligations hereunder (and its Loan Guaranty shall be automatically released)
(i) upon the consummation of any permitted transaction or series of related transactions if as a result thereof such Subsidiary Guarantor ceases to be a Restricted Subsidiary or becomes an Excluded Subsidiary as a result of a single transaction
or series of related transactions permitted hereunder and/or (ii) upon the occurrence of the Termination Date and (b) any Subsidiary Guarantor that meets the definition of an Excluded Subsidiary (if not automatically released
pursuant to clause (a)(i) above) shall be released by the Administrative Agent promptly following the request therefor by the Borrower (in each case, subject to the Specified Guarantor Release Provision). In connection with any such release, the
Administrative Agent shall promptly execute and deliver to the relevant Loan Party, at such Loan Partys expense, all documents that such Loan Party shall reasonably request to evidence termination or release; provided, that upon the
request of the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall deliver a certificate of a Responsible Officer certifying that the relevant transaction has been consummated in compliance with the terms of this Agreement. Any execution and delivery of any
document pursuant to the preceding sentence of this Section 9.22 shall be without recourse to or warranty by the Administrative Agent (other than as to the Administrative Agents authority to execute and deliver such documents).

168 

Section 9.23. [Reserved]. 

Section 9.24. Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such
liability is unsecured, may be subject to the write-down and conversion powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 

(a) application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which
may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and 

(b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such
liability, including, if applicable: 

(i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; 

(ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected
Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any
such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or 

(iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in
connection with the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 

Section 9.25.
Acknowledgment Regarding any Supported QFCs. To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, of Swap Obligations or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit
Support and each such QFC, a Supported QFC), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and
Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes) in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with
the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States): 

(a) In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party) becomes subject to a proceeding
under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing
such Supported QFC) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and
rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime,
Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be
exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that
rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. 

169 

(b) As used in this Section 9.25, the following terms shall have the following
meanings: 

BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under,
and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 

Covered Entity means any of the
following: 

(i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R.
252.82(b); 

(ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12
C.F.R. 47.3(b); or 

(iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with,
12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 

Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be
interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 

QFC has
the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 

[Signature Pages Intentionally Omitted] 

170
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d900396dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

CCC Intelligent Solutions Completes Acquisition of EvolutionIQ 

Combined strength of AI-based platforms to revolutionize claim resolution across the insurance economy 

CHICAGO--(Business Wire)--Jan. 6, 2025--CCC Intelligent Solutions Inc. (CCC), a leading cloud platform
provider powering the P&C insurance economy and a subsidiary of CCC Intelligent Solutions Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ: CCCS) (CCCS), announced today that it has completed the previously announced acquisition of EvolutionIQ, Inc.
(EvolutionIQ), the leading platform for AI-powered guidance for disability and injury claims management. 

We are excited to officially welcome the EvolutionIQ team to the CCC family, said Githesh Ramamurthy, chairman and chief executive officer of CCC.
The acquisition expands CCCs market reach into strategic adjacencies disability and workers compensation while strengthening our industry-leading AI-powered SaaS platform
through the addition of transformative AI capabilities, including Medical Summarization and Next Best Action, that will work to revolutionize how insurance claims are resolved. 

As previously announced, CCC acquired EvolutionIQ using a combination of cash and CCCS common stock. Together with the announcement of the EvolutionIQ
acquisition on December 20, 2024, it was announced that CCCs board of directors authorized a share repurchase program of up to $300 million. 

About CCC 

CCC Intelligent Solutions Inc. (CCC), a
subsidiary of CCC Intelligent Solutions Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ: CCCS), is a leading cloud platform provider for the multi-trillion-dollar P&C insurance economy, creating intelligent experiences for insurers, repairers, automakers, part suppliers,
and more. The CCC Intelligent Experience (IX) Cloud platform, powered by proven AI and an innovative event-based architecture, connects more than 35,000 businesses to power customized
applications and platforms for optimal outcomes and personalized experiences that just work. Through purposeful innovation and the strength of its connections, CCC technologies empower the people and industry relied upon to keep lives moving forward
when it matters most. Learn more about CCC at www.cccis.com. 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This press release contains forward-looking statements that are based on beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available. In some cases, you can
identify forward-looking statements by the following words: may, will, could, would, should, expect, intend, plan, anticipate,
believe, estimate, predict, project, potential, continue, ongoing or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology, although not all forward-looking
statements contain these words. These statements involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from the information expressed or implied by
these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements in this press release include, but are not limited to, statements regarding future use and performance of CCCs and EvolutionIQs digital solutions, the anticipated benefits of
the 

transaction and expected synergies resulting from the transaction. We cannot assure you that the forward-looking statements in this press release will prove to be accurate. These forward-looking
statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including, among others, competition, including technological advances and new products marketed by competitors; changes to applicable laws and regulations; and other risks and
uncertainties, including those included under the header Risk Factors in CCCs filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including the Form 10-K filed
February 28, 2024, which can be obtained, without charge, at the SECs website (www.sec.gov). The forward-looking statements in this press release represent our views as of the date of this press release. We anticipate that subsequent
events and developments will cause our views to change. However, while we may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we have no current intention of doing so except to the extent required by applicable law. You
should, therefore, not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to the date of this press release. 

Investor Contact: 

Bill Warmington 

VP, Investor Relations, CCC Intelligent Solutions Inc. 

312-229-2355

IR@cccis.com 

Media Contact: 

Michelle Hellyar 

Senior Director, Corporate Marketing, CCC Intelligent Solutions Inc. 

mhellyar@cccis.com 

Source: CCC Intelligent Solutions
Inc.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>cccs-20250106.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>cccs-20250106_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>cccs-20250106_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Document and Entity Information

Jan. 06, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001818201

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Jan. 06, 2025

Entity Registrant Name CCC Intelligent Solutions Holdings Inc.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-39447

Entity Tax Identification Number 98-1546280

Entity Address, Address Line One 167 N. Green Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two 9th Floor

Entity Address, City or Town Chicago

Entity Address, State or Province IL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 60607

City Area Code (800)

Local Phone Number 621-8070

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol CCCS

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://cccis.com//20250106/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

cccs-20250106.xsd 
cccs-20250106_lab.xml 
cccs-20250106_pre.xml 
d900396d8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-002624-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>d900396d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001818201 

2025-01-06 
2025-01-06 

false 
0001818201 
8-K 
2025-01-06 
CCC Intelligent Solutions Holdings Inc. 
DE 
001-39447 
98-1546280 
167 N. Green Street 
9th Floor 
Chicago 
IL 
60607 
(800) 
621-8070 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
CCCS 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>