<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-003070.txt : 20250121
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-003070.hdr.sgml : 20250121
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250121164616
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-003070
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250121
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250121
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250121

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			My Size, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001211805
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37370
		FILM NUMBER:		25543046

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4 HANEGEV ST,
		STREET 2:		POB 1026,
		CITY:			AIRPORT CITY
		STATE:			L3
		ZIP:			7010000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		972-36009030

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4 HANEGEV ST,
		STREET 2:		POB 1026,
		CITY:			AIRPORT CITY
		STATE:			L3
		ZIP:			7010000

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Mysize Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150317

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TOPSPIN MEDICAL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20021226
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000121180500012118052025-01-212025-01-21iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

Form
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 21, 2025

My Size, Inc.

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Delaware 001-37370 51-0394637

(State
or other jurisdiction

of
incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(I.R.S.
Employer

Identification
No.)

HaNegev 4, POB 1026 

Airport City, Israel 7010000

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: +972-3-600-9030

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, $0.001 par value per share MYSZ Nasdaq
Capital Market

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On
January 21, 2025, My Size, Inc. (the Company), entered into an At The Market Offering Agreement, (the Offering Agreement),
with H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC, as agent (Wainwright), pursuant to which the Company may offer and sell, from time
to time through Wainwright shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Common Stock), having
an aggregate offering price of up to $4.1 million (the Shares).

The
offer and sale of the Shares will be made pursuant to a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 and the related prospectus (File No.
333-276249) filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC), on September 13, 2023 and, declared
effective by the SEC on December 29, 2023, as supplemented by a prospectus supplement dated January 21, 2025 and filed with the SEC
pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act).

Pursuant
to the Offering Agreement, Wainwright may sell the Shares by any method permitted by law deemed to be an at the market offering
as defined in Rule 415 of the Securities Act including sales made by means of ordinary brokers transactions, including on The
Nasdaq Capital Market, at market prices or as otherwise permitted by law. Wainwright will use commercially reasonable efforts consistent
with its normal trading and sales practices to sell the Shares pursuant to the Offering Agreement from time to time, based upon instructions
from the Company, including any price or size limits or other customary parameters or conditions the Company may impose.

The
Company is not obligated to make any sales of the Shares under the Offering Agreement. The offering of Shares pursuant to the Offering
Agreement will terminate upon the earliest of (a) the sale of all of the Shares subject to the Offering Agreement and (b) the termination
of the Offering Agreement by Wainwright or the Company, as permitted therein.

The
Company will pay to Wainwright a cash commission of 3% of the gross sales price of any Common Stock sold under the Offering Agreement
and has agreed to provide Wainwright with customary indemnification and contribution rights. The Company will also reimburse Wainwright
for certain specified expenses in connection with entering into the Offering Agreement.

The
Offering Agreement contains customary representations and warranties and conditions to the sale of the Shares pursuant thereto.

The
foregoing description of the Offering Agreement is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of such
agreement, a copy of which is filed herewith as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference
into this Item 1.01. A copy of the opinion of Greenberg Traurig, LLP relating to the legality of the securities is filed as Exhibit 5.1
to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference into this Item 1.01.

This
Current Report on Form 8-K shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy the Common Stock discussed herein,
nor shall there be any offer, solicitation, or sale of securities in any state in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful
prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state.

Item
9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits

Exhibit Description

5.1 Opinion of Greenberg Traurig, LLP

10.1 At the Market Offering Agreement, dated January 21, 2025, between the Company and H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC

23.1 Consent of Greenberg Traurig, LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1 hereto)

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL documents)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

MY
SIZE, INC.

January 21, 2025 By: /s/
Ronen Luzon

Name:
Ronen
Luzon

Title: Chief
Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex5-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
5.1

January 21, 2025

My
Size, Inc.

HaNegev
4, POB 1026

Airport
City, Israel, 7010000

Re:
My Size, Inc.

Ladies
and Gentlemen:

We
have acted as special counsel to My Size, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), in connection with the sale from
time to time by the Company pursuant to the At the Market Offering Agreement executed by the Company and H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC
on January 21, 2025 (the Offering Agreement), of shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.001 per share
(Common Stock), having an aggregate offering price of up to $4,100,000 (the ATM Shares). The ATM Shares will
be issued pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-276249), filed by the Company with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the SEC) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), the base
prospectus contained therein, and the prospectus supplement dated January 21, 2025 filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the
Securities Act (the Prospectus Supplement, and together with the base prospectus, the Prospectus).

In
rendering our opinions set forth below, we have reviewed the Registration Statement and the Prospectus Supplement and the exhibits thereto.
We have also reviewed such corporate documents and records of the Company, such certificates of public officials and officers of the
Company and such other matters as we have deemed necessary or appropriate for purposes of this opinion. In our examination, we have assumed:
(i) the authenticity of original documents and the genuineness of all signatures; (ii) the conformity to the originals of all documents
submitted to us as copies; (iii) the truth, accuracy and completeness of the information, representations and warranties contained in
the instruments, documents, certificates and records we have reviewed; and (iv) the legal capacity for all purposes relevant hereto of
all natural persons and, with respect to all parties to agreements or instruments relevant hereto other than the Company, that such parties
had the requisite power and authority (corporate or otherwise) to execute, deliver and perform such agreements or instruments, that such
agreements or instruments have been duly authorized by all requisite action (corporate or otherwise), executed and delivered by such
parties and that such agreements or instruments are the valid, binding and enforceable obligations of such parties. As to any facts material
to the opinions expressed herein that were not independently established or verified, we have relied upon oral or written statements
and representations of officers and other representatives of the Company.

Based
upon, subject to and limited by the foregoing, we are of the opinion that, as of the date hereof, when the ATM Shares have been
issued and sold in accordance with the Offering Agreement, and as described in the Registration Statement and Prospectus, the ATM Shares
will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.

The
opinion set forth above are subject to the following exceptions, limitations and qualifications: (i) the effect of bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, fraudulent conveyance, moratorium or other similar laws now or hereafter in effect relating to or affecting the rights
and remedies of creditors; (ii) the effect of general principles of equity, including without limitation, concepts of materiality, reasonableness,
good faith and fair dealing and the possible unavailability of specific performance or injunctive relief, regardless of whether enforcement
is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law, and the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought;
and (iii) the unenforceability under certain circumstances under law or court decisions of provisions providing for the indemnification
of, or contribution to, a party with respect to liability where such indemnification or contribution is contrary to public policy. We
express no opinion concerning the enforceability of any waiver of rights or defenses with respect to stay, extension or usury laws.

We
express no opinion as to the applicability of, compliance with or effect of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the General Corporation
Law of the State of Delaware and, to the extent relevant to the opinions expressed herein, the laws of the State of New York.

We
hereby consent to the inclusion of this opinion as Exhibit 5.1 to the Registration Statement and to the references to our firm therein
and in the Prospectus under the caption Legal Matters. In giving our consent, we do not admit that we are in the category
of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder.

This
opinion speaks only as of the date hereof. We expressly disclaim any responsibility to advise you of any development or circumstance
of any kind, including any change of law or fact, that may occur after the date of this opinion that might affect the opinions expressed
therein.

Very
truly yours,

/s/ Greenberg Traurig,
LLP

Greenberg
Traurig, LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

AT
THE MARKET OFFERING AGREEMENT

January ___, 2025

H.C.
Wainwright & Co., LLC

430
Park Avenue

New
York, New York 10022

Ladies
and Gentlemen:

My
Size, Inc., a corporation organized under the laws of Delaware (the Company), confirms its agreement (this Agreement)
with H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC (the Manager) as follows:

1. Definitions.
The terms that follow, when used in this Agreement and any Terms Agreement, shall have the meanings indicated.

Accountants
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4(m).

Act
shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder.

Action
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(p).

Affiliate
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(o).

Applicable
Time shall mean, with respect to any Shares, the time of sale of such Shares pursuant to this Agreement or any relevant Terms
Agreement.

Base
Prospectus shall mean the base prospectus contained in the Registration Statement at the Execution Time.

Board
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2(b)(iii).

Broker
Fee shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2(b)(v).

Business
Day shall mean any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, that, for purposes of clarity, commercial banks shall not be deemed
to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential
employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental
authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York
generally are open for use by customers on such day.

Commission
shall mean the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.

Common
Stock Equivalents shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(g).

Company
Counsel shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4(l).

DTC
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2(b)(vii).

Effective
Date shall mean each date and time that the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment or amendments thereto
became or becomes effective.

Exchange
Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated
thereunder.

Execution
Time shall mean the date and time that this Agreement is executed and delivered by the parties hereto.

Free
Writing Prospectus shall mean a free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 405.

GAAP
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(m).

Incorporated
Documents shall mean the documents or portions thereof filed with the Commission on or prior to the Effective Date that are
incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus and any documents or portions thereof filed with the Commission
after the Effective Date that are deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus.

Intellectual
Property Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(v).

Issuer
Free Writing Prospectus shall mean an issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433.

2

Losses
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 7(d).

Material
Adverse Effect shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(b).

Material
Permits shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(t).

Net
Proceeds shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2(b)(v).

Permitted
Free Writing Prospectus shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4(g).

Placement
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2(c).

Proceeding
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(b).

Prospectus
shall mean the Base Prospectus, as supplemented by the most recently filed Prospectus Supplement.

Prospectus
Supplement shall mean each prospectus supplement relating to the Shares prepared and filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) from time
to time.

Registration
Statement shall mean the shelf registration statement (File Number 333-276249) on Form S-3, including exhibits and financial
statements and any prospectus supplement relating to the Shares that is filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) and deemed
part of such registration statement pursuant to Rule 430B, as amended on each Effective Date and, in the event any post-effective amendment
thereto becomes effective, shall also mean such registration statement as so amended.

Representation
Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4(k).

Required
Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(e).

Rule
158, Rule 164, Rule 172, Rule 173, Rule 405,
Rule 415, Rule 424, Rule 430B and Rule 433 refer
to such rules under the Act.

Sales
Notice shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2(b)(i).

3

SEC
Reports shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(m).

Settlement
Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2(b)(vii).

Subsidiary
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(a).

Terms
Agreement shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2(a).

Time
of Delivery shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2(c).

Trading
Day means a day on which the Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means the Nasdaq Capital Market.

2. Sale
and Delivery of Shares. The Company proposes to issue and sell through or to the Manager, as sales agent and/or principal, from time
to time during the term of this Agreement and on the terms set forth herein, up to such number of shares (the Shares)
of the Companys common stock, $0.001 par value per share (Common Stock), that does not exceed (a) the number
or dollar amount of shares of Common Stock registered on the Registration Statement and as reflected on the Prospectus Supplement, pursuant
to which the offering is being made, (b) the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock (less the number of shares of Common
Stock issuable upon exercise, conversion or exchange of any outstanding securities of the Company or otherwise reserved from the Companys
authorized capital stock), or (c) the number or dollar amount of shares of Common Stock that would cause the Company or the offering
of the Shares to not satisfy the eligibility and transaction requirements for use of Form S-3, including, if applicable, General Instruction
I.B.6 of Registration Statement on Form S-3 (the lesser of (a), (b) and (c), the Maximum Amount). Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, the parties hereto agree that compliance with the limitations set forth in this Section 2
on the number and aggregate sales price of Shares issued and sold under this Agreement shall be the sole responsibility of the Company
and that the Manager shall have no obligation in connection with such compliance.

(a) Appointment
of Manager as Selling Agent; Terms Agreement. For purposes of selling the Shares through the Manager, the Company hereby appoints
the Manager as exclusive agent of the Company for the purpose of selling the Shares of the Company pursuant to this Agreement and the
Manager agrees to use its commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales practices to sell the Shares on
the terms and subject to the conditions stated herein. The Company agrees that, whenever it determines to sell the Shares directly to
the Manager as principal, it will enter into a separate agreement (each, a Terms Agreement) in substantially the
form of Annex I hereto, relating to such sale in accordance with Section 2 of this Agreement.

4

(b) Agent
Sales. Subject to the terms and conditions and in reliance upon the representations and warranties herein set forth, the Company
will issue and agrees to sell Shares from time to time through the Manager, acting as sales agent, and the Manager agrees to use its
commercially reasonable efforts to sell, as sales agent for the Company, on the following terms:

(i) The
Shares are to be sold on a daily basis or otherwise as shall be agreed to by the Company and the Manager on any day that (A) is a Trading
Day, (B) the Company has instructed the Manager by telephone (confirmed promptly by electronic mail) to make such sales (Sales
Notice) and (C) the Company has satisfied its obligations under Section 6 of this Agreement. The Company will designate the
maximum amount of the Shares to be sold by the Manager daily (subject to the limitations set forth in Section 2(d)) and the minimum price
per Share at which such Shares may be sold. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Manager shall use its commercially reasonable
efforts to sell on a particular day all of the Shares designated for the sale by the Company on such day. The gross sales price of the
Shares sold under this Section 2(b) shall be the market price for the shares of Common Stock sold by the Manager under this Section 2(b)
on the Trading Market at the time of sale of such Shares.

(ii) The
Company acknowledges and agrees that (A) there can be no assurance that the Manager will be successful in selling the Shares, (B) the
Manager will incur no liability or obligation to the Company or any other person or entity if it does not sell the Shares for any reason
other than a failure by the Manager to use its commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales practices
and applicable law and regulations to sell such Shares as required under this Agreement, and (C) the Manager shall be under no obligation
to purchase Shares on a principal basis pursuant to this Agreement, except as otherwise specifically agreed by the Manager and the Company
pursuant to a Terms Agreement.

(iii) The
Company shall not authorize the issuance and sale of, and the Manager shall not be obligated to use its commercially reasonable efforts
to sell, any Share at a price lower than the minimum price therefor designated from time to time by the Companys Board of Directors
(the Board), or a duly authorized committee thereof, or such duly authorized officers of the Company, and notified
to the Manager in writing. The Company or the Manager may, upon notice to the other party hereto by telephone (confirmed promptly by
electronic mail), suspend the offering of the Shares for any reason and at any time; provided, however, that such suspension
or termination shall not affect or impair the parties respective obligations with respect to the Shares sold hereunder prior to
the giving of such notice.

5

(iv) The
Manager may sell Shares by any method permitted by law deemed to be an at the market offering as defined in Rule 415 under
the Act, including without limitation sales made directly on the Trading Market, on any other existing trading market for the Common
Stock or to or through a market maker. The Manager may also sell Shares in privately negotiated transactions, provided that the Manager
receives the Companys prior written approval for any sales in privately negotiated transactions and if so provided in the Plan
of Distribution section of the Prospectus Supplement or a supplement to the Prospectus Supplement or a new Prospectus Supplement
disclosing the terms of such privately negotiated transaction.

(v) The
compensation to the Manager for sales of the Shares under this Section 2(b) shall be a placement fee of 3.0% of the gross sales price
of the Shares sold pursuant to this Section 2(b) (Broker Fee). The foregoing rate of compensation shall not apply
when the Manager acts as principal, in which case the Company may sell Shares to the Manager as principal at a price agreed upon at the
relevant Applicable Time pursuant to a Terms Agreement. The remaining proceeds, after deduction of the Broker Fee and deduction of any
transaction fees imposed by any clearing firm, execution broker, or governmental or self-regulatory organization in respect of such sales,
shall constitute the net proceeds to the Company for such Shares (the Net Proceeds).

(vi) The
Manager shall provide written confirmation (which may be by facsimile or electronic mail) to the Company following the close of trading
on the Trading Market each day in which the Shares are sold under this Section 2(b) setting forth the number of the Shares sold on such
day, the aggregate gross sales proceeds and the Net Proceeds to the Company, and the compensation payable by the Company to the Manager
with respect to such sales.

6

(vii) Unless
otherwise agreed between the Company and the Manager, settlement for sales of the Shares will occur at 10:00 a.m. (New York City time)
on the first (1st) Trading Day (or any such shorter settlement cycle as may be in effect pursuant to Rule 15c6-1 under the Exchange Act
from time to time) following the date on which such sales are made (each, a Settlement Date). On or before the Trading
Day prior to each Settlement Date, the Company will, or will cause its transfer agent to, electronically transfer the Shares being sold
by crediting the Managers or its designees account (provided that the Manager shall have given the Company written notice
of such designee at least one Trading Day prior to the Settlement Date) at The Depository Trust Company (DTC) through
its Deposit and Withdrawal at Custodian System or by such other means of delivery as may be mutually agreed upon by the parties hereto
which Shares in all cases shall be freely tradable, transferable, registered shares in good deliverable form. On each Settlement Date,
the Manager will deliver the related Net Proceeds in same day funds to an account designated by the Company. The Company agrees that,
if the Company, or its transfer agent (if applicable), defaults in its obligation to deliver duly authorized Shares on a Settlement Date,
in addition to and in no way limiting the rights and obligations set forth in Section 7 hereto, the Company will (i) hold the Manager
harmless against any loss, claim, damage, or reasonable, documented expense (including reasonable and documented legal fees and expenses),
as incurred, arising out of or in connection with such default by the Company, and (ii) pay to the Manager any commission, discount or
other compensation to which the Manager would otherwise have been entitled absent such default.

(viii) At
each Applicable Time, Settlement Date, and Representation Date, the Company shall be deemed to have affirmed each representation and
warranty contained in this Agreement as if such representation and warranty were made as of such date, modified as necessary to relate
to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus as amended as of such date. Any obligation of the Manager to use its commercially reasonable
efforts to sell the Shares on behalf of the Company shall be subject to the continuing accuracy of the representations and warranties
of the Company herein, to the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder and to the continuing satisfaction of the additional
conditions specified in Section 6 of this Agreement.

(ix) If
the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares
of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities,
property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar
transaction) (a Distribution and the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive the Distribution,
the Record Date), the Company hereby covenants that, in connection with any sales of Shares pursuant to a Sales
Notice on the Record Date, the Company shall issue and deliver such Shares to the Manager on the Record Date and the Record Date shall
be the Settlement Date and the Company shall cover any additional costs of the Manager in connection with the delivery of Shares on the
Record Date.

7

(c) Term
Sales. If the Company wishes to sell the Shares pursuant to this Agreement in a manner other than as set forth in Section 2(b) of
this Agreement (each, a Placement), the Company will notify the Manager of the proposed terms of such Placement.
If the Manager, acting as principal, wishes to accept such proposed terms (which it may decline to do for any reason in its sole discretion)
or, following discussions with the Company wishes to accept amended terms, the Manager and the Company will enter into a Terms Agreement
setting forth the terms of such Placement. The terms set forth in a Terms Agreement will not be binding on the Company or the Manager
unless and until the Company and the Manager have each executed such Terms Agreement accepting all of the terms of such Terms Agreement.
In the event of a conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the terms of a Terms Agreement, the terms of such Terms Agreement
will control. A Terms Agreement may also specify certain provisions relating to the reoffering of such Shares by the Manager. The commitment
of the Manager to purchase the Shares pursuant to any Terms Agreement shall be deemed to have been made on the basis of the representations
and warranties of the Company herein contained and shall be subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth. Each Terms Agreement
shall specify the number of the Shares to be purchased by the Manager pursuant thereto, the price to be paid to the Company for such
Shares, any provisions relating to rights of, and default by, underwriters acting together with the Manager in the reoffering of the
Shares, and the time and date (each such time and date being referred to herein as a Time of Delivery) and place
of delivery of and payment for such Shares. Such Terms Agreement shall also specify any requirements for opinions of counsel, accountants
letters and officers certificates pursuant to Section 6 of this Agreement and any other information or documents reasonably required
by the Manager.

(d) Maximum
Number of Shares. Under no circumstances shall the Company cause or request the offer or sale of any Shares if, after giving effect
to the sale of such Shares, the aggregate amount of Shares sold pursuant to this Agreement would exceed the lesser of (A) together with
all sales of Shares under this Agreement, the Maximum Amount, (B) the amount available for offer and sale under the currently effective
Registration Statement and (C) the amount authorized from time to time to be issued and sold under this Agreement by the Board, a duly
authorized committee thereof or a duly authorized executive committee, and notified to the Manager in writing. Under no circumstances
shall the Company cause or request the offer or sale of any Shares pursuant to this Agreement at a price lower than the minimum price
authorized from time to time by the Board, a duly authorized committee thereof or a duly authorized executive officer, and notified to
the Manager in writing. Further, under no circumstances shall the Company cause or permit the aggregate offering amount of Shares sold
pursuant to this Agreement to exceed the Maximum Amount.

8

(e) Regulation
M Notice. Unless the exceptive provisions set forth in Rule 101(c)(1) of Regulation M under the Exchange Act are satisfied with respect
to the Shares, the Company shall give the Manager at least one (1) Business Days prior notice of its intent to sell any Shares
in order to allow the Manager time to comply with Regulation M.

3. Representations
and Warranties. The Company represents and warrants to, and agrees with, the Manager at the Execution Time and on each such time
that the following representations and warranties are repeated or deemed to be made pursuant to this Agreement, as set forth below, except
as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or the Incorporated Documents.

(a) Subsidiaries.
All of the direct and indirect subsidiaries (individually, a Subsidiary) of the Company are set forth on Exhibit
21.1 to the Companys most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission. The Company owns, directly or indirectly,
all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens (which for purposes
of this Agreement shall mean a lien, charge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction),
and all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable
and free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities.

(b) Organization
and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization (as applicable), with the requisite power
and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary is in violation nor in default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws
or other organizational or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in
good standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property
owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be,
could not have or reasonably be expected to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of this
Agreement, (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business or condition (financial or otherwise) of the
Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, from that set forth in the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus, any Prospectus
Supplement, the Prospectus or the Incorporated Documents, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform
in any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under this Agreement (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material Adverse
Effect) and no Proceeding (which for purposes of this Agreement shall mean any action, claim, suit, investigation
or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding, such as a deposition), whether commenced
or threatened) has been instituted, or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened, in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or
curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.

9

(c) Authorization
and Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company and
the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company
and no further action is required by the Company, the Board or the Companys stockholders in connection herewith other than in
connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Company and, when delivered in accordance
with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance
with its terms, except (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium
and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to
the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution
provisions may be limited by applicable law.

(d) No
Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement, the issuance and sale of the Shares and the
consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys
or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict
with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation
of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment,
anti-dilution or similar adjustments, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement,
credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the
Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii)
subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction,
decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal
and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except
in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to
result in a Material Adverse Effect.

10

(e) Filings,
Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice to,
or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other Person
(defined as an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind, including the Trading Market)
in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement, other than (i) the filings required by this
Agreement, (ii) the filing with the Commission of the Prospectus Supplement, (iii) the filing of application(s) to and approval by the
Trading Market for the listing of the Shares for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby, and (iv) such filings as are
required to be made under applicable state securities laws and the rules and regulations of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority,
Inc. (FINRA) (collectively, the Required Approvals).

(f) Issuance
of Shares. The Shares are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with this Agreement, will be duly and validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company. The Company has reserved from its duly authorized
capital stock the maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Agreement. The issuance by the Company of the Shares
has been registered under the Act and all of the Shares are freely transferable and tradable by the purchasers thereof without restriction
(other than any restrictions arising solely from an act or omission of such a purchaser). The Shares are being issued pursuant to the
Registration Statement and the issuance of the Shares has been registered by the Company under the Act. The Plan of Distribution
section within the Registration Statement permits the issuance and sale of the Shares as contemplated by this Agreement. Upon receipt
of the Shares, the purchasers of such Shares will have good and marketable title to such Shares and the Shares will be freely tradable
on the Trading Market.

(g) Capitalization.
The capitalization of the Company is as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement and the
Prospectus. The Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, other
than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options under the Companys stock option plans, the issuance of shares of Common
Stock to employees pursuant to the Companys employee stock purchase plan and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of securities
exercisable, exchangeable or convertible into Common Stock (Common Stock Equivalents) outstanding as of the date
of the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act. No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right
of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Except as set forth in the
Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement and the Prospectus, there are no outstanding options, warrants,
scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any shares of Common Stock or the
capital stock of any Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is
or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or capital stock of any Subsidiary. The issuance
and sale of the Shares will not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person.
Except for securities or instruments that are exhibits to the Incorporated Documents, there are no outstanding securities or instruments
of the Company or any Subsidiary with any provision that adjusts the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price of such security or
instrument upon an issuance of securities by the Company or any Subsidiary. There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the
Company or any Subsidiary that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings
or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or such Subsidiary.
The Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement.
All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have
been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of
any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. No further approval or authorization of any stockholder,
the Board or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Shares. There are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other
similar agreements with respect to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company,
between or among any of the Companys stockholders.

11

(h) Registration
Statement. The Company meets the requirements for use of Form S-3 under the Act and has prepared and filed with the Commission the
Registration Statement, including a related Base Prospectus, for registration under the Act of the offering and sale of the Shares. Such
Registration Statement is effective and available for the offer and sale of the Shares as of the date hereof. As filed, the Base Prospectus
contains all material information required by the Act and the rules thereunder, and, except to the extent the Manager shall agree in
writing to a modification, shall be in all substantive respects in the form furnished to the Manager prior to the Execution Time or prior
to any such time this representation is repeated or deemed to be made. The Registration Statement, at the Execution Time, each such time
this representation is repeated or deemed to be made, and at all times during which a prospectus is required by the Act to be delivered
(whether physically or through compliance with Rule 172, 173 or any similar rule) in connection with any offer or sale of the Shares,
meets the requirements set forth in Rule 415(a)(1)(x). The initial Effective Date of the Registration Statement was not earlier than
the date three years before the Execution Time. The Company meets the transaction requirements as set forth in General Instruction I.B.1
of Form S-3 or, if applicable, as set forth in General Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3 with respect to the aggregate market value of securities
being sold pursuant to this offering and during the twelve (12) calendar months prior to such time that this representation is made or
deemed to be made.

(i) Accuracy
of Incorporated Documents. The Incorporated Documents, when they were filed with the Commission, conformed in all material respects
to the requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules thereunder, and none of the Incorporated Documents, when they were filed with the
Commission, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein,
in light of the circumstances under which they were made not misleading; and any further documents so filed and incorporated by reference
in the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement or the Prospectus, when such documents are filed with the
Commission, will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules thereunder, as applicable, and
will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

(j) Ineligible
Issuer. (i) At the earliest time after the filing of the Registration Statement that the Company or another offering participant
made a bona fide offer (within the meaning of Rule 164(h)(2)) of the Shares and (ii) as of the Execution Time and on each such time this
representation is repeated or deemed to be made (with such date being used as the determination date for purposes of this clause (ii)),
the Company was not and is not an Ineligible Issuer (as defined in Rule 405), without taking account of any determination by the Commission
pursuant to Rule 405 that it is not necessary that the Company be considered an Ineligible Issuer.

(k) Free
Writing Prospectus. The Company is eligible to use Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses. Each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus does not
include any information the substance of which conflicts with the information contained in the Registration Statement, including any
Incorporated Documents and any prospectus supplement deemed to be a part thereof that has not been superseded or modified; and each Issuer
Free Writing Prospectus does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order
to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The foregoing sentence
does not apply to statements in or omissions from any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus based upon and in conformity with written information
furnished to the Company by the Manager specifically for use therein. Any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that the Company is required
to file pursuant to Rule 433(d) has been, or will be, filed with the Commission in accordance with the requirements of the Act and the
rules thereunder. Each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that the Company has filed, or is required to file, pursuant to Rule 433(d) or
that was prepared by or behalf of or used by the Company complies or will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the
Act and the rules thereunder. The Company will not, without the prior consent of the Manager, prepare, use or refer to, any Issuer Free
Writing Prospectuses.

12

(l) Proceedings
Related to Registration Statement. The Registration Statement is not the subject of a pending proceeding or examination under Section
8(d) or 8(e) of the Act, and the Company is not the subject of a pending proceeding under Section 8A of the Act in connection with the
offering of the Shares. The Company has not received any notice that the Commission has issued or intends to issue a stop-order with
respect to the Registration Statement or that the Commission otherwise has suspended or withdrawn the effectiveness of the Registration
Statement, either temporarily or permanently, or, to the knowledge of the Company, intends or has threatened in writing to do so.

(m) SEC
Reports. The Company has complied in all material respects with requirements to file all reports, schedules, forms, statements and
other documents required to be filed by the Company under the Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d)
thereof, for the two years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file
such material) (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, together with
the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports) on a timely
basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such
extension. As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Act and the Exchange
Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading. The consolidated financial statements of the Company incorporated by reference in the Registration
Statement, the Prospectus Supplement and the Incorporated Documents and any amendments thereto or supplements thereto comply in all material
respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at
the time of filing or as amended or corrected in a subsequent filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with
United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (GAAP),
except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements
may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and
its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended,
subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments.

(n)
[RESERVED]

13

(o) Material
Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within
the SEC Reports, except as specifically disclosed in a subsequent SEC Report filed prior to the date on which this representation is
being made, (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had or that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued
expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in
the Companys financial statements pursuant to GAAP or not required to be disclosed in filings made with the Commission, (iii)
the Company has not altered its method of accounting, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash
or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock,
(v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate (defined as any Person
that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a Person,
as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 144 under the Act), except pursuant to existing Company stock option plans, and (vi)
no executive officer of the Company or member of the Board has resigned from any position with the Company. The Company does not have
pending before the Commission any request for confidential treatment of information. Except for the issuance of the Shares contemplated
by this Agreement, no event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected
to occur or exist with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, properties, operations, assets or financial
condition that would be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made
or deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed at least one (1) Trading Day prior to the date that this representation is made.

(p) Litigation.
Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement and the Prospectus, there is no action,
suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting
the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative
agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign) (collectively, an Action) which (i) adversely
affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of this Agreement or the Shares or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable
decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor, to the
knowledge of the Company, any director or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of
or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. There has not been, and to the knowledge
of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any current or former
director or officer of the Company. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration
statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Act.

14

(q) Labor
Relations. No material labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees
of the Company, which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries
employees is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe
that their relationships with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary,
is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary
information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third
party, and the continued employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability
with respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all applicable U.S. federal, state,
local and foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages
and hours, except where the failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect.

(r) Compliance.
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not been waived
that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor has the Company or
any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture, loan or credit agreement
or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound (whether or not such default
or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or order of any court, arbitrator or other governmental authority
or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority, including without limitation
all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational health and safety, product quality
and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect.

15

(s) Environmental
Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws relating to pollution
or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata),
including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or toxic or
hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise relating to
the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as
all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders,
permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder (Environmental Laws); (ii) have
received all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses;
and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where in each clause (i), (ii) and
(iii), the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

(t) Regulatory
Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate federal,
state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the Registration Statement,
the Base Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement and the Prospectus, except where the failure to possess such permits could not reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material Permits), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary
has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any Material Permit.

(u) Title
to Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them and good
and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries, in
each case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially
interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens for the payment
of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and, the payment of
which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. The Company and the Subsidiaries do not own any real property. Any real property
and facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with
which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance, except where such non-compliance would not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect.

16

(v) Intellectual
Property. The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark applications,
service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights and similar rights
necessary or material for use in connection with their respective businesses as described in the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus,
the Prospectus Supplement and the Prospectus and which the failure to so have could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the
Intellectual Property Rights). None of, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written
or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property Rights has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate
or be abandoned, within two (2) years from the date of this Agreement, except as such expiration, termination or abandonment would not
have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since the date of the latest audited financial statements
included within the SEC Reports, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge that the Intellectual Property Rights violate
or infringe upon the rights of any Person, except as could not have or reasonably be expected to not have a Material Adverse Effect.
To the knowledge of the Company, all Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable (other than patent and trademark applications) and
there is no existing infringement by another Person of any of the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have
taken commercially reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all of their Intellectual Property
Rights, except where failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect.

(w) Insurance.
The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in
such amounts as are prudent and customary for companies of similar size as the Company in the businesses in which the Company and the
Subsidiaries are engaged, including, but not limited to, directors and officers insurance coverage. To the knowledge of the Company,
such insurance contracts and policies are accurate and complete. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any reason to believe that
it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar
insurers as may be necessary to continue its business without a significant increase in cost.

(x) Affiliate
Transactions. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement and the Prospectus,
none of the officers or directors of the Company or any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the
Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees,
officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing
for rental of real or personal property to or from, providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring
payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director,
or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in
excess of $120,000 other than for (i) payment of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred
on behalf of the Company and (iii) other employee benefits, including stock option agreements under any stock option plan of the Company.

17

(y) Sarbanes
Oxley Compliance. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement and the Prospectus,
the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance with any and all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended,
that are effective as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the Commission thereunder that
are effective as of the date hereof. The Company and the Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to
provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations,
(ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset
accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, and
(iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken
with respect to any differences. The Company and the Subsidiaries have established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries and designed such disclosure controls and procedures
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms. The Companys
certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of the Company and the Subsidiaries as
of the end of the period covered by the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act (such date, the Evaluation
Date). The Company presented in its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying
officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation Date. Since
the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in the Exchange
Act) of the Company and its Subsidiaries that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the internal control
over financial reporting of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

(z) Certain
Fees. Other than payments to be made to the Manager, no brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will be payable by
the Company or any Subsidiary to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other
Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Manager shall have no obligation with respect to any fees
or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this Section that may be due in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

18

(aa) No
Other Sales Agency Agreement. The Company has not entered into any other sales agency agreements or other similar arrangements with
any agent or any other representative in respect of at the market offerings of the Shares.

(bb) Investment
Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Shares from the Manager
pursuant to this Agreement, will not be or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Company shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company
subject to registration under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Company shall conduct its business in a manner so as
to reasonably ensure that it or its Subsidiaries will not become an investment company subject to registration under the
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(cc) Listing
and Maintenance Requirements. The Common Stock is listed on the Trading Market and the issuance of the Shares as contemplated by
this Agreement does not contravene the rules and regulations of the Trading Market. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section
12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, and the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the
effect of, terminating the registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that
the Commission is contemplating terminating such registration. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus,
the Prospectus Supplement and the Prospectus, the Company has not, in the 12 months preceding the date hereof, received notice from any
Trading Market on which the Common Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the
listing or maintenance requirements of such Trading Market. The Company is, and has no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable
future continue to be, in compliance with all such listing and maintenance requirements. The Common Stock is currently eligible for electronic
transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation and the Company is current in payment of the
fees to the Depository Trust Company (or such other established clearing corporation) in connection with such electronic transfer.

(dd) Application
of Takeover Protections. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement and the
Prospectus, the Company and the Board have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable any control share acquisition,
business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or other similar anti-takeover provision under
the Companys certificate of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the laws of its state of incorporation that is or
could become applicable to the Shares.

19

(ee) Solvency.
Based on the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the date hereof, (i) the fair saleable value of the Companys
assets exceeds the amount that will be required to be paid on or in respect of the Companys existing debts and other liabilities
(including known contingent liabilities) as they mature, (ii) the Companys assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital
to carry on its business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted including its capital needs taking into account the particular
capital requirements of the business conducted by the Company, consolidated and projected capital requirements and capital availability
thereof, and (iii) the current cash flow of the Company, together with the proceeds the Company would receive, were it to liquidate all
of its assets, after taking into account all anticipated uses of the cash, would be sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of
its liabilities when such amounts are required to be paid. The Company does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such
debts as they mature (taking into account the timing and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt) within one year
from the date hereof. The Company has no knowledge of any facts or circumstances which lead it to believe that it will file for reorganization
or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization laws of any jurisdiction within one year from the date hereof. The SEC Reports
set forth as of the dates thereof all outstanding secured and unsecured Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary, or for which the
Company or any Subsidiary has commitments. For the purposes of this Agreement, Indebtedness means (x) any liabilities
for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess of $50,000 (other than accrued liabilities and trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary
course of business), (y) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent obligations in respect of indebtedness of others, whether
or not the same are or should be reflected in the Companys consolidated balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties
by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (z)
the present value of any lease payments in excess of $50,000 due under leases required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP. Except
for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect,
neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default with respect to any Indebtedness.

(ff) Tax
Status. Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all necessary United States federal, state and local income
and all foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations and have paid or accrued all taxes shown as due thereon, and
the Company has no knowledge of a tax deficiency which has been asserted or threatened against the Company or any report and declaration
required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are
material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its books provision
reasonably adequate for the payment of all material taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations
apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers
of the Company or of any Subsidiary know of no basis for any such claim.

20

(gg) Foreign
Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any agent or other
person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions,
gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to
foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds,
(iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf of
which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law, or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of the Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

(hh) Accountants.
The Companys accounting firm is set forth in the SEC Reports. To the knowledge and belief of the Company, such accounting firm
(i) is a registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act and (ii) shall express its opinion with respect to the financial
statements to be included in the Companys Annual Report for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2024.

(ii) Regulation
M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action
designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale
or resale of any of the Shares, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or, paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the Shares,
or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company,
other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), compensation paid to the Manager in connection with the Shares.

(jj) [RESERVED]

(kk) Stock
Option Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company under the Companys stock option plan was granted (i) in accordance
with the terms of the Companys stock option plan and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the
Common Stock on the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted under the
Companys stock option plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no Company
policy or practice to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options with, the
release or other public announcement of material information known at the time of the grant regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries
or their financial results or prospects.

21

(ll) Cybersecurity.
(i)(x) There has been no security breach or other compromise of or relating to any of the Companys or any Subsidiarys information
technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including the data of its respective customers, employees, suppliers,
vendors and any third party data maintained by or on behalf of it), equipment or technology (collectively, IT Systems and Data),
except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect, and (y) the Company and the Subsidiaries have
not been notified of, and has no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in, any security breach
or other compromise to its IT Systems and Data; (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries are presently in compliance with all applicable
laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority,
internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection of such
IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate,
have a Material Adverse Effect; (iii) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented and maintained commercially reasonable safeguards
to maintain and protect its material confidential information and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of all
IT Systems and Data; and (iv) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented backup and disaster recovery technology consistent with
industry standards and practices.

(mm) Compliance
with Data Privacy Laws. (i) The Company and the Subsidiaries are, and at all times during the past three years were, in compliance
with all applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations, including, as applicable, the European Union General Data Protection
Regulation (GDPR) (EU 2016/679) (collectively, Privacy Laws); (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries
have in place, comply with, and take appropriate steps reasonably designed to ensure compliance with their policies and procedures relating
to data privacy and security and the collection, storage, use, disclosure, handling and analysis of Personal Data (the Policies);
(iii) the Company provides accurate notice of its applicable Policies to its customers, employees, third party vendors and representatives
as required by applicable Privacy Laws; and (iv) applicable Policies provide accurate and sufficient notice of the Companys then-current
privacy practices relating to its subject matter, and do not contain any material omissions of the Companys then-current privacy
practices, as required by applicable Privacy Laws. Personal Data means (i) a natural persons name, street
address, telephone number, email address, photograph, social security number, bank information, or customer or account number; (ii) any
information which would qualify as personally identifying information under the Federal Trade Commission Act, as amended;
(iii) personal data as defined by GDPR; and (iv) any other piece of information that allows the identification of such
natural person, or his or her family, or permits the collection or analysis of any identifiable data related to an identified persons
health or sexual orientation. (i) None of such disclosures made or contained in any of the Policies have been inaccurate, misleading,
or deceptive in violation of any Privacy Laws and (ii) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement will not result in a
breach of any Privacy Laws or Policies. Neither the Company nor the Subsidiaries, (i) has, to the knowledge of the Company, received
written notice of any actual or potential liability of the Company or the Subsidiaries under, or actual or potential violation by the
Company or the Subsidiaries of, any applicable Privacy Laws; (ii) is currently conducting or paying for, in whole or in part, any investigation,
remediation or other corrective action pursuant to any regulatory request or demand pursuant to any applicable Privacy Law; or (iii)
is a party to any order, decree, or agreement by or with any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority that imposed
any obligation or liability under any applicable Privacy Law.

22

(nn) Office
of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor to the knowledge of the Company, any of the directors,
officers or employees of the Company or its Subsidiaries, is an individual or entity that is, or is owned or controlled by an individual
or entity that is: (i) the subject of any sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of Treasurys Office of Foreign
Assets Control, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, His Majestys Treasury, or other relevant sanctions authority
(collectively, Sanctions), nor (ii) located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject
of Sanctions. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries will, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the transactions contemplated
hereby, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Subsidiary, joint venture partner or other individual or
entity: (i) to fund or facilitate any activities or business of or with any individual or entity or in any country or territory that,
at the time of such funding or facilitation, is the subject of Sanctions or (ii) in any other manner that will result in a violation
of Sanctions by any individual or entity (including any individual or entity participating in the transactions contemplated hereby, whether
as underwriter, advisor, investor or otherwise). For the past five years, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has knowingly
engaged in, and is not now knowingly engaged in, any dealings or transactions with any individual or entity, or in any country or territory,
that at the time of the dealing or transaction is or was the subject of Sanctions.

(oo) U.S.
Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within the meaning
of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon the Managers request.

(pp) Bank
Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of
1956, as amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal
Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent
(5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the total equity of
a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
or Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and
to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

23

(qq) Money
Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable
financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, applicable
money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws),
and no Action or Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company
or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.

(rr) FINRA
Member Shareholders. There are no affiliations with any FINRA member firm among the Companys officers, directors or, to the
knowledge of the Company, any five percent (5%) or greater stockholder of the Company, except as set forth in the Registration Statement,
the Base Prospectus, any Prospectus Supplement or the Prospectus.

4. Agreements.
The Company agrees with the Manager that:

(a) Right
to Review Amendments and Supplements to Registration Statement and Prospectus. During any period when the delivery of a prospectus
relating to the Shares is required (including in circumstances where such requirement may be satisfied pursuant to Rule 172, 173 or any
similar rule) to be delivered under the Act in connection with the offering or the sale of Shares, the Company will not file any amendment
to the Registration Statement or supplement (including any Prospectus Supplement) to the Base Prospectus unless the Company has furnished
to the Manager a copy for its review prior to filing and will not file any such proposed amendment or supplement to which the Manager
reasonably objects (provided, however, that the Company will have no obligation to provide the Manager any advance copy of a filing or
to provide the Manager an opportunity to object to a filing if such filing does not name the Manager and does not relate to the transactions
contemplated herein). The Company has properly completed the Prospectus, in a form approved by the Manager, and filed or will file such
Prospectus, as amended at the Execution Time, with the Commission pursuant to the applicable paragraph of Rule 424(b) by the Execution
Time and will cause any supplement to the Prospectus to be properly completed, in a form approved by the Manager, and will file such
supplement with the Commission pursuant to the applicable paragraph of Rule 424(b) within the time period prescribed thereby and will
provide evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Manager of such timely filing. The Company will promptly advise the Manager (i) when
the Prospectus, and any supplement thereto, shall have been filed (if required) with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b), (ii) when,
during any period when the delivery of a prospectus (whether physically or through compliance with Rule 172, 173 or any similar rule)
is required under the Act in connection with the offering or sale of the Shares, any amendment to the Registration Statement shall have
been filed or become effective (other than any annual report of the Company filed pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange
Act), (iii) of any request by the Commission or its staff for any amendment of the Registration Statement, or for any supplement to the
Prospectus or for any additional information, (iv) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of
the Registration Statement or of any notice objecting to its use or the institution or threatening of any proceeding for that purpose
and (v) of the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification of the Shares for sale
in any jurisdiction or the institution or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose. The Company will use its commercially reasonable
efforts to prevent the issuance of any such stop order or the occurrence of any such suspension or objection to the use of the Registration
Statement and, upon such issuance, occurrence or notice of objection, to obtain as soon as possible the withdrawal of such stop order
or relief from such occurrence or objection, including, if necessary, by filing an amendment to the Registration Statement or a new registration
statement and using its commercially reasonable efforts to have such amendment or new registration statement declared effective as soon
as commercially practicable.

24

(b) Subsequent
Events. If, at any time on or after an Applicable Time but prior to the related Settlement Date, any event occurs as a result of
which the Registration Statement or Prospectus would include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact
necessary to make the statements therein in the light of the circumstances under which they were made or the circumstances then prevailing
not misleading, the Company will (i) notify promptly the Manager so that any use of the Registration Statement or Prospectus may cease
until such are amended or supplemented; (ii) amend or supplement the Registration Statement or Prospectus to correct such statement or
omission; and (iii) supply any such amendment or supplement to the Manager in such quantities as the Manager may reasonably request.

(c) Notification
of Subsequent Filings. During any period when the delivery of a prospectus relating to the Shares is required (including in circumstances
where such requirement may be satisfied pursuant to Rule 172, 173 or any similar rule) to be delivered under the Act, any event occurs
as a result of which the Prospectus as then supplemented would include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material
fact necessary to make the statements therein in the light of the circumstances under which they were made not misleading, or if it shall
be necessary to amend the Registration Statement, file a new registration statement or supplement the Prospectus to comply with the Act
or the Exchange Act or the respective rules thereunder, including in connection with use or delivery of the Prospectus, the Company promptly
will (i) notify the Manager of any such event (provided that such notification to the Manager shall not be required if a Sales Notice
is not pending at the time of such event and if there have been no sale of Shares under this Agreement at the time of or following such
event but prior to Companys knowledge of such event, but such notification shall be required at least two (2) Trading Days prior
to delivery by the Company of any instruction to the Manager to sell Shares hereunder), (ii) subject to Section 4(a), prepare and file
with the Commission an amendment or supplement or new registration statement which will correct such statement or omission or effect
such compliance, (iii) use its commercially reasonable efforts to have any amendment to the Registration Statement or new registration
statement declared effective as soon as commercially practicable in order to avoid any disruption in use of the Prospectus and (iv) supply
any supplemented Prospectus to the Manager in such quantities as the Manager may reasonably request.

25

(d) Earnings
Statements. As soon as commercially practicable, the Company will make generally available to its security holders and to the Manager
an earnings statement or statements of the Company and its Subsidiaries which will satisfy the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Act
and Rule 158. For the avoidance of doubt, the Companys compliance with the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act shall be
deemed to satisfy the requirements of this Section 4(d).

(e) Delivery
of Registration Statement. Upon the request of the Manager, the Company will furnish to the Manager and counsel for the Manager,
without charge, signed copies of the Registration Statement (including exhibits thereto) and, so long as delivery of a prospectus by
the Manager or dealer may be required by the Act (including in circumstances where such requirement may be satisfied pursuant to Rule
172, 173 or any similar rule), as many copies of the Prospectus and each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus and any supplement thereto as
the Manager may reasonably request. The Company will pay the expenses of printing or other production of all documents relating to the
offering.

(f) Qualification
of Shares. The Company will arrange, if necessary, for the qualification of the Shares for sale under the laws of such jurisdictions
in the United States of America as the Manager may designate and will maintain such qualifications in effect so long as required for
the distribution of the Shares; provided that in no event shall the Company be obligated to qualify to do business in any jurisdiction
where it is not now so qualified or to take any action that would subject it to service of process in suits, other than those arising
out of the offering or sale of the Shares, in any jurisdiction where it is not now so subject.

26

(g) Free
Writing Prospectus. The Company agrees that, unless it has or shall have obtained the prior written consent of the Manager, and the
Manager agrees with the Company that, unless it has or shall have obtained, as the case may be, the prior written consent of the Company,
it has not made and will not make any offer relating to the Shares that would constitute an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or that would
otherwise constitute a free writing prospectus (as defined in Rule 405) required to be filed by the Company with the Commission
or retained by the Company under Rule 433. Any such free writing prospectus consented to by the Manager or the Company is hereinafter
referred to as a Permitted Free Writing Prospectus. The Company agrees that (i) it has treated and will treat, as
the case may be, each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus as an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus and (ii) it has complied and will comply,
as the case may be, with the requirements of Rules 164 and 433 applicable to any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, including in respect
of timely filing with the Commission, legending and record keeping.

(h) Subsequent
Equity Issuances. The Company shall not deliver any Sales Notice hereunder (and any Sales Notice previously delivered shall not apply
during such two (2) Trading Days) for at least two (2) Trading Days prior to any date on which the Company or any Subsidiary offers,
sells, issues, contracts to sell, contracts to issue or otherwise disposes of, directly or indirectly, any other shares of Common Stock
or any Common Stock Equivalents (other than the Shares), subject to Managers right to waive this obligation, provided that, without
compliance with the foregoing obligation, (w) the Company may issue and sell Common Stock pursuant to any employee equity plan, stock
ownership plan or dividend reinvestment plan of the Company in effect from time to time, (x) the Company may issue Common Stock issuable
upon the conversion or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding from time to time and (y) the Company may issue Common Stock
to employees, directors, officers, consultants and advisors as compensation for employment or services in the ordinary course of business.

(i) Market
Manipulation. Until the termination of this Agreement, the Company will not take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to
or that would constitute or that might reasonably be expected to cause or result in, under the Exchange Act or otherwise, stabilization
or manipulation in violation of the Act, Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder of the price of any security of the Company
to facilitate the sale or resale of the Shares or otherwise violate any provision of Regulation M under the Exchange Act.

27

(j) Notification
of Incorrect Certificate. The Company will, at any time during the term of this Agreement, as supplemented from time to time, advise
the Manager immediately after it shall have received notice or obtained knowledge thereof, of any information or fact that would alter
or affect any opinion, certificate, letter and other document provided to the Manager pursuant to Section 6 herein, provided that such
notification to the Manager shall not be required if a Sales Notice is not pending at the time of such notice or knowledge of such information
or fact, but such notification shall be required at least two (2) Trading Days prior to delivery by the Company of any instruction to
the Manager to sell Shares hereunder.

(k) Certification
of Accuracy of Disclosure. Prior to the delivery of the first Sales Notice delivered under this Agreement (and prior to the delivery
of the first Sales Notice delivered upon the recommencement of the offering of the Shares under this Agreement following the termination
of a suspension of sales hereunder lasting more than 30 Trading Days), and each time that (i) a new Registration Statement is filed and
declared effective by the Commission, (ii) the Registration Statement or Prospectus shall be amended or supplemented, other than by means
of Incorporated Documents (other than a supplement unrelated to the offer and sale of Shares as contemplated herein), (iii) the Company
files its Annual Report on Form 10-K under the Exchange Act, (iv) the Company files its quarterly reports on Form 10-Q under the Exchange
Act, (v) the Company files a Current Report on Form 8-K containing amended financial information (other than information that is furnished
and not filed), if the Manager reasonably determines that the information in such Form 8-K is material, or (vi) the Shares are delivered
to the Manager as principal at the Time of Delivery pursuant to a Terms Agreement (such commencement or recommencement date and each
such date referred to in (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v) and (vi) above, a Representation Date), the Company shall furnish
or cause to be furnished to the Manager promptly a certificate dated and delivered on the Representation Date, in form reasonably satisfactory
to the Manager to the effect that the statements contained in the certificate referred to in Section 6 of this Agreement which were last
furnished to the Manager are true and correct at the Representation Date, as though made at and as of such date (except that such statements
shall be deemed to relate to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus as amended and supplemented to such date) or, in lieu of such
certificate, a certificate of the same tenor as the certificate referred to in said Section 6, modified as necessary to relate to the
Registration Statement and the Prospectus as amended and supplemented to the date of delivery of such certificate. The requirement to
provide a certificate under this Section 4(k) shall be waived for any Representation Date occurring at a time at which no Sales Notice
is pending, which waiver shall continue until the earlier to occur of the date the Company delivers a Sales Notice hereunder (which for
such calendar quarter shall be considered a Representation Date) and the next occurring Representation Date on which the Company files
its Annual Report on Form 10-K. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company subsequently decides to sell Shares following a Representation
Date when the Company relied on such waiver and did not provide the Manager with a certificate under this Section 4(k), then before the
Company delivers a Sales Notice hereunder, the Company shall provide the Manager with such a certificate, dated the date of the Sales
Notice

28

(l) Bring
Down Opinions; Negative Assurance. Within five (5) Trading Days of each Representation Date, unless waived by the Manager, the Company
shall furnish or cause to be furnished forthwith to the Manager and to counsel to the Manager a written opinion of counsel to the Company
(Company Counsel) addressed to the Manager and dated and delivered within five (5) Trading Days of such Representation
Date, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Manager, including a negative assurance representation. The requirement to
furnish or cause to be furnished an opinion (but not with respect to a negative assurance representation) under this Section 4(l) shall
be waived for any Representation Date other than a Representation Date on which a new Registration Statement is filed and declared effective
by the Commission or a material amendment to the Registration Statement or Prospectus is made or the Company files its Annual Report
on Form 10-K or a material amendment thereto under the Exchange Act, unless the Manager reasonably requests such deliverable required
by this Section 4(l) in connection with a Representation Date, upon which request such deliverable shall be deliverable hereunder. The
requirement to provide an opinion or negative assurance representation under this Section 4(l) shall be waived for any Representation
Date occurring at a time at which no Sales Notice is pending, which waiver shall continue until the earlier to occur of the date the
Company delivers a Sales Notice hereunder (which for such calendar quarter shall be considered a Representation Date) and the next occurring
Representation Date on which the Company files its Annual Report on Form 10-K. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company subsequently
decides to sell Shares following a Representation Date when the Company relied on such waiver and did not provide the Manager with opinions
and a negative assurance representation under this Section 4(l), then before the Company delivers a Sales Notice hereunder, the Company
shall provide the Manager with such opinion and negative assurance, dated the date of the Sales Notice.

(m) Auditor
Bring Down Comfort Letter. Within five (5) Trading Days of each Representation Date, unless waived by the Manager,
the Company shall cause (1) the Companys auditors (the Accountants), or other independent accountants satisfactory
to the Manager forthwith to furnish the Manager a letter, and (2) the Chief Financial Officer of the Company forthwith to furnish the
Manager a certificate, in each case dated within five (5) Trading Days of such Representation Date, in form satisfactory to the Manager,
of the same tenor as the letters and certificate referred to in Section 6 of this Agreement but modified to relate to the Registration
Statement and the Prospectus, as amended and supplemented to the date of such letters and certificate. The requirement to furnish or
cause to be furnished a comfort letter under this Section 4(m) shall be waived for any Representation Date other than a
Representation Date on which a new Registration Statement is filed and declared effective by the Commission or a material amendment to
the Registration Statement or Prospectus is made or the Company files its Annual Report on Form 10-K or a material amendment thereto
under the Exchange Act, unless the Manager reasonably requests the deliverables required by this Section 4(m) in connection with a Representation
Date, upon which request such deliverable shall be deliverable hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the requirement to deliver or
cause to be delivered one or more letters or certificates under this Section 4(m) shall, at the request of the Company, be waived for
any Representation Date occurring at a time at which no Sales Notice is pending, which waiver shall continue until the earlier to occur
of the date the Company delivers a Sales Notice hereunder (which for such calendar quarter shall be considered a Representation Date)
and the next occurring Representation Date on which the Company files its annual report on Form 10-K. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if the Company subsequently decides to sell Shares following a Representation Date when the Company relied on such waiver and did not
provide the Manager with a letter or certificate under this Section 4(m), then before the Company delivers a Sales Notice hereunder,
the Company shall provide the Manager with such letter and certificate dated the date of the Sales Notice.

29

(n) Due
Diligence Session. Upon commencement of the offering of the Shares under this Agreement (and upon the recommencement of the offering
of the Shares under this Agreement following the termination of a suspension of sales hereunder lasting more than 30 Trading Days), and
at each Representation Date, the Company will conduct a due diligence session, in form and substance, reasonably satisfactory to the
Manager, which shall include representatives of management, Company Counsel and Accountants. The Company shall cooperate timely with
any reasonable due diligence request from or review conducted by the Manager or its agents from time to time in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, including, without limitation, providing information and available documents and access to appropriate
corporate officers and the Companys agents during regular business hours, and timely furnishing or causing to be furnished such
certificates, letters and opinions from the Company, its officers and its agents, as the Manager may reasonably request. The Company
shall reimburse the Manager for Managers counsels fees on each such due diligence update session, up to a maximum of $25,000
per Representation Date in connection with each offering refresh (filing of a new Registration Statement, Prospectus or
Prospectus Supplement and/or an amendment to this Agreement), and up to a maximum of $3,500 per Representation Date in connection with
the filing of a Form 10-Q and $5,000 per Representation Date in connection with the filing of a Form 10-K, plus any incidental expense
incurred by the Manager in connection therewith.

(o) Acknowledgment
of Trading. The Company consents to the Manager trading in the Common Stock for the Managers own account and for the account
of its clients at the same time as sales of the Shares occur pursuant to this Agreement or pursuant to a Terms Agreement.

(p) Disclosure
of Shares Sold. The Company will disclose in its Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, as applicable, the
number of Shares sold through the Manager under this Agreement, the Net Proceeds to the Company and the compensation paid by the Company
with respect to sales of Shares pursuant to this Agreement during the relevant quarter; and, if required by any subsequent change in
Commission policy or request, more frequently by means of a Current Report on Form 8-K or a further Prospectus Supplement.

30

(q) Rescission
Right. If to the knowledge of the Company, the conditions set forth in Section 6 shall not have been satisfied as of the applicable
Settlement Date, the Company will offer to any person who has agreed to purchase Shares from the Company as the result of an offer to
purchase solicited by the Manager the right to refuse to purchase and pay for such Shares.

(r) Bring
Down of Representations and Warranties. Each acceptance by the Company of an offer to purchase the Shares hereunder, and each execution
and delivery by the Company of a Terms Agreement, shall be deemed to be an affirmation to the Manager that the representations and warranties
of the Company contained in or made pursuant to this Agreement are true and correct as of the date of such acceptance or of such Terms
Agreement as though made at and as of such date, and an undertaking that such representations and warranties will be true and correct
as of the Settlement Date for the Shares relating to such acceptance or as of the Time of Delivery relating to such sale, as the case
may be, as though made at and as of such date (except that such representations and warranties shall be deemed to relate to the Registration
Statement and the Prospectus as amended and supplemented relating to such Shares).

(s) Reservation
of Shares. The Company shall ensure that there are at all times sufficient shares of Common Stock to provide for the issuance, free
of any preemptive rights, out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock or shares of Common Stock held in treasury, of the
maximum aggregate number of Shares authorized for issuance by the Board pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. The Company will use
its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Shares to be listed for trading on the Trading Market and to maintain such listing.

(t) Obligation
Under Exchange Act. During any period when the delivery of a prospectus relating to the Shares is required (including in circumstances
where such requirement may be satisfied pursuant to Rule 172, 173 or any similar rule) to be delivered under the Act, the Company will
file all documents required to be filed with the Commission pursuant to the Exchange Act within the time periods required by the Exchange
Act and the regulations thereunder.

(u) DTC
Facility. The Company shall cooperate with the Manager and use its commercially reasonable best efforts to permit the Shares to be
eligible for clearance and settlement through the facilities of DTC.

31

(v) Use
of Proceeds. The Company will apply the Net Proceeds from the sale of the Shares in the manner set forth in the Prospectus.

(w) Filing
of Prospectus Supplement. If any sales of Shares are made pursuant to this Agreement which are not made in at the market
offerings as defined in Rule 415, including, without limitation, any Placement pursuant to a Terms Agreement, the Company shall file
a Prospectus Supplement describing the terms of such transaction, the amount of Shares sold, the price thereof, the Managers compensation,
and such other information as may be required pursuant to Rule 424 and Rule 430B, as applicable, within the time required by Rule 424.

(x) Additional
Registration Statement. To the extent that the Registration Statement is not available for the sales of the Shares as contemplated
by this Agreement, the Company shall file a new registration statement with respect to any additional shares of Common Stock necessary
to complete such sales of the Shares and shall cause such registration statement to become effective as promptly as practicable. After
the effectiveness of any such registration statement, all references to Registration Statement included in this
Agreement shall be deemed to include such new registration statement, including all documents incorporated by reference therein pursuant
to Item 12 of Form S-3, and all references to Base Prospectus included in this Agreement shall be deemed to include
the final form of base prospectus, including all documents incorporated therein by reference, included in any such registration statement
at the time such registration statement became effective.

5. Payment
of Expenses. The Company agrees to pay the costs and expenses incident to the performance of its obligations under this Agreement,
whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated, including without limitation: (i) the preparation, printing or reproduction
and filing with the Commission of the Registration Statement (including financial statements and exhibits thereto), the Prospectus and
each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, and each amendment or supplement to any of them; (ii) the printing (or reproduction) and delivery
(including postage, air freight charges and charges for counting and packaging) of such copies of the Registration Statement, the Prospectus,
and each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, and all amendments or supplements to any of them, as may, in each case, be reasonably requested
for use in connection with the offering and sale of the Shares; (iii) the preparation, printing, authentication, issuance and delivery
of certificates for the Shares, including any stamp or transfer taxes in connection with the original issuance and sale of the Shares;
(iv) the printing (or reproduction) and delivery of this Agreement, any blue sky memorandum and all other agreements or documents printed
(or reproduced) and delivered in connection with the offering of the Shares; (v) the registration of the Shares under the Exchange Act,
if applicable, and the listing of the Shares on the Trading Market; (vi) any registration or qualification of the Shares for offer and
sale under the securities or blue sky laws of the several states (including filing fees and the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel
for the Manager relating to such registration and qualification); (vii) the transportation and other expenses incurred by or on behalf
of Company representatives in connection with presentations to prospective purchasers of the Shares; (viii) the fees and expenses of
the Companys accountants and the fees and expenses of counsel (including local and special counsel) for the Company; (ix) the
filing fee under FINRA Rule 5110; (x) the reasonable fees and expenses of the Managers counsel, not to exceed $50,000 (excluding
any periodic due diligence fees provided for under Section 4(n)), which shall be paid upon the Execution Time; and (xi) all other costs
and expenses incident to the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder.

32

6. Conditions
to the Obligations of the Manager. The obligations of the Manager under this Agreement and any Terms Agreement shall be subject to
(i) the accuracy of the representations and warranties on the part of the Company contained herein as of the Execution Time, each Representation
Date, and as of each Applicable Time, Settlement Date and Time of Delivery, (ii) the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder
and (iii) the following additional conditions:

(a) Filing
of Prospectus Supplement. The Prospectus, and any supplement thereto, required by Rule 424 to be filed with the Commission have been
filed in the manner and within the time period required by Rule 424(b) with respect to any sale of Shares; each Prospectus Supplement
shall have been filed in the manner required by Rule 424(b) within the time period required hereunder and under the Act; any other material
required to be filed by the Company pursuant to Rule 433(d) under the Act, shall have been filed with the Commission within the applicable
time periods prescribed for such filings by Rule 433; and no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or
any notice objecting to its use shall have been issued and no proceedings for that purpose shall have been instituted or threatened.

(b) Delivery
of Opinion. The Company shall have caused the Company Counsel to furnish to the Manager its opinion and negative assurance statement,
dated as of such date and addressed to the Manager in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Manager.

(c) Delivery
of Officers Certificate. The Company shall have furnished or caused to be furnished to the Manager a certificate of the Company
signed by the Chief Executive Officer or the President and the principal financial or accounting officer of the Company, dated as of
such date, to the effect that the signers of such certificate have carefully examined the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, any
Prospectus Supplement and any documents incorporated by reference therein and any supplements or amendments thereto and this Agreement
and that:

(i) the
representations and warranties of the Company in this Agreement are true and correct in all material respects on and as of such date
with the same effect as if made on such date and the Company has complied in all material respects with all the agreements and satisfied
all the conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied at or prior to such date;

33

(ii) no
stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any notice objecting to its use has been issued and no proceedings
for that purpose have been instituted or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened; and

(iii) since
the date of the most recent financial statements included in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus and the Incorporated Documents,
there has been no Material Adverse Effect on the condition (financial or otherwise), earnings, business or properties of the Company
and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, whether or not arising from transactions in the ordinary course of business, except as set forth
in or contemplated in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus.

(d) Delivery
of Accountants Comfort Letter. The Company shall have requested and caused the Accountants to have furnished
to the Manager letters (which may refer to letters previously delivered to the Manager), dated as of such date, in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Manager, confirming that they are independent accountants within the meaning of the Act and the Exchange
Act and the respective applicable rules and regulations adopted by the Commission thereunder and that they have performed a review of
any unaudited interim financial information of the Company included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement and the
Prospectus and provide customary comfort as to such review in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Manager.

(e) No
Material Adverse Event. Since the respective dates as of which information is disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus
and the Incorporated Documents, except as otherwise stated therein, there shall not have been (i) any change or decrease in previously
reported results specified in the letter or letters referred to in paragraph (d) of this Section 6 or (ii) any change, or any development
involving a prospective change, in or affecting the condition (financial or otherwise), earnings, business or properties of the Company
and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, whether or not arising from transactions in the ordinary course of business, except as set forth
in or contemplated in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus and the Incorporated Documents (exclusive of any amendment or supplement
thereto) the effect of which, in any case referred to in clause (i) or (ii) above, is, in the sole judgment of the Manager, so material
and adverse as to make it impractical or inadvisable to proceed with the offering or delivery of the Shares as contemplated by the Registration
Statement (exclusive of any amendment thereof), the Incorporated Documents and the Prospectus (exclusive of any amendment or supplement
thereto).

(f) [RESERVED]

34

(g) No
FINRA Objections. FINRA shall not have raised any objection with respect to the fairness and reasonableness of the terms and arrangements
under this Agreement.

(h) Shares
Listed on Trading Market. The Shares shall have been listed and admitted and authorized for trading on the Trading Market, and satisfactory
evidence of such actions shall have been provided to the Manager.

(i) Other
Assurances. Prior to each Settlement Date and Time of Delivery, as applicable, the Company shall have furnished to the Manager such
further information, certificates and documents as the Manager may reasonably request.

If
any of the conditions specified in this Section 6 shall not have been fulfilled when and as provided in this Agreement, or if any of
the opinions and certificates mentioned above or elsewhere in this Agreement shall not be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance
to the Manager and counsel for the Manager, this Agreement and all obligations of the Manager hereunder may be canceled at, or at any
time prior to, any Settlement Date or Time of Delivery, as applicable, by the Manager. Notice of such cancellation shall be given to
the Company in writing or by telephone and confirmed in writing by email.

The
documents required to be delivered by this Section 6 shall be delivered to the office of Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP, counsel
for the Manager, at 1345 Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York 10105, email: capmkts@egsllp.com, on each such date as provided in
this Agreement.

7. Indemnification
and Contribution.

(a) Indemnification
by Company. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Manager, the directors, officers, employees and agents of the Manager
and each person who controls the Manager within the meaning of either the Act or the Exchange Act against any and all losses, claims,
damages or liabilities, joint or several, to which they or any of them may become subject under the Act, the Exchange Act or other Federal
or state statutory law or regulation, at common law or otherwise, insofar as such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions
in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the
Registration Statement for the registration of the Shares as originally filed or in any amendment thereof, or in the Base Prospectus,
any Prospectus Supplement, the Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, or in any amendment thereof or supplement thereto, or
arise out of or are based upon the omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
to make the statements therein not misleading or arise out of or are based upon any Proceeding, commenced or threatened (whether or not
the Manager is a target of or party to such Proceeding) or result from or relate to any breach of any of the representations, warranties,
covenants or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement, and agrees to reimburse each such indemnified party for any legal or other
expenses reasonably incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending any such loss, claim, damage, liability or action;
provided, however, that the Company will not be liable in any such case to the extent that any such loss, claim, damage
or liability arises out of or is based upon any such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made
therein in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by the Manager specifically for inclusion
therein. This indemnity agreement will be in addition to any liability that the Company may otherwise have.

35

(b) Indemnification
by Manager. The Manager agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, each of its directors, each of its officers who signs
the Registration Statement, and each person who controls the Company within the meaning of either the Act or the Exchange Act, to the
same extent as the foregoing indemnity from the Company to the Manager, but only with reference to written information relating to the
Manager furnished to the Company by the Manager specifically for inclusion in the documents referred to in the foregoing indemnity; provided,
however, that in no case shall the Manager be responsible for any amount in excess of the Broker Fee applicable to the Shares
and paid hereunder. This indemnity agreement will be in addition to any liability which the Manager may otherwise have.

(c) Indemnification
Procedures. Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party under this Section 7 of notice of the commencement of any action, such
indemnified party will, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against the indemnifying party under this Section 7, notify the indemnifying
party in writing of the commencement thereof; but the failure so to notify the indemnifying party (i) will not relieve it from liability
under paragraph (a) or (b) above unless and to the extent it did not otherwise learn of such action and such failure results in the forfeiture
by the indemnifying party of substantial rights and defenses and (ii) will not, in any event, relieve the indemnifying party from any
obligations to any indemnified party other than the indemnification obligation provided in paragraph (a) or (b) above. The indemnifying
party shall be entitled to appoint counsel of the indemnifying partys choice at the indemnifying partys expense to represent
the indemnified party in any action for which indemnification is sought (in which case the indemnifying party shall not thereafter be
responsible for the fees and expenses of any separate counsel retained by the indemnified party or parties except as set forth below);
provided, however, that such counsel shall be reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party. Notwithstanding the indemnifying
partys election to appoint counsel to represent the indemnified party in an action, the indemnified party shall have the right
to employ separate counsel (including local counsel), and the indemnifying party shall bear the documented and reasonable fees, costs
and expenses of such separate counsel if (i) the use of counsel chosen by the indemnifying party to represent the indemnified party would
present such counsel with a conflict of interest, (ii) the actual or potential defendants in, or targets of, any such action include
both the indemnified party and the indemnifying party and the indemnified party shall have reasonably concluded that there may be legal
defenses available to it and/or other indemnified parties which are different from or additional to those available to the indemnifying
party, (iii) the indemnifying party shall not have employed counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party to represent the
indemnified party within a reasonable time after notice of the institution of such action or (iv) the indemnifying party shall authorize
the indemnified party to employ separate counsel at the expense of the indemnifying party. An indemnifying party will not, without the
prior written consent of the indemnified parties, settle or compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment with respect to any pending
or threatened claim, action, suit or proceeding in respect of which indemnification or contribution may be sought hereunder (whether
or not the indemnified parties are actual or potential parties to such claim or action) unless such settlement, compromise or consent
includes an unconditional release of each indemnified party from all liability arising out of such claim, action, suit or proceeding.

36

(d) Contribution.
In the event that the indemnity provided in paragraph (a), (b) or (c) of this Section 7 is unavailable to or insufficient to hold harmless
an indemnified party for any reason, the Company and the Manager agree to contribute to the aggregate losses, claims, damages and liabilities
(including legal or other expenses reasonably incurred in connection with investigating or defending the same) (collectively Losses)
to which the Company and the Manager may be subject in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by
the Company on the one hand and by the Manager on the other from the offering of the Shares; provided, however, that in
no case shall the Manager be responsible for any amount in excess of the Broker Fee applicable to the Shares and paid hereunder. If the
allocation provided by the immediately preceding sentence is unavailable for any reason, the Company and the Manager severally shall
contribute in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only such relative benefits but also the relative fault of the Company
on the one hand and of the Manager on the other in connection with the statements or omissions which resulted in such Losses as well
as any other relevant equitable considerations. Benefits received by the Company shall be deemed to be equal to the total net proceeds
from the offering (before deducting expenses) received by it, and benefits received by the Manager shall be deemed to be equal to the
Broker Fee applicable to the Shares and paid hereunder as determined by this Agreement. Relative fault shall be determined by reference
to, among other things, whether any untrue or any alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the omission or alleged omission to
state a material fact relates to information provided by the Company on the one hand or the Manager on the other, the intent of the parties
and their relative knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such untrue statement or omission. The Company
and the Manager agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution were determined by pro rata allocation or any other method
of allocation which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to above. Notwithstanding the provisions of this paragraph
(d), no person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Act) shall be entitled to contribution
from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. For purposes of this Section 7, each person who controls the
Manager within the meaning of either the Act or the Exchange Act and each director, officer, employee and agent of the Manager shall
have the same rights to contribution as the Manager, and each person who controls the Company within the meaning of either the Act or
the Exchange Act, each officer of the Company who shall have signed the Registration Statement and each director of the Company shall
have the same rights to contribution as the Company, subject in each case to the applicable terms and conditions of this paragraph (d).

37

8. Termination.

(a) The
Company shall have the right, by giving written notice as hereinafter specified, to terminate the provisions of this Agreement relating
to the solicitation of offers to purchase the Shares in its sole discretion at any time upon ten (10) Business Days prior written
notice. Any such termination shall be without liability of any party to any other party except that (i) with respect to any pending sale,
through the Manager for the Company, the obligations of the Company, including in respect of compensation of the Manager, shall remain
in full force and effect notwithstanding the termination and (ii) the provisions of Sections 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 12, the second sentence
of 13, 14, 15 and 16 of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding such termination.

(b) The
Manager shall have the right, by giving written notice as hereinafter specified, to terminate the provisions of this Agreement relating
to the solicitation of offers to purchase the Shares in its sole discretion at any time. Any such termination shall be without liability
of any party to any other party except that the provisions of Sections 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 12, the second sentence of 13, 14, 15 and 16
of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding such termination.

(c) This
Agreement shall remain in full force and effect until such date that this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Sections 8(a) or (b) above
or otherwise by mutual agreement of the parties, provided that any such termination by mutual agreement shall in all cases be deemed
to provide that Sections 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 12, the second sentence of 13, 14, 15 and 16 of this Agreement shall remain in full force
and effect.

(d) Any
termination of this Agreement shall be effective on the date specified in such notice of termination, provided that such termination
shall not be effective until the close of business on the date of receipt of such notice by the Manager or the Company, as the case may
be. If such termination shall occur prior to the Settlement Date or Time of Delivery for any sale of the Shares, such sale of the Shares
shall settle in accordance with the provisions of Section 2(b) of this Agreement.

38

(e) In
the case of any purchase of Shares by the Manager pursuant to a Terms Agreement, the obligations of the Manager pursuant to such Terms
Agreement shall be subject to termination, in the absolute discretion of the Manager, by prompt oral notice given to the Company prior
to the Time of Delivery relating to such Shares, if any, and confirmed promptly by electronic mail, if since the time of execution of
the Terms Agreement and prior to such delivery and payment, (i) trading in the Common Stock shall have been suspended by the Commission
or the Trading Market or trading in securities generally on the Trading Market shall have been suspended or limited or minimum prices
shall have been established on such exchange, (ii) a banking moratorium shall have been declared either by Federal or New York State
authorities or (iii) there shall have occurred any outbreak or escalation of hostilities, declaration by the United States of a national
emergency or war, or other calamity or crisis the effect of which on financial markets is such as to make it, in the sole judgment of
the Manager, impractical or inadvisable to proceed with the offering or delivery of the Shares as contemplated by the Prospectus (exclusive
of any amendment or supplement thereto).

9. Representations
and Indemnities to Survive. The respective agreements, representations, warranties, indemnities and other statements of the Company
or its officers and of the Manager set forth in or made pursuant to this Agreement will remain in full force and effect, regardless of
any investigation made by the Manager or the Company or any of the officers, directors, employees, agents or controlling persons referred
to in Section 7, and will survive delivery of and payment for the Shares.

10. Notices.
All communications hereunder will be in writing and effective only on receipt, and will be mailed, delivered, or e-mailed to the addresses
of the Company and the Manager, respectively, set forth on the signature page hereto.

11. Successors.
This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective successors and the officers,
directors, employees, agents and controlling persons referred to in Section 7, and no other person will have any right or obligation
hereunder.

12. No
Fiduciary Duty. The Company hereby acknowledges that (a) the purchase and sale of the Shares pursuant to this Agreement is an arms-length
commercial transaction between the Company, on the one hand, and the Manager and any affiliate through which it may be acting, on the
other, (b) the Manager is acting solely as sales agent and/or principal in connection with the purchase and sale of the Companys
securities and not as a fiduciary of the Company and (c) the Companys engagement of the Manager in connection with the offering
and the process leading up to the offering is as independent contractors and not in any other capacity. Furthermore, the Company agrees
that it is solely responsible for making its own judgments in connection with the offering (irrespective of whether the Manager has advised
or is currently advising the Company on related or other matters). The Company agrees that it will not claim that the Manager has rendered
advisory services of any nature or respect, or owe an agency, fiduciary or similar duty to the Company, in connection with such transaction
or the process leading thereto.

39

13. Integration.
This Agreement and any Terms Agreement supersede all prior agreements and understandings (whether written or oral) between the Company
and the Manager with respect to the subject matter hereof. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the letter agreement, dated
January 10, 2025, by and between the Company and the Manager shall continue to be effective and the terms therein shall continue to survive
and be enforceable by the Manager in accordance with its terms, provided that, in the event of a conflict between the terms of the letter
agreement and this Agreement, the terms of such letter agreement shall prevail.

14. Amendments;
Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in
the case of an amendment, by the Company and the Manager. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement
of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other
provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner
impair the exercise of any such right.

15. Applicable
Law. This Agreement and any Terms Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York
applicable to contracts made and to be performed within the State of New York. Each of the Company and the Manager: (i) agrees that any
legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be instituted exclusively in New York Supreme Court,
County of New York, or in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, (ii) waives any objection which it
may have or hereafter to the venue of any such suit, action or proceeding, and (iii) irrevocably consents to the exclusive jurisdiction
of the New York Supreme Court, County of New York, and the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York in any
such suit, action or proceeding. Each of the Company and the Manager further agrees to accept and acknowledge service of any and all
process which may be served in any such suit, action or proceeding in the New York Supreme Court, County of New York, or in the United
States District Court for the Southern District of New York and agrees that service of process upon the Company mailed by certified mail
to the Companys address shall be deemed in every respect effective service of process upon the Company, in any such suit, action
or proceeding, and service of process upon the Manager mailed by certified mail to the Managers address shall be deemed in every
respect effective service process upon the Manager, in any such suit, action or proceeding. If either party shall commence an action
or proceeding to enforce any provision of this Agreement, then the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed
by the other party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation
and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

16. Waiver
of Jury Trial. The Company hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial
by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement, any Terms Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby
or thereby.

17. Counterparts.
This Agreement and any Terms Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each one of which shall be an original, with the
same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon one and the same agreement. Counterparts may be delivered via electronic
mail (including any electronic signature covered by the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, the Electronic
Signatures and Records Act or other applicable law, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered
shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes.

***************************

40

18. Headings.
The section headings used in this Agreement and any Terms Agreement are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof.

If
the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding of our agreement, please sign and return to us the enclosed duplicate hereof,
whereupon this letter and your acceptance shall represent a binding agreement among the Company and the Manager.

Very
truly yours,

MY
SIZE, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Address
for Notice:

HaNegev
4, POB 1026

Airport
City, Israel 7010000

Attention:

E-mail:

The
foregoing Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted as of the date first written above.

H.C.
WAINWRIGHT & CO., LLC

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Address
for Notice:

430
Park Avenue

New York, New York 10022

Attention: Chief Executive Officer

E-mail:
notices@hcwco.com

41

Form
of Terms Agreement

ANNEX
I

MY
SIZE, INC.

TERMS
AGREEMENT

Dear
Sirs:

My
Size, Inc. (the Company) proposes, subject to the terms and conditions stated herein and in the At The Market Offering
Agreement, dated January ___, 2025 (the At The Market Offering Agreement), between the Company and H.C. Wainwright
& Co., LLC (Manager), to issue and sell to Manager the securities specified in Schedule I hereto (the
Purchased Shares).

Each
of the provisions of the At The Market Offering Agreement not specifically related to the solicitation by the Manager, as agent of the
Company, of offers to purchase securities is incorporated herein by reference in its entirety, and shall be deemed to be part of this
Terms Agreement to the same extent as if such provisions had been set forth in full herein. Each of the representations and warranties
set forth therein shall be deemed to have been made at and as of the date of this Terms Agreement and the Time of Delivery, except that
each representation and warranty in Section 3 of the At The Market Offering Agreement which makes reference to the Prospectus (as therein
defined) shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty as of the date of the At The Market Offering Agreement in relation to the
Prospectus, and also a representation and warranty as of the date of this Terms Agreement and the Time of Delivery in relation to the
Prospectus as amended and supplemented to relate to the Purchased Shares.

An
amendment to the Registration Statement (as defined in the At The Market Offering Agreement), or a supplement to the Prospectus, as the
case may be, relating to the Purchased Shares, in the form heretofore delivered to the Manager is now proposed to be filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission.

Subject
to the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the At The Market Offering Agreement which are incorporated herein by reference,
the Company agrees to issue and sell to the Manager and the latter agrees to purchase from the Company the number of shares of the Purchased
Shares at the time and place and at the purchase price set forth in the Schedule I hereto.

42

If
the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding, please sign and return to us a counterpart hereof, whereupon this Terms Agreement,
including those provisions of the At The Market Offering Agreement incorporated herein by reference, shall constitute a binding agreement
between the Manager and the Company. 

MY SIZE, INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

ACCEPTED as of the date first written above. 

H.C. WAINWRIGHT & CO., LLC 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

43
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex5-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>mysz-20250121.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>mysz-20250121_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>mysz-20250121_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 21, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 21, 2025

Entity File Number 001-37370

Entity Registrant Name My Size, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001211805

Entity Tax Identification Number 51-0394637

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One HaNegev 4

Entity Address, Address Line Two POB 1026

Entity Address, City or Town Airport City

Entity Address, Country IL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 7010000

City Area Code +972

Local Phone Number 3-600-9030

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, $0.001 par value per share

Trading Symbol MYSZ

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCountry

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:countryCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://mysizeid.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
mysz-20250121.xsd 
mysz-20250121_lab.xml 
mysz-20250121_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-003070-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001211805 

2025-01-21 
2025-01-21 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001211805 
8-K 
2025-01-21 
My Size, Inc. 
DE 
001-37370 
51-0394637 
HaNegev 4 
POB 1026 
Airport City 
IL 
7010000 
+972 
3-600-9030 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share 
MYSZ 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>