<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-038756.txt : 20250227
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-038756.hdr.sgml : 20250227
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250227134239
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-038756
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250221
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Control of Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Singular Genomics Systems, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001850906
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	LABORATORY ANALYTICAL INSTRUMENTS [3826]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				812948451
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40443
		FILM NUMBER:		25676933

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3010 SCIENCE PARK ROAD
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92121
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(858) 333-7830

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3010 SCIENCE PARK ROAD
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92121
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d923657d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

NASDAQfalse0001850906--12-3100018509062025-02-212025-02-21

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 21, 2025

Singular Genomics Systems, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in charter)

Delaware 001-40443 81-2948451

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

3010 Science Park Road

San Diego, California92121

(858)333-7830

(Registrants address of principal executive offices

and telephone number, including area code)

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of Each Exchange

on Which Registered

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share OMIC Nasdaq Capital Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Introduction 

On February 21, 2025, Saturn Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Merger Sub) and a wholly owned subsidiary of Singular Genomics Parent, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Parent), completed its merger (the Merger) with and into Singular Genomics Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), pursuant to the terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 22, 2024 (the Merger Agreement), by and among Parent, Merger Sub and the Company. The Company was the surviving corporation in the Merger (the Surviving Corporation) and, as a result, is now a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent. Parent was formed by Deerfield Private Design Fund IV, L.P. (Deerfield), an investment fund managed by Deerfield Management Company, L.P. for purposes of entering into the Merger Agreement. 

Item 1.01 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

The information set forth under Debt Financing in Item 2.01 to this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated into this Item 1.01 by reference. 

Item 2.01 

Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets. 

The information set forth in the Introduction to this Current Report on Form 8-K (the Introduction) is incorporated into this Item 2.01 by reference. 

The Merger 

On February 21, 2025, at the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), each share of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (Common Stock) issued and outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than the Rollover Shares (as defined below)) was cancelled and automatically converted into the right to receive $20.00 in cash, without interest, net of any applicable withholding taxes (the Merger Consideration), except that shares of Common Stock and shares of the Companys non-voting Series A Common Stock Equivalent Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Company Preferred Stock or Preferred Stock and together with the Common Stock, the Company Shares) held by Deerfield and certain other stockholders (collectively, the Rollover Stockholders) that, pursuant to the Rollover Agreements, each dated February 21, 2025, separately entered into by Parent and the Rollover Stockholders, pursuant to which certain of their respective Company Shares (Rollover Shares), restricted stock units of the Company (Company RSUs) or Company stock options (Company Options) converted into shares of Parent 

Company Shares held by Parent immediately prior to the Effective Time (including Company Shares contributed to Parent by Deerfield Private Design Fund IV, L.P. and the other Rollover Stockholders) were cancelled as a result of the Merger (without payment of any Merger Consideration), and each share of the common stock of Merger Sub issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (all of which shares were held by Parent) was converted into and exchanged for one share of Common Stock. 

Company Options that were vested immediately prior to the Effective Time or became vested as of the Effective Time in connection with the Merger (each a Vested Stock Option) were cancelled at the Effective Time and converted into the right to receive an amount in cash determined by multiplying (i) the excess, if any, of the Merger Consideration over the applicable exercise price of such Vested Stock Option by (ii) the number of Company Shares subject to such Vested Stock Option (less all applicable deductions and withholdings). Company stock options that were not Vested Stock Options were cancelled and forfeited without consideration or payment. 

Company RSUs that were (i) unvested and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (each an Unvested RSU) or vested but unsettled immediately prior to the Effective Time (each a Vested RSU) and (ii) were held by certain Company employees identified by Parent (each a Designated Continuing Employee and each such Unvested RSU and Vested RSU held by such Designated Continuing Employee, a Designated Continuing Employee RSU) were cancelled at the Effective Time and converted into restricted stock units (each, an Assumed RSU) and settled in Class B Units of Parent (Parent Class B Units) (such cancellation and conversion of Designated Continuing Employee RSUs, the Rollover), on the same terms and conditions (except with respect to the employment terms applicable to the holders of Designated Continuing Employee RSUs with the Surviving Corporation), including applicable vesting requirements, as applied to each such Designated Continuing Employee RSU immediately prior to the Effective Time, except that the number of Parent Class B Units underlying each such Assumed RSU equals 20. 

Vested Company RSUs that were held by persons who were not Designated Continuing Employees were cancelled at the Effective Time and converted into the right to receive an amount in cash (without interest) equal to (i) the Merger Consideration multiplied by (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock subject to such other Vested RSU (less all applicable deductions and withholdings). 

Unvested RSUs that were held by persons who were not Designated Continuing Employees were cancelled and forfeited without consideration or payment. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent any Company employee who participates in the Companys Executive Severance Plan (the Severance Plan) was not a Designated Continuing Employee, the equity awards held by such individual as of the Effective Time are, subject to the terms of the Severance Plan and any supplementary agreements between such individual and the Company (including, for example, the separation agreements described below), being treated in the manner set forth in the Severance Plan and any supplementary agreements between such individual and the Company. 

The foregoing descriptions of the Merger Agreement and related transactions (including, without limitation, the Merger) and the Severance Plan do not purport to be complete and are subject, and qualified in their entirety by reference, to the full text of the Merger Agreement, which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC on December 23, 2024 and the Severance Plan, which was filed as Exhibit 10.14 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A with the SEC on May 24, 2021, both of which are incorporated herein by reference. 

Debt Financing 

In connection with the closing of the Merger, Deerfield Private Design Fund IV entered into a Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement) with Parent and Merger Sub (in such capacities, the Borrowers), pursuant to which Deerfield Private Design Fund IV committed to provide a term loan to the Borrowers in an aggregate amount of up to $37.5 million. Proceeds from such loan in the amount of approximately $37 million were deposited with the paying agent under the Merger Agreement for further payment to the Companys stockholders pursuant to the Merger Agreement. By virtue of the Merger, on February 21, 2025, the Company (as the surviving corporation in the Merger) became a borrower under the Credit Agreement. The loan bears interest at the rate of 8%, is scheduled to mature on February 20, 2026 and is prepayable at any time. 

Item 2.03 

Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. 

The information set forth under Debt Financing in Item 2.01 to this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated into this Item 2.03 by reference. 

Item 3.01 

Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing. 

In connection with the closing of the Merger, on February 21, 2025, the Company notified the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq) of its intent to remove its Common Stock from listing on Nasdaq and requested Nasdaq file a Notification of Removal from Listing and/or Registration on Form 25 with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) to delist and deregister its shares of Common Stock. The Company intends to file with the SEC a Form 15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), requesting the deregistration of the Common Stock and the suspension of the Companys reporting obligations under Sections 13 and 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Trading of the Common Stock on Nasdaq was suspended as of the closing of trading on February 21, 2025. 

Item 3.03 

Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders. 

The information set forth in the Introduction and under Items 2.01 and 5.03 to this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated into this Item 3.03 by reference. 

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement and in connection with the consummation of the Merger, each Company Share (other than the Rollover Shares and except as described in Item 2.01 hereof) was cancelled and automatically converted into the right to receive the per share Merger Consideration. In addition, at the Effective Time, the certificate of incorporation of the Company as the Surviving Corporation was amended to be the certificate set forth in Exhibit A to the Merger Agreement, and the bylaws of the Surviving Corporation were amended and restated to be the bylaws of Merger Sub. The Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company and the Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company are attached as Exhibit 3.1 and 3.2, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K, and are incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 5.01 

Changes in Control of Registrant. 

The information set forth in the Introduction and under Item 2.01, 5.02 and 5.03 to this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated into this Item 5.01 by reference. 

As a result of the consummation of the Merger, a change in control of the Company occurred, and the Surviving Corporation became a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent. In connection with the Merger, the aggregate purchase price paid for all outstanding Company Shares (other than the Rollover Shares) was approximately $37 million. 

To the knowledge of the Company, except as set forth herein, there are no arrangements, including any pledge by any person of securities of the Company or Parent, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a further change in control of the Company. 

Item 5.02 

Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. 

Board of Directors 

In connection with the consummation of the Merger and as contemplated by the Merger Agreement (and not because of any disagreement with the Company), all of the directors of the Company ceased to be directors of the Company as of the Effective Time. In accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, at the Effective Time, the directors of Merger Sub became directors of the Company. Immediately following the Effective Time, the Companys board of directors (the Board) was re-constituted to consist of the following directors: Andrew ElBardissi, Avi Kometz, Bryan Sendrowski, Joshua Stahl, Jason Meyers and Andrew Spaventa. Further, immediately following the Effective Time, Joshua Stahl was appointed as the Companys Chief Executive Officer and Jason Myers was appointed as the Companys President. No director resigned as a result of any disagreement with the Company on any matter relating to the Companys operations, policies or practices. 

Executive Officer Transition 

Each of Andrew Spaventa, the Companys Chief Executive Officer and Chair of the Companys Board, Eli Glezer, Ph.D., the Companys Chief Scientific Officer and Dalen Meeter, the Companys Chief Financial Officer resigned from the Company, effective as of immediately prior to the Effective Time. Each of Mr. Spaventa, Dr. Glezer, and Mr. Meeter entered into a separation and release agreement with the Company (each a Separation Agreement). Pursuant to the terms of the Separation Agreements, the Company confirmed that each of Mr. Spaventas, Dr. Glezers and Mr. Meeters resignation of employment is a Change in Control Termination as defined in the Severance Plan, and Mr. Spaventa, Dr. Glezer and Mr. Meeter will be eligible to receive the following benefits in accordance with the Severance Plan, provided the officer does not revoke such officers Separation Agreement: 

In the case of Mr. Spaventa, a lump sum cash payment equal to 150% of the sum of (i) his annual base salary and (ii) his annual target bonus. 

In the case of Dr. Glezer and Mr. Meeter, a lump sum cash payment equal to 100% of the sum of (i) his annual base salary and (ii) his annual target bonus. 

A pro-rata portion of the officers annual target bonus based on the number of days of employment completed in the year of termination. 

Full vesting of any outstanding and unvested time-based equity awards held by the officer. 

Continuation of the officers health and welfare benefits for the shorter of (i) 18 months (in the case of Mr. Spaventa) or 12 months (in the case of Dr. Glezer and Mr. Meeter), (ii) until the expiration of the officers continuation coverage under COBRA or (iii) until the date of the officers eligibility for substantially equivalent health insurance coverage in connection with new employment. 

Consulting Agreements with Certain Officers 

The Company has entered into a Consulting Agreement with Eli Glezer (the Glezer Consulting Agreement), effective February 21, 2025, under which Dr. Glezer will provide advisory and strategic support across various functions, including research and development, engineering, software development, manufacturing, intellectual property strategy, and customer relations. The Glezer Consulting Agreement establishes Dr. Glezer as an independent contractor, not an employee, and outlines a monthly compensation of $25,000. The one-year term of the Glezer Consulting Agreement may be extended on a month-to-month basis, and either party may terminate with ten days written notice. The Glezer Consulting Agreement includes confidentiality obligations, intellectual property assignments, and conflict of interest restrictions. 

The Company has also entered into a Consulting Agreement with Andrew Spaventa (the Spaventa Consulting Agreement), effective February 21, 2025, under which Mr. Spaventa will provide advisory and transition support as the Company shifts to new management. Under the Spaventa Consulting Agreement, Mr. Spaventa will offer guidance and counsel on matters within his expertise, coordinating with the Chief Executive Officer and serving as an independent contractor. Under the Spaventa Consulting Agreement, he will continue as a member of the Companys Board of Directors, with his board compensation to be determined separately after his consulting role ends. He will receive $20,000 per month for up to six months, with possible month-to-month extensions. Either party may terminate the Spaventa Consulting Agreement with ten days notice. The Spaventa Consulting Agreement includes confidentiality obligations, intellectual property assignments, and conflict of interest restrictions. 

Item 5.03 

Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year. 

At the Effective Time, the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, was amended and restated to be in the form of the certificate of incorporation set forth on Exhibit A to the Merger Agreement (the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation,) in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement. In addition, at the Effective Time, the Companys bylaws, as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, were amended and restated to be identical to the bylaws of Merger Sub, other than the name of Merger Sub, which was replaced by the name of the Company (the Amended and Restated Bylaws). Copies of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and the Amended and Restated Bylaws are filed as Exhibits 3.1 and 3.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, respectively, and are incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 8.01 

Other Events. 

On February 21, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the completion of the Merger. A copy of the press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits. 

Exhibit

No. 

Description

3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company.

3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company.

99.1 Press Release, dated February 21, 2025, issued by the Company (furnished herewith).

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

SINGULAR GENOMICS SYSTEMS, INC.

DATE: February 27, 2025 By: 

/s/ Bryan Sendrowski

Name: Bryan Sendrowski

Title: Treasurer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d923657dex31.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.1
<TEXT>
EX-3.1

Exhibit 3.1 

AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 

OF 

SINGULAR GENOMICS
SYSTEMS, INC. 

(a Delaware corporation) 

Singular Genomics Systems, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under and by virtue of the provisions of the General Corporation Law of
the State of Delaware (the GCL), 

DOES HEREBY CERTIFY: 

1. That the name of this corporation is Singular Genomics Systems, Inc., and that this corporation was originally incorporated pursuant to the
GCL on June 3, 2016 under the name Singular Genomics Systems, Inc. 

2. That the Board of Directors of this corporation duly adopted
resolutions proposing to amend and restate the Certificate of Incorporation of this corporation, declaring said amendment and restatement to be advisable and in the best interests of this corporation and its stockholders, and authorizing the
appropriate officers of this corporation to solicit the consent of the stockholders therefor, which resolution setting forth the proposed amendment and restatement is as follows: 

RESOLVED, that the Certificate of Incorporation of this corporation be amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: 

FIRST: The name of the corporation is Singular Genomics Systems, Inc. (the Corporation). 

SECOND: The address of the Corporations registered office in the State of Delaware is Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange
Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19801, in the county of New Castle. The name of the Companys registered agent for service of process in the State of Delaware at such address is The Corporation Trust Company. 

THIRD: The nature of the business or purposes to be conducted or promoted is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which
corporations may be organized under the GCL. 

FOURTH: The total number of shares of capital stock which the Corporation shall have
authority to issue is one thousand (1,000) shares of capital stock, all of which shall be commons shares and all of which shall have a par value $0.01 per share. 

FIFTH: The Board of Directors of the Corporation is expressly authorized to adopt, amend, alter or repeal the bylaws of the Corporation
(the Bylaws). 

SIXTH: The election of directors of the Corporation need not be by written ballot unless
otherwise provided in the Bylaws. 

SEVENTH: Whenever a compromise or arrangement is proposed between the Corporation and
its creditors or any class of them and/or between the Corporation and its stockholders or any class of them, any court of equitable jurisdiction within the State of Delaware may, on the application in a summary way of the Corporation or on the
application of any receiver or receivers appointed for the Corporation under the provisions of Section 291 of Title 8 of the GCL or on the application of trustees in dissolution or of any receiver or receivers appointed for the Corporation
under the provisions of Section 279 of Title 8 of the GCL order a meeting of the creditors or class of creditors, and/or of the stockholders or class of stockholders of the Corporation, as the case may be, to be summoned in such manner as the
said court directs. If a majority in number representing three-fourths in value of the creditors or class of creditors, and/or of the stockholders or class of stockholders of the Corporation, as the case may be, agree to any compromise or
arrangement and to any reorganization of the Corporation as a consequence of such compromise or arrangement, the said compromise or arrangement and the said reorganization shall, if sanctioned by the court to which the said application has been
made, be binding on all the creditors or class of creditors, and/or on all the stockholders or class of stockholders, of the Corporation, as the case may be, and also on the Corporation. 

EIGHTH: The personal liability of the directors of the Corporation is hereby eliminated to the fullest extent permitted by the GCL. Any
repeal or modification of this Article Eighth shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director of the Corporation existing at the time of such repeal or modification with respect to acts or omissions occurring prior to such repeal or
modification. 

NINTH: The Corporation shall indemnify each director, officer and employee of the Corporation or any person who is
or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, trustee, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise in the manner and to the fullest extent provided in Section 145 of
the GCL, as the same now exists or may hereafter be amended. 

TENTH: Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of
an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery does not have jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware) shall be the sole and exclusive forum for: (a) any
derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the corporation; (b) any action asserting a claim for breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, employee, or agent of the Corporation to the Corporation or the
Corporations stockholders; (c) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, the certificate of incorporation or the by-laws of the
Corporation or (d) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in each case, subject to said court having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants therein. Unless the Corporation
consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of this Article Tenth. 

* * * 

3. That the foregoing amendment and restatement was approved by the holders of the requisite
number of shares of this corporation in accordance with Section 228 of the GCL. 

4. That this Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation, which restates this corporations Certificate of Incorporation, has been duly adopted in accordance with Sections 242 and 245 of the GCL. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned officer hereby executes this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and affirms, under the
penalties of perjury, that the facts set forth herein are true this 21st day of February, 2025. 

By: /s/ Bryan Sendrowski

Name: Bryan Sendrowski

Title: Treasurer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d923657dex32.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.2
<TEXT>
EX-3.2

Exhibit 3.2 

AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS 

OF 

SINGULAR GENOMICS
SYSTEMS, INC. 

ARTICLE I 

OFFICES 

SECTION 1.1. Registered Offices; Other Offices. The registered office of the Corporation in the State
of Delaware shall be in the City of Wilmington and County of New Castle. The Corporation may have such other offices, either within or outside of the State of Delaware, as the business of the Corporation may require from time to time. 

ARTICLE II 

STOCKHOLDERS 

SECTION 2.1. Annual Meeting. An annual meeting of the stockholders shall be held on such date
as may be determined by resolution of the Board of Directors; provided, however, that if in any year such date is a legal holiday, such meeting shall be held on the next succeeding business day. At each annual meeting, the stockholders
shall elect directors to hold office for the term provided in Section 3.1 of these Bylaws. 

SECTION 2.2. Special Meeting. A special meeting of the stockholders may be called by the Board
of Directors or by such officers or persons as the Board of Directors may designate. 

SECTION 2.3. Place
of Stockholder Meetings. The Board of Directors may designate any place, either within or without the State of Delaware, as the place of meeting for any annual meeting or for any special meeting. If no such place is designated by the
Board of Directors, the place of meeting will be the principal business office of the Corporation. 

SECTION 2.4.
Notice of Meetings. Unless waived as herein provided, whenever stockholders are required or permitted to take any action at a meeting, written notice of the meeting shall be given stating the place, date and hour of the
meeting, and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called. Such written notice shall be given not less than ten (10) days nor more than sixty (60) days before the date of the meeting to each
stockholder entitled to vote at the meeting or in the event of a merger, consolidation, share exchange, dissolution or sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all of the Corporations property, business or assets not less than twenty
(20) days before the date of the meeting. If mailed, notice is given when deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, directed to the stockholder at the stockholders address as it appears on the records of the Corporation. 

When a meeting is adjourned to another time or place in accordance with Section 2.5 of these Bylaws, notice need not
be given of the adjourned meeting if the time and place thereof are announced at the meeting in which the adjournment is taken. At the adjourned meeting the Corporation may conduct any business which might have been transacted at the original
meeting. If the adjournment is for more than thirty days, or if after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the
meeting. 

SECTION 2.5. Quorum and Adjourned Meetings.
Unless otherwise provided by law or the Corporations Certificate of Incorporation, a majority of the shares entitled to vote, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum at a meeting of stockholders. If less than a
majority of the shares entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders is present in person or represented by proxy at such meeting, a majority of the shares so represented may adjourn the meeting from time to time without further notice. At any
adjourned meeting at which a quorum is present, any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the original meeting. The stockholders present at a meeting may continue to transact business until adjournment, notwithstanding the
withdrawal of such number of stockholders as may leave less than a quorum. 

SECTION 2.6. Fixing of Record Date. 

(a) For the purpose of determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof,
the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and which record date shall not be more than sixty (60) nor less
than ten (10) days before the date of such meeting. If no record date is fixed by the Board of Directors, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of
business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or
to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting. 

(b) For the purpose of determining stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, the Board of Directors
may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is established by the Board of Directors, and which date shall not be more than ten (10) days after the date on which the
resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors. If no record date has been fixed by the Board of Directors, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting,
when no prior action by the Board of Directors is required by law, shall be the first date on which a signed written consent setting forth the action taken or proposed to be taken is delivered to the Corporation by delivery to its registered office
in the State of Delaware, its principal office, or an officer or agent of the Corporation having custody of the book in which the proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded. Delivery to the Corporations registered office shall be by
hand or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. If no record date has been fixed by the Board of Directors and prior action by the Board of Directors is required by law, the record date for determining stockholders consent
to corporate action in writing without a meeting shall be the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution taking such prior action. 

(c) For the purpose of determining the stockholders entitled to receive payment of any
dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights or the stockholders entitled to exercise any rights in respect to any change, conversion or exchange of stock, or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix
the record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted, and which record date shall be not more than sixty (60) days prior to such action. If no record date is fixed, the record
date for determining the stockholders for any such purpose shall be the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating thereto. 

SECTION 2.7. Voting List. The officer who has charge of the stock ledger of the Corporation
shall prepare and make, at least ten (10) days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of
shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours, for a period of at least ten (10) days prior to the
meeting, either at a place within the city where the meeting is to be held, which place shall be specified in the notice of the meeting, or, if not so specified, at the place where the meeting is to be held. The list shall also be produced and kept
at the place of the meeting during the whole time thereof, and may be inspected by any stockholder who is present. 

SECTION 2.8. Voting. Unless otherwise provided by the Corporations Certificate of
Incorporation, each stockholder shall be entitled to one vote for each share of capital stock held by each stockholder. In all matters other than the election of directors, the affirmative vote of the majority of shares present in person or
represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the subject matter shall be the act of the stockholders. Directors shall be elected by plurality of the votes of the shares present in person or represented by a proxy at the meeting
entitled to vote on the election of directors. 

SECTION 2.9. Proxies. Each stockholder
entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders or to express consent or dissent to corporate action in writing without a meeting may authorize another person or persons to act for him by proxy, but no such proxy shall be voted or acted upon after
three years from its date, unless the proxy provides for a longer period. A duly executed proxy shall be irrevocable if it states that it is irrevocable and if, and only as long as, it is coupled with an interest sufficient in law to support an
irrevocable power. A proxy may remain irrevocable regardless of whether the interest with which it is coupled is an interest in the stock itself or an interest in the Corporation generally. 

SECTION 2.10. Ratification of Acts of Directors and Officers. Except as otherwise provided by
law or by the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation, any transaction or contract or act of the Corporation or of the directors or the officers of the Corporation may be ratified by the affirmative vote of the holders of the number of
shares which would have been necessary to approve such transaction, contract or act at a meeting of stockholders, or by the written consent of stockholders in lieu of a meeting. 

SECTION 2.11. Informal Action of Stockholders.
Any action required to be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation, or any action which may be taken at any annual or special meeting of such stockholders, may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and
without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at
a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted. Prompt notice of the taking of the corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent shall be given to those stockholders who have not consented
in writing. In the event that the action which is consented to is such as would have required the filing of a certificate with any governmental body if such action had been voted on by stockholders at a meeting thereof, the certificate filed shall
state, in lieu of any statement required by law concerning any vote of stockholders, that written consent had been given in accordance with the provisions of Section 228 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, and that written notice has been
given as provided in such section. 

SECTION 2.12. Organization. Such person as the Board of
Directors may designate or, in the absence of such a designation, the President of the Corporation, if there shall be one, or, in his or her absence, such person as may be chosen by the holders of a majority of the shares entitled to vote who are
present, in person or by proxy, shall call to order any meeting of the stockholders and act as chairman of such meeting. In the absence of the secretary of the Corporation, the chairman of the meeting shall appoint a person to serve as secretary at
the meeting. 

ARTICLE III 

DIRECTORS 

SECTION 3.1. Number and Tenure of Directors. The Board of Directors of the Corporation shall
consist of no less than one (1) and no more than eight (8) directors at any time, which number may be determined by the Board of Directors from time to time. The directors shall be elected at the annual meeting of the stockholders, except
as provided in Section 3.9 of these Bylaws. Each director shall hold office until such directors successor is elected and qualified or until such directors earlier resignation or removal. Any director may resign
at any time upon written notice to the Corporation. 

SECTION 3.2. Election of Directors.
Directors shall be elected at the annual meeting of stockholders. In all elections for directors, every stockholder entitled to vote shall have the right to vote the number of shares owned by such stockholder for each director to be elected,
unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, as the same may be from time to time amended. 

SECTION 3.3. Regular Meetings. Regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held without
notice at such time and in such place as shall from time to time be determined by the Board of Directors. 

SECTION 3.4. Annual Meetings. The first meeting of each newly elected Board of Directors shall
be held immediately following each annual meeting of the stockholders, and no notice of such meeting shall be necessary to the newly elected directors in order to legally constitute the meeting, provided that a quorum shall be present. In the event
that such meeting is not held immediately following an annual meeting of the stockholders, the meeting may be held at such time and place as shall be specified in a notice given as hereinafter provided for special meetings of the Board of Directors,
or as shall be specified in a written waiver of notice signed by all of the directors. 

SECTION 3.5. Special Meetings. Special
meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by or at the request of the Chairman of the Board or at least one-half of the number of directors constituting the whole Board of Directors. The person or
persons authorized to call special meetings of the Board of Directors may fix any place, either within or without the State of Delaware, as the place for holding any special meeting of the Board of Directors called by them. 

SECTION 3.6. Notice of Special Meetings of the Board of Directors. Notice of any special
meeting of the Board of Directors shall be given at least two (2) days previous thereto by written notice to each director. If mailed, such notice shall be deemed to be delivered when deposited in the United States mail so addressed, with
first-class postage thereon prepaid. If sent by any other means (including electronic mail, facsimile, courier, or express mail, etc.), such notice shall be deemed to be delivered when actually delivered to the home or business address of the
director. 

SECTION 3.7. Quorum. A majority of the total number of directors then in office
shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. If less than a majority of the directors are present at a meeting of the Board of Directors, a majority of the directors present may adjourn the meeting from time to time without further
notice. 

SECTION 3.8. Voting. The vote of the majority of the total number of directors
then in office shall be the act of the Board of Directors, unless the Delaware General Corporation Law or the Corporations Certificate of Incorporation requires a vote of a greater number. 

SECTION 3.9. Vacancies. Vacancies in the Board of Directors shall be filled by an election
either at an annual meeting or at a special meeting of the stockholders called for that purpose. As long as there is more than one class of common stock issued and outstanding, any vacancy shall be filled in the manner set forth in the Certificate
of Incorporation of the Corporation, as the same may be from time to time amended. Any directors elected by the stockholders to fill a vacancy shall hold office for the balance of the term for which he or she was elected. 

SECTION 3.10. Removal of Directors. A director, or the entire Board of Directors, may be
removed at any time, with or without cause, by the holders of a majority of the shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors. 

SECTION 3.11. Informal Action of Directors. Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of
Incorporation of the Corporation or these Bylaws, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors, or of any committee thereof, may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board of Directors or
committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing, and the writing or writings are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board of Directors or committee. 

SECTION 3.12. Participation by Conference Telephone. Members of the Board of Directors, or any
committee designated by the Board of Directors, may participate in a meeting of the Board of Directors, or committee thereof, by means of conference telephone or similar communications equipment as long as all persons participating in the meeting
can speak with and hear each other, and participation by a director pursuant to this Section 3.12 shall constitute presence in person at such meeting. 

ARTICLE IV 

WAIVER OF NOTICE 

SECTION 4.1. Written Waiver of Notice. A written waiver of any required notice, signed by the
person entitled to notice, whether before or after the date stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of stockholders, directors or members of a
committee of directors need be specified in any written waiver of notice. 

SECTION 4.2. Attendance as
Waiver of Notice. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting, and objects at the beginning of the meeting, to
the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. 

ARTICLE V 

COMMITTEES 

SECTION 5.1. General Provisions. The Board of Directors may, by resolution passed by a majority
of the whole Board of Directors, designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the Corporation. The Board of Directors may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who
may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member at any meeting of a committee, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting,
whether or not such member or members constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint any alternate member of such committee to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member. Any such committee, to the extent provided in the
resolution of the Board of Directors, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to
all papers which may require it; but no such committee shall have the power or authority in reference to amending the Certificate of Incorporation, adopting an agreement of merger or consolidation, recommending to the stockholders the sale, lease,
or exchange of all or substantially all of the Corporations property and assets, recommending to the stockholders a dissolution of the Corporation or a revocation of a dissolution, or amending the Bylaws of the Corporation; and, unless the
resolution so provides, no such committee shall have the power or authority to declare a dividend, to authorize the issuance of stock or to adopt a certificate of ownership and merger, pursuant to Section 253 of the Delaware General Corporation
Law. 

ARTICLE VI 

OFFICERS 

SECTION 6.1. General Provisions. The Board of Directors may elect a President and a Treasurer
of the Corporation, and shall elect a Vice President and Secretary of the Corporation. The Board of Directors may also elect such additional officers as the Board of Directors may deem necessary or appropriate from time to time. Any two or more
offices may be held by the same person. The officers elected by the Board of Directors shall have such duties as are hereafter described and such additional duties as the Board of Directors may from time to time prescribe. 

SECTION 6.2. Election and Term of Office. The officers of the Corporation shall be elected
annually by the Board of Directors at the regular meeting of the Board of Directors held after each annual meeting of the stockholders (or action by written consent of stockholders in lieu of an annual meeting of stockholders). If the election of
officers is not held at such meeting, such election shall be held as soon thereafter as may be convenient. New offices of the Corporation may be created and filled and vacancies in offices may be filled at any time, at a meeting or by the written
consent of the Board of Directors. Unless removed pursuant to Section 6.3 of these Bylaws, each officer shall hold office until his successor has been duly elected and qualified, or until his earlier death or resignation.
Election or appointment of an officer or agent shall not of itself create contract rights. 

SECTION 6.3.
Removal of Officers. Any officer or agent elected or appointed by the Board of Directors may be removed by the Board of Directors whenever, in its judgment, the best interests of the Corporation would be served thereby, but
such removal shall be without prejudice to the contract rights, if any, of the person(s) so removed. 

SECTION 6.4.
The President. The President, if there shall be one, shall have the active management of the business of the Corporation. In general, the President shall perform all duties incident to the office of president and such other
duties as the Board of Directors may from time to time prescribe. 

SECTION 6.5. The Chairman of the
Board. The Chairman of the Board, if one is chosen, shall be chosen from among the members of the Board of Directors. The Chairman of the Board shall perform such duties as may be assigned to the Chairman of the Board by the Board of
Directors. 

SECTION 6.6. The Vice President. In the absence of the President, or in the
event of his inability or refusal to act, the Vice President (or in the event there be more than one Vice President, the Executive Vice President and then the other Vice President or Vice Presidents in the order designated by the Board of Directors,
or in the absence of any designation, then in the order of their election) shall perform the duties of the President, and when so acting, shall have all the powers of and be subject to all the restrictions upon the President. The Vice Presidents
shall perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors may from time to time prescribe. 

SECTION 6.7. The Secretary. The Secretary shall attend all meetings of the Board of Directors
and all meetings of the stockholders and record all the proceedings thereof in a book to be kept for that purpose and shall perform like duties for the standing committees when required. The Secretary shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all
meetings of the stockholders and special meetings of the Board of Directors, and shall perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors, under whose supervision he shall be. The Secretary shall have custody of the corporate
seal of the Corporation, if any, and the Secretary shall have authority to affix the same to any instrument requiring it and when so affixed, it may be attested by his signature. The Board of Directors may give general authority to any other officer
to affix the seal of the Corporation and to attest the affixing by his signature. 

SECTION 6.8. The Treasurer. The Treasurer, if
there shall be one, shall have the custody of the corporate funds and securities and shall keep full and accurate accounts of receipts and disbursements in books belonging to the Corporation and shall deposit all moneys and other valuable effects in
the name and to the credit of the Corporation in such depositories as may be designated by the Board of Directors. The Treasurer shall disburse the funds of the Corporation as may be ordered by the Board of Directors, taking proper vouchers for such
disbursements, and shall render to the President, if there shall be one, and the Board of Directors, at its regular meetings, or when the Board of Directors so requires, an account of all his transactions as Treasurer and of the financial condition
of the Corporation. If required by the Board of Directors, the Treasurer shall give the Corporation a bond (which shall be renewed every six (6) years) in such sum and with such surety or sureties as shall be satisfactory to the Board of
Directors for the faithful performance of the duties of his office and for the restoration to the Corporation, in case of his death, resignation, retirement or removal from office, of all books, papers, vouchers, money and other property of whatever
kind in his possession or under his control belonging to the Corporation. 

SECTION 6.9. Executive
Officers. The Executive Officers of the Corporation shall be such persons as are designated as such by the Board of Directors and shall include, but not be limited to, a President. Additional Executive Officers may
be appointed by the Board of Directors from time to time. 

SECTION 6.10. Appointment of Executive
Officers. The Executive Officers of the Corporation shall be chosen by the Board, subject to the rights, if any, of an Executive Officer under any contract of employment. 

SECTION 6.11. Duties of Officers May be Delegated. In the absence of any officer of the
Corporation, or for any other reason the Board of Directors may deem sufficient, the Board of Directors may delegate the powers or duties, or any of such powers or duties, of any officers or officer to any other officer or to any director. 

SECTION 6.12. Compensation. The Board of Directors shall have the authority to establish
reasonable compensation of all officers for services to the Corporation. 

ARTICLE VII 

CERTIFICATES FOR SHARES 

SECTION 7.1. Certificates of Shares. The shares of the Corporation shall be represented by
certificates, provided that the Board of Directors of the Corporation may provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of any or all classes or series of its stock shall be uncertificated shares. Any such resolution shall not apply to
shares represented by a certificate until such certificate is surrendered to the Corporation. Notwithstanding the adoption of such a resolution by the Board of Directors, every holder of stock represented by certificates and upon request every
holder of uncertificated shares shall be entitled to have a certificate signed by, or in the name of the Corporation by the Chairman of the Board of Directors, or the President, or Vice President, and by the Secretary or Treasurer of the Corporation
representing the number of shares registered in certificate form. Any or all the signatures on the certificate may be a facsimile. 

SECTION 7.2. Signatures of Former Officer, Transfer Agent or
Registrar. In case any officer, transfer agent, or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is
issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if such person or entity were such officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue. 

SECTION 7.3. Transfer of Shares. Transfers of shares of the Corporation shall be made only on
the books of the Corporation by the holder of record thereof or by his legal representative, who shall furnish proper evidence of authority to transfer, or by his or her attorney thereunto authorized by power of attorney duly executed and filed with
the Secretary of the Corporation, and on surrender for cancellation of certificate for such shares. Prior to due presentment of a certificate for shares for registration of transfer, the Corporation may treat a registered owner of such shares as the
person exclusively entitled to vote, to receive notifications and otherwise have and exercise all of the right and powers of an owner of shares. No transfer of stock shall be valid as against the Corporation for any purposes until it shall have been
entered in the stock records of the Corporation by an entry showing from and to whom transferred. 

SECTION 7.4.
Lost, Destroyed or Stolen Certificates. Whenever a certificate representing shares of the Corporation has been lost, destroyed or stolen, the holder thereof may file in the office of the Corporation an affidavit setting
forth, to the best of his knowledge and belief, the time, place, and circumstance of such loss, destruction or theft together with a statement of indemnity sufficient in the opinion of the Board of Directors to indemnify the Corporation against any
claim that may be made against it on account of the alleged loss of any such certificate. Thereupon, the Corporation shall issue to such person or such persons legal representative a new certificate or a duplicate of the certificate alleged to
have been lost, destroyed or stolen. In the exercise of its discretion, the Board of Directors may waive the indemnification requirements provided herein. 

ARTICLE VIII 

DIVIDENDS 

SECTION 8.1. Dividends. The Board of Directors of the Corporation may declare and pay dividends
upon the shares of the Corporations capital stock in any form determined by the Board of Directors, in the manner and upon the terms and conditions provided by law. 

ARTICLE IX 

CONTRACTS, LOANS, CHECKS AND DEPOSITS 

SECTION 9.1. Contracts. The Board of Directors may authorize any officer or officers, agent or
agents, to enter into any contract or execute and deliver any instrument in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation, and such authority may be general or confined to specific instances. 

SECTION 9.2. Loans. No loans shall be
contracted on behalf of the Corporation and no evidences of indebtedness shall be issued in its name unless authorized by a resolution of the Board of Directors. Such authority may be general or confined to specific instances. 

SECTION 9.3. Checks, Drafts, Etc. All checks, drafts or other orders for the payment of money,
notes or other evidences of indebtedness issued in the name of the Corporation shall be signed by one or more officers or agents of the Corporation and in such manner as shall from time to time be determined by resolution of the Board of Directors.

SECTION 9.4. Deposits. The funds of the Corporation may be deposited or invested in such
bank account, in such investments or with such other depositaries as determined by the Board of Directors. 

ARTICLE X 

AMENDMENTS 

SECTION 10.1. Amendments. These Bylaws may be adopted, amended or repealed by the
Corporations Board of Directors and or stockholders; provided that no amendment made by the stockholders may be amended or repealed by the Corporations Board of Directors without stockholder approval. 

ARTICLE XI 

INDEMNIFICATION AND ADVANCEMENT 

SECTION 11.1. Power to Indemnify in Actions, Suits or Proceedings other than Those by or in the Right of the
Corporation. Subject to Section 11.3, the Corporation shall indemnify and hold harmless to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law as it presently exists or may hereafter be amended, any person who was or is a party or is
threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (a Proceeding) (other than an action by or in the right of the Corporation)
by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director or Executive Officer of the Corporation, or, while a director or Executive Officer of the Corporation, is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee
or agent of another Corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by
such person in connection with the defense or settlement of such Proceeding if such person acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, and, with respect to any
criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe such persons conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea or nolo contendere or its
equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, and, with respect to any
criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that such persons conduct was unlawful. 

SECTION 11.2. Power to Indemnify in Actions, Suits or
Proceedings by or in the Right of the Corporation. Subject to Section 11.3, the Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or
suit by or in the right of the Corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director or Executive Officer of the Corporation, or, while a director or Executive Officer of the Corporation, is or
was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another Corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise against expenses (including attorneys fees) actually
and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if such person acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the
Corporation; except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the Corporation unless and only to the extent that the Court of Chancery or the court
in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses
which the Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper.. 

SECTION 11.3. Authorization of
Indemnification. Any indemnification under this Article XI (unless ordered by a court) shall be made by the Corporation only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that indemnification of the director or Executive Officer is
proper in the circumstances because such person has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Section 11.1 or Section 11.2, as the case may be. Such determination shall be made, with respect to a person who is a director or
Executive Officer at the time of such determination, (i) by a majority vote of the directors who are not parties to such action, suit or proceeding, even though less than a quorum, or (ii) by a committee of such directors designated by a
majority vote of such directors, even though less than a quorum, or (iii) if there are no such directors, or if such directors so direct, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion or (iv) by the stockholders. Such determination
shall be made, with respect to former directors and Executive Officers, by any person or persons having the authority to act on the matter on behalf of the Corporation. To the extent, however, that a present or former director or Executive Officer
of the Corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding set forth in Section 11.1 or Section 11.2 or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, such person shall be indemnified
against expenses (including attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection therewith, without the necessity of authorization in the specific case. 

SECTION 11.4. Good Faith Defined. For purposes of any determination under Section 11.3, a
person shall be deemed to have acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, or, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, to have had no reasonable
cause to believe such persons conduct was unlawful, if such persons action is based on good faith reliance on the records or books of account of the Corporation or another enterprise, or on information supplied to such person by the
officers of the Corporation or another enterprise in the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel for the Corporation or another enterprise or on information or records given or reports made to the Corporation or another enterprise
by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert selected with reasonable care by the Corporation or another enterprise. The term another enterprise as used in this Section 11.4 shall mean any

other corporation or any partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise of which such person is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director,
officer, employee or agent. The provisions of this Section 11.4 shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to limit in any way the circumstances in which a person may be deemed to have met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in
Section 11.1 or 11.2, as the case may be. 

SECTION 11.5. Right of Claimant to Bring Suit.
Notwithstanding any contrary determination in the specific case under Section 11.3, and notwithstanding the absence of any determination thereunder, if a claim under Sections 11.1 or 11.2 of this Article XI is not paid in full by the
Corporation within (i) ninety (90) days after a written claim for indemnification has been received by the Corporation, or (ii) thirty (30) days after a written claim for an advancement of expenses has been received by the Corporation, the
claimant may at any time thereafter (but not before) bring suit against the Corporation in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware to recover the unpaid amount of the claim, together with interest thereon, or to obtain advancement of
expenses, as applicable. It shall be a defense to any such action brought to enforce a right to indemnification (but not in an action brought to enforce a right to an advancement of expenses) that the claimant has not met the standards of conduct
which make it permissible under the Delaware General Corporation Law (or other applicable law) for the Corporation to indemnify the claimant for the amount claimed, but the burden of proving such defense shall be on the Corporation. Neither a
contrary determination in the specific case under Section 11.3 nor the absence of any determination thereunder shall be a defense to such application or create a presumption that the claimant has not met any applicable standard of conduct. If
successful, in whole or in part, the claimant shall also be entitled to be paid the expense of prosecuting such claim, including reasonable attorneys fees incurred in connection therewith, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.

SECTION 11.6. Expenses Payable in Advance. Expenses, including without limitation attorneys
fees, incurred by a current or former director or Executive Officer in defending any civil, criminal, administrative or investigative action, suit or proceeding shall be paid by the Corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action,
suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such current or former director or Executive Officer to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that such person is not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation
as authorized in this Article XI. 

SECTION 11.7. Nonexclusivity of Indemnification and Advancement of
Expenses. The rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by or granted pursuant to this Article XI shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be
entitled under the Certificate of Incorporation, any agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in such persons official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office,
it being the policy of the Corporation that, subject to Section 11.11, indemnification of the persons specified in Sections 11.1 and 11.2 shall be made to the fullest extent permitted by law. The provisions of this Article XI shall not
be deemed to preclude the indemnification of any person who is not specified in Section 11.1 or 11.2 but whom the Corporation has the power or obligation to indemnify under the provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law, or otherwise.

SECTION 11.8. Insurance. The Corporation may
purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, Executive Officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, Executive Officer, employee or agent of
another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise against any liability asserted against such person and incurred by such person in any such capacity, or arising out of such persons status as
such, whether or not the Corporation would have the power or the obligation to indemnify such person against such liability under the provisions of this Article XI. 

SECTION 11.9. Certain Definitions. For purposes of this Article XI, references to the
Corporation shall include, in addition to the resulting corporation, any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would have had
power and authority to indemnify its directors, officers, employees or agents so that any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of such constituent corporation, or is or was serving at the request of such constituent
corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position under the provisions of this Article XI with respect to the
resulting or surviving corporation as such person would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued. For purposes of this Article XI, references to fines shall include any excise taxes
assessed on a person with respect of any employee benefit plan; and references to serving at the request of the Corporation shall include any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation which imposes duties on,
or involves services by, such director, officer, employee or agent with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in the
interest of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation as referred to in this Article XI. Any reference to an officer of
the Corporation in this Article XI shall be deemed to refer exclusively to the Executive Officers and any other officer appointed as such pursuant to and in accordance with Article VI of these Bylaws, and any reference to an officer of any other
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise shall be deemed to refer exclusively to an officer appointed by the board of directors or equivalent governing body of such other entity pursuant to the
certificate of incorporation and bylaws or equivalent organizational documents of such other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise. The fact that any person who is or was an employee of the
Corporation or an employee of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise, but not an officer thereof as described in the preceding sentence, has been given or has used the title of Vice
President or any other title that could be construed to suggest or imply that such person is or may be such an officer of the Corporation or of such other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other
enterprise shall not result in such person being constituted as, or being deemed to be, such an officer of the Corporation or of such other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise for purposes of
this Article XI. 

SECTION 11.10. Survival of Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses. The
indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this Article XI shall, unless otherwise provided when authorized or ratified, continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director or Executive Officer and shall
inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person. 

SECTION 11.11. Limitation on Indemnification.
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Article XI to the contrary, except for proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification (which shall be governed by Section 11.5), the Corporation shall not be obligated to indemnify any director,
officer, employee or agent in connection with an action, suit or proceeding (or part thereof): 

(a) for which payment has actually been
made to or on behalf of such person under any statute, insurance policy, indemnity provision, vote or otherwise, except with respect to any excess beyond the amount paid; 

(b) for an accounting or disgorgement of profits pursuant to Section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
Exchange Act), or similar provisions of federal, state or local statutory law or common law, if such person is held liable therefor (including pursuant to any settlement arrangements); 

(c) for any reimbursement of the Corporation by such person of any bonus or other incentive-based or equity-based compensation or of any
profits realized by such person from the sale of securities of the corporation, as required in each case under the Exchange Act (including any such reimbursements that arise from an accounting restatement of the Corporation pursuant to
Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act), or the payment to the Corporation of profits arising from the purchase and sale by such person of securities in violation of Section 306 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act), if such person is held liable therefor (including pursuant to any settlement arrangements); 

(d) initiated by such
person, including any action, suit or proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person against the Corporation or its directors, officers, employees, agents or other indemnitees, unless (i) the Board of Directors authorized the action,
suit or proceeding (or relevant part thereof) prior to its initiation, (ii) the Corporation provides the indemnification, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the Corporation under applicable law, (iii) otherwise
required to be made under Section 11.5 or (iv) otherwise required by applicable law; or 

(e) if prohibited by applicable law.

SECTION 11.12. Contract Rights. The obligations of the Corporation under this Article XI
to indemnify, and advance expenses to, a person who is or was a director or Executive Officer of the Corporation shall be considered a contract between the Corporation and such person, and no modification or repeal of any provision of this Article
XI shall affect, to the detriment of such person, such obligations of the Corporation in connection with a claim based on any act or failure to act occurring before such modification or repeal.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d923657dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

Singular Genomics Announces Closing of Acquisition by Deerfield Management 

February 21, 2025 

SAN DIEGO, Feb. 21, 2025 (GLOBE
NEWSWIRE) Singular Genomics Systems, Inc. (Nasdaq: OMIC), a company leveraging novel next-generation sequencing (NGS) and spatial multiomics technologies to empower researchers and clinicians, announced today the closing of its acquisition by
an affiliate of Deerfield Management Company, L.P. 

On December 23, 2024, Singular Genomics announced that Deerfield had signed a definitive
agreement to acquire all of the outstanding shares of Singular Genomics common stock not currently owned by Deerfield for $20.00 per share in cash. 

Following the satisfaction of customary conditions, including a vote of the holders of Singular Genomics common stock to approve the transaction, which
occurred on February 19, 2025, the transaction has now closed. Effective as of closing, Singular Genomics now operates as a private company, which the Singular Board of Directors believes will provide the Company with greater flexibility to
continue advancing its business strategy. Trading of Singular Genomics common stock has been suspended on Nasdaq and Singular Genomics has requested that its common stock be delisted from Nasdaq. 

Pursuant to the transaction, Josh Stahl has been appointed to lead Singular Genomics as Chief Executive Officer and will join the companys Board of
Directors. Jason Myers will also join the Board. Drew Spaventa, co-founder of Singular Genomics and the companys previous Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, will continue to serve on the Board and
assume an additional role as special advisor to the CEO. 

We are pleased to support Singular Genomics during this important transition, said
Andrew ElBardissi, M.D., Partner at Deerfield. We look forward to this new direction for the company and its technology as Singular continues its work to provide physicians and scientists with crucial sequencing and multiomics
information. 

Advisors 

TD Securities and
Houlihan Lokey served as financial advisors to the Special Committee of the Singular Genomics Board of Directors, Gunderson Dettmer, LLP served as legal advisor to Singular Genomics, and Richards, Layton & Finger, P.A. served as counsel to
the Special Committee of the Singular Genomics Board of Directors. Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP served as legal advisor to Deerfield. 

About Singular

Singular Genomics is a life science technology company that develops next-generation sequencing and multiomics technologies. The commercially
available G4 Sequencing Platform is a powerful, highly versatile benchtop genomic sequencer designed to produce fast and accurate results. In addition, the Company is currently developing the
G4X Spatial Sequencer, which will leverage its proprietary sequencing technology, applying it as an in situ readout for transcriptomics, proteomics and fluorescent H&E in tissue,
with spatial context and on the same platform as the G4. Singular Genomics mission is to empower researchers and clinicians to advance science and medicine. Visit www.singulargenomics.com for more information. 

About Deerfield 

Deerfield is an investment management
firm committed to advancing healthcare through investment, information and philanthropy. The firm works across the healthcare ecosystem to connect people, capital, ideas and technology in bold, collaborative and inclusive ways. For more information,
visit www.deerfield.com. 

Forward-looking Statements 

Certain statements contained in this press release, other than historical information, constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal
securities laws. In some cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by terms such as anticipates, believes, could, estimates, expects, foresees, forecasts,
guidance, intends goals, may, might, outlook, plans, potential, predicts, projects, seeks, should,
targets, will, would or similar expressions and the negatives of those terms. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. If the risks materialize or assumptions prove
incorrect, actual results could differ materially from the results implied by these forward looking statements. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all
factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. Further information on these and additional risks
that could affect Singular Genomics results is included in its filings with the SEC, including its most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q, and future reports that Singular Genomics may file with the SEC from time to time, which could cause actual results to vary from expectations. Any forward-looking statement made by Singular Genomics in
this press release speaks only as of the day on which Singular Genomics makes it. Singular Genomics assumes no obligation to, and does not currently intend to, update any such forward-looking statements after the date of this release. 

Investor Contact 

Philip Trip Taylor Gilmartin Group 

ir@singulargenomics.com

Media Contact

Matt Browning 

pr@singulargenomics.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>omic-20250221.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>omic-20250221_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 
Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Ex Transition Period 
Entity Ex Transition Period
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>omic-20250221_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>g923657g0227221125154.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Feb. 21, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001850906

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Feb. 21, 2025

Entity Registrant Name Singular Genomics Systems, Inc.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-40443

Entity Tax Identification Number 81-2948451

Entity Address, Address Line One 3010 Science Park Road

Entity Address, City or Town San Diego

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 92121

City Area Code (858)

Local Phone Number 333-7830

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol OMIC

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Entity Ex Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://singulargenomics.com//20250221/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d923657d8k.htm 
omic-20250221.xsd 
omic-20250221_lab.xml 
omic-20250221_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-038756-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>d923657d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001850906 

2025-02-21 
2025-02-21 

NASDAQ 
false 
0001850906 
--12-31 
8-K 
2025-02-21 
Singular Genomics Systems, Inc. 
DE 
001-40443 
81-2948451 
3010 Science Park Road 
San Diego 
CA 
92121 
(858) 
333-7830 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
OMIC 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>