<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-028143.txt : 20250218
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-028143.hdr.sgml : 20250218
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250218070544
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-028143
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		43
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250218
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250218
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250218

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cabaletta Bio, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001759138
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39103
		FILM NUMBER:		25632715

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2929 ARCH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 600
		CITY:			PHILADELPHIA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19104
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(267) 759-3100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2929 ARCH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 600
		CITY:			PHILADELPHIA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19104
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d916444d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000175913800017591382025-02-182025-02-18

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

February 18, 2025

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)

CABALETTA BIO, INC.

(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Delaware 001-39103 82-1685768

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

2929 Arch Street, Suite 600,

Philadelphia, PA 19104

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(267)759-3100

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of Each Exchange

on Which Registered

Common Stock, par value $0.00001 per share CABA The Nasdaq Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 7.01 

Regulation FD Disclosure 

On February 18, 2025, Cabaletta Bio, Inc. (the Company or Cabaletta) posted to the Investors & Media section of the Companys website at www.cabalettabio.com an updated corporate presentation providing a corporate overview and updated development plan (the Corporate Presentation). A copy of the Corporate Presentation is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated by reference into this Item 7.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K.

On February 18, 2025, the Company also issued a Press Release announcing new and updated clinical data from the first 10 patients dosed with resecabtagene autoleucel (rese-cel, formerly referred to as CABA-201) across the RESET clinical development program (the Press Release). A copy of the Press Release is furnished herewith as Exhibit 99.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

The information contained in Item 7.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K, including Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2 attached hereto, is being furnished and shall not be deemed to be filed for the purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section and shall not be incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 

Item 8.01 

Other Events. 

On February 18, 2025, the Company issued the Press Release announcing new and updated clinical data from the first 10 patients dosed with resecabtagene autoleucel (rese-cel, formerly referred to as CABA-201) across the RESET clinical development program. 

Cabaletta is currently evaluating rese-cel in the RESET (REstoring SElf-Tolerance) clinical development program, which includes six company-sponsored Phase 1/2 clinical trials with disease-specific cohorts, spanning the therapeutic areas of rheumatology, neurology and dermatology. All cohorts are evaluating a weight-based single infusion of rese-cel following a preconditioning regimen of fludarabine and cyclophosphamide, except for the RESET-PV trial, which is evaluating weight-based dosing of rese-cel without preconditioning. 

New and Updated Clinical Data Summary 

As of the data cut-off date of January 8, 2025, 10 patients had been dosed with rese-cel across the RESET-Myositis, RESET-SLE and RESET-SSc trials with sufficient follow-up to be evaluable, providing the following key insights: 

In the RESET-Myositis trial, the first adult dermatomyositis patient maintained a major total improvement score (TIS) improvement at 3 months post-infusion, off all immunosuppressants and steroids, showing potential for achieving drug-free remission in patients with refractory myositis. In addition, initial clinical responses in the first 2 immune-mediated necrotizing myopathy (IMNM) patients continued to show more gradual improvement, consistent with published academic data, suggesting response kinetics may differ among myositis subtypes. 

In the RESET-SLE trial, 3 out of 4 patients in the non-renal systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) cohort achieved DORIS (definition of remission in SLE) remission as of the most recent follow-up visit. The first patient dosed with rese-cel in the lupus nephritis (LN) cohort achieved a complete renal response (CRR). All 6 SLE and LN patients dosed, including these patients, demonstrated clinical responses off all immunosuppressants and steroids as of the data cut-off date. 

In the RESET-SSc trial, the first patient dosed with rese-cel in the severe skin cohort continued to demonstrate clinically meaningful skin improvements across an increasing number of body areas at 3 months post-infusion, in addition to improvement in lung function, after discontinuing all disease-specific therapies. 

Rese-cel consistently demonstrated deep depletion of B cells in the periphery within the first month of infusion. Tissue resident depletion consistent with the deep B cell depletion in circulation was confirmed by a lymph node biopsy in a systemic sclerosis patient. B cell repopulation has typically started around 2 months post-infusion and exhibited a transitional nave phenotype, reflecting the production of new B cells after deep systemic depletion. 

Across the first 10 patients dosed with rese-cel with at least one month of follow-up, 90% experienced either no cytokine release syndrome (CRS) or grade 1 CRS (fever) and 90% experienced no immune effector cell-associated neurotoxicity syndrome. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

The information under this Item 8.01 contains forward-looking statements of Cabaletta Bio within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended, including without limitation, express or implied statements regarding: Cabalettas business plans and objectives as a whole; Cabalettas ability to realize its vision of launching the first curative targeted cell therapy designed specifically for patients with autoimmune diseases; Cabalettas ability to successfully complete research and further development and commercialization of its drug candidates in current or future indications, including the timing and results of Cabalettas clinical trials and its ability to conduct and complete clinical trials; expectation that clinical results will support rese-cels safety and activity profile; statements regarding the timing of interactions with regulatory authorities, including such authorities review of safety information from Cabalettas ongoing clinical trials and potential registrational pathway for rese-cel; Cabalettas expectations around the potential success and therapeutic benefits of rese-cel, including its belief that rese-cel has the potential to reset the immune system and result in profound clinical responses without chronic therapy requirements in patients; the Companys advancement of separate Phase 1/2 clinical trials of rese-cel in patients with SLE, myositis, SSc and gMG and advancement of the RESET-PV and RESET-MS trials, including updates related to status, safety data, efficiency of clinical trial design and timing of data read-outs or otherwise; the clinical significance of the clinical data read-out at upcoming scientific meetings; Cabalettas belief that its expanding clinical experience with rese-cel underscores its potential to provide compelling clinical responses without the need for immunosuppressants or steroids in patients with active, refractory autoimmune disease, as well as its belief that rese-cel has the potential to transform the disease outcome and the lives of patients with autoimmune disease; and Cabalettas belief that its growing number of sites will allow it to continue accelerating the pace of enrollment and dosing across the RESET program, further enabling it to evaluate the emerging clinical profile of rese-cel and its therapeutic potential for autoimmune patients. 

Any forward-looking statements in this Item 8.01 are based on managements current expectations and beliefs of future events and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from those set forth in or implied by such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: risks related to regulatory filings and potential clearance; the risk that signs of biologic activity or persistence may not inform long-term results; Cabalettas ability to demonstrate sufficient evidence of safety, efficacy and tolerability in its preclinical studies and clinical trials of rese-cel; the risk that the results observed with the similarly-designed construct employed in academic publications, including due to the dosing regimen, are not indicative of the results we seek to achieve with rese-cel; risks that modifications to trial design or approach may not have the intended benefits and that the trial design may need to be further modified; risks related to clinical trial site activation, delays in enrollment generally or enrollment rates that are lower than expected; delays related to assessment of clinical trial results; risks related to unexpected safety or efficacy data observed during clinical studies; risks related to volatile market and economic conditions and public health crises; Cabalettas ability to retain and recognize the intended incentives conferred by Orphan Drug Designation and Fast Track Designation or other designations for its product candidates, as applicable; risks related to Cabalettas ability to protect and maintain its intellectual property position; risks related to fostering and maintaining successful relationships with Cabalettas collaboration and manufacturing partners; uncertainties related to the initiation and conduct of studies and other development requirements for its product candidates; the risk that any one or more of Cabalettas product candidates will not be successfully developed and/or commercialized; and the risk that the initial or interim results of preclinical studies or clinical studies will not be predictive of future results in connection with future studies. For a discussion of these and other risks and uncertainties, and other important factors, any of which could cause Cabalettas actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements, see the section entitled Risk Factors in Cabalettas most recent annual report on Form 10-K as well as discussions of potential risks, uncertainties, and other important factors in Cabalettas other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All information in this Item 8.01 is as of the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K, and the Company undertakes no duty to update this information unless required by law. 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits 

99.1 Investor Presentation, dated February 18, 2025, furnished herewith. 

99.2 Press Release issued by the registrant on February 18, 2025, furnished herewith. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL Document).

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, hereunto duly authorized. 

CABALETTA BIO, INC.

Date: February 18, 2025 By: 

/s/ Steven Nichtberger

Steven Nichtberger, M.D.

President and Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d916444dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Corporate Presentation FEBRUary 2025
Exhibit 99.1

Disclaimer The following presentation,
including any printed or electronic copy of these slides, the talks given by the presenters, the information communicated during any delivery of the presentation and any question and answer session and any document or material distributed at or in
connection with the presentation (collectively, the Presentation) has been prepared by Cabaletta Bio, Inc. (we, us, our, Cabaletta or the Company) and is made for
informational purposes only. This Presentation does not purport to be a prospectus, to be complete or to contain all of the information you may desire. Statements contained herein are made as of the date of this Presentation unless stated otherwise,
and this Presentation shall not under any circumstances create an implication that the information contained herein is correct as of any time after such date or that information will be updated or revised to reflect information that subsequently
becomes available or changes occurring after the date hereof. This Presentation may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 relating to our business, operations, and
financial conditions, and include, but are not limited to, express or implied statements regarding our current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding: our business, future plans and strategies for our CAAR T technology; our ability to grow
our autoimmune-focused pipeline; the ability to capitalize on and potential benefits resulting from our research and translational insights; including those related to any similarly-designed constructs or dosing regimens; the anticipated market
opportunities for rese-cel in patients with autoimmune diseases; the Companys business plans and objectives; our expectations around the potential success and therapeutic and clinical benefits of rese-cel and our other product candidates, as
well as our ability to successfully complete research and further development and commercialization of our drug candidates in current or future indications, including the timing and results of our clinical trials and our ability to conduct and
complete clinical trials; expectation that clinical results will support rese-cel's safety and activity profile; our plan to leverage increasing clinical data and a unique development program for rese-cel; the clinical significance of the clinical
data read-out at upcoming medical or scientific meetings; our belief that rese-cel has the potential to provide drug-free, durable meaningful clinical responses, through an immune reset, including the potential for achieving drug-free remission in
patients with refractory myositis; the Company's advancement of separate Phase 1/2 clinical trials of rese-cel in patients with SLE, myositis, SSc and gMG and advancement of the RESET-PV and RESET-MS trials, including updates related to status,
safety data, efficiency of clinical trial design and timing of data read-outs or otherwise; our ability to leverage our experience in autoimmune cell therapy; our ability to enroll the requisite number of patients, dose each dosing cohort in the
intended manner and timing thereof, and advance the trial as planned in our Phase 1/2 clinical trials of rese-cel; the timing any planned regulatory filings for our development programs, including IND applications; the progress and results of our
MusCAARTes Phase 1 trial, and impact around reported safety and clinical and translational data of cohorts from our MusCAARTes Phase 1 trial; Cabaletta's advancement of the whole blood manufacturing program to remove the burden of
apheresis; statements regarding the timing of regulatory filings and interactions with regulatory authorities, including such authorities' review of safety information from our ongoing clinical trials and potential registrational pathway for
rese-cel; our ability to successfully complete our preclinical and clinical studies for our product candidates, including our ability to enroll the requisite number of patients, dose each dosing cohort in the intended manner, and progress the trial;
our ability to increase enrollment from our rapidly expanding clinical network in the RESET clinical trial program in the US and Europe; our ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approval of our product candidates, including our expectations
regarding the intended incentives conferred by and ability to retain Fast Track Designations for our product candidates; our ability to accelerate our pipeline to approval and launch and to develop meaningful therapies for patients, including in
collaboration with academic and industry partners and the ability to optimize such collaborations on our development programs; our ability to contract with third-party suppliers and manufacturers and retain such manufacturers, whether due to
legislative action or otherwise; to implement an enhanced manufacturing process and further develop our internal manufacturing strategy, capabilities and facilities; our ability to execute our manufacturing strategy to enable expansion of clinical
supply and efficiently scale commercial supply for rese-cel; our potential commercial opportunities, including value and addressable market, for our product candidates. Words such as, but not limited to, look forward to,
believe, expect, anticipate, estimate, intend, plan, would, should and could, and similar expressions or words, identify
forward-looking statements. Various risks, uncertainties and assumptions could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated or implied in our forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited
to, risks related to the success, cost, and timing of our product candidate development activities and preclinical studies and clinical trials, risks related to our ability to demonstrate sufficient evidence of safety, efficacy and tolerability in
our preclinical studies and clinical trials of rese-cel and MuSK-CAART, the risk that the results observed with the similarly-designed construct, including, but not limited to, due to dosing regimen, are not indicative of the results we seek to
achieve with rese-cel, the risk that signs of biologic activity or persistence may not inform long-term results, the risk that persistence observed with effective CD19-CAR T oncology studies in combination with lymphodepletion is not indicative of,
or applicable to, clinical responses in patients with mPV, risks related to clinical trial site activation or enrollment rates that are lower than expected, our ability to demonstrate sufficient evidence of safety, efficacy and tolerability in its
preclinical studies and clinical trials of rese-cel; risks that modifications to trial design or approach may not have the intended benefits and that the trial design may need to be further modified; our ability to protect and maintain our
intellectual property position, risks related to our relationships with third parties, uncertainties related to regulatory agencies evaluation of regulatory filings and other information related to our product candidates, our ability to
retain and recognize the intended incentives conferred by any Orphan Drug Designations and Fast Track Designations, risks related to regulatory filings and potential clearance, the risk that any one or more of our product candidates will not be
successfully developed and commercialized, the risk that the results of preclinical studies or clinical studies will not be predictive of future results in connection with future studies, and risks related to volatile market and economic conditions
and public health crises. New risks and uncertainties may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible to predict all risks and uncertainties. Except as required by applicable law, we do not plan to publicly update or revise any forward-looking
statements contained herein, whether as a result of any new information, future events, changed circumstances or otherwise. Although we believe the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance
that such expectations will prove to be correct. Accordingly, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. No representations or warranties (expressed or implied) are made about the accuracy of any such
forward-looking statements. For a discussion of these and other risks and uncertainties, and other important factors, any of which could cause our actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements, see the
section entitled "Risk Factors" in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K, as well as discussions of potential risks, uncertainties, and other important factors in our other and subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Certain information contained in this Presentation relates to or is based on studies, publications, surveys and other data obtained from third-party sources and the Companys own internal estimates and research. While the Company believes
these third-party sources to be reliable as of the date of this Presentation, it has not independently verified, and makes no representation as to the adequacy, fairness, accuracy or completeness of, any information obtained from third-party
sources. The Company is the owner of various trademarks, trade names and service marks. Certain other trademarks, trade names and service marks appearing in this Presentation are the property of third parties. Solely for convenience, the trademarks
and trade names in this Presentation are referred to without the and TM symbols, but such references should not be construed as any indicator that their respective owners will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, their
rights thereto.

Develop and launch the first curative
targeted cellular therapies for patients with autoimmune diseases 

Planning to leverage increasing
clinical data and unique development program for rese-cel1 2025: Pursuing an efficient path to approval CRS, cytokine release syndrome; DM dermatomyositis; DORIS definition of remission in SLE; ICANS, immune effector cell-associated
neurotoxicity syndrome; LN lupus nephritis; PK pharmacokinetic; PD pharmacodynamic; SLE systemic lupus erythematosus; TIS total improvement score. resecabtagene autoleucel; CABA-201 As of Jan 8, 2025. As of
Feb 13, 2025. Golder, et al. Lupus. 2018;27(3): 501-506 Unique development strategy designed to accelerate time to approval and launch Compelling clinical efficacy with favorable safety profile & deep B cell depletion Multiple near-term
catalysts including clarity on potential path to approval Multiple disease-specific trials with a common design allow for generation of disease-specific efficacy data with shared safety database Weight-based dose, single infusion; supported by
clinical & translational data2 Industry-leading clinical network: 50 active US and European sites 26 patients enrolled Enrolling ~1 pt/week since Nov. 20243 Deepening clinical efficacy data over-time with immunosuppressant and steroid-free
outcomes2: DORIS remission in 3 SLE patients Complete renal response in 1st LN pt Major TIS response in 1st DM patient Favorable safety profile in 1st 10 patients 90% either no CRS or Grade 1 CRS 90% no ICANS Deep systemic B cell depletion observed
in the periphery and confirmed in the tissue in scleroderma patient by lymph node biopsy Meeting scheduled with FDA to align on registrational trial designs in 1H25 for rese-cel Enroll and complete dosing in multiple disease-specific cohorts in 2025
Present clinical data on rese-cel at medical meetings throughout 2025, including data evaluating rese-cel without preconditioning Patients are seeking a drug-free, symptom-free life which is rarely achieved despite current therapies; physicians also
prioritize prevention of end-organ damage4 

RESET clinical program has
disease-specific cohorts designed to evolve directly into registrational studies Innovative clinical strategy with potential for accelerated regulatory path Program1 Trial Preclinical Phase 1/2 Pivotal Rese-cel (CABA-201) 4-1BB CD19-CAR T
RESET-Myositis CARTA Chimeric Antigen Receptor T cells for Autoimmunity RESET-SLE RESET-SSc RESET-MG RESET-MS RESET-PV Dermatomyositis Antisynthetase syndrome Immune-mediated necrotizing myopathy Lupus
Nephritis Non-Renal SLE Skin + Organ Cohort AChR-Ab neg. gMG AChR-Ab pos. gMG Skin Cohort Rheumatology Neurology Dermatology FTD Mucocutaneous & mucosal pemphigus vulgaris Contains cohort(s) without preconditioning Juvenile Myositis Pediatric
Indication RESET REstoring SElf-Tolerance; Ab Antibody; AChR Acetylcholine receptor; gMG Generalized myasthenia gravis; MS Multiple sclerosis; SLE Systemic lupus erythematosus Additional
pipeline candidate includes MuSK-CAART for MuSK-Ab positive MG, currently being evaluated in a Phase 1 trial. FDA Fast Track Designation received in dermatomyositis, SLE and lupus nephritis, systemic sclerosis, mucosal pemphigus vulgaris, MuSK-Ab
positive MG, and multiple sclerosis. Progressive MS Relapsing MS

Chimeric Antigen Receptor T Cells for
Autoimmunity (rese-cel) 

~150 autoimmune patients have been
dosed with a range of autologous CAR T constructs (industry & academia)1 Autologous CAR T is potentially transformational for autoimmunity IIM idiopathic inflammatory myopathy; MG Myasthenia gravis; MS Multiple sclerosis;
SPS Stiff person syndrome; SSc Systemic sclerosis. Note: Other indications includes CIDP, IgG4-related disease, ANCA-associated vasculitis, NMOSD, Lambert Eaton myasthenic syndrome, autoimmune encephalitis. 1. Data as
of November 2024 (ACR Convergence 2024) based on Cabaletta Bio literature review across industry and academia. 2. Abstract 1749: Safety and Long-term Efficacy of CD19-CAR T-cell Therapy in 30 Patients with Autoimmune Disease. ACR Convergence 2024.
Compelling immunosuppressant-free clinical responses observed across many autoimmune diseases, durable for up to 4 years Clinical recurrences observed in <5% of ~150 treated patients IIM patient relapsed after 12+ months of drug-free remission No
evidence of CD19 escape or failure Patient treated with BCMA-CAR T & now in remission2 ~150 Patients Treated (by Disease) Type of CAR T Construct Efficacy Observations1 Safety Observations1 Among ~150 autoimmune patients dosed with cell therapy,
frequency and severity of CRS/ICANS events were considerably lower than those observed in cancer patients <2% Gr 3+ CRS & Gr 3+ ICANS events observed Vaccine titers stable with CD19-CAR T mono-targeting therapy insufficient data with
CD19xBCMA-CAR T 31% 60% 8%

Cabaletta rese-cel binder with similar
in vitro & in vivo activity to construct used in academic studies1,3 Rese-cel: CD19-CAR T specifically designed for autoimmunity Peng, Binghao J, et al. Preclinical specificity and activity of CABA-201, a fully human 4-1BB containing CD19
CAR T therapy for treatment-resistant autoimmune disease. Poster presented at: American Society Gene and Cell Therapy 26th Annual Meeting; 2023 May 19; Los Angeles, CA. Dai, Zhenyu, et al. "Development and functional characterization of novel
fully human antiCD19 chimeric antigen receptors for Tcell therapy." Journal of Cellular Physiology 236.8 (2021): 5832-5847. Mller, Fabian, et al. "CD19 CAR T-Cell Therapy in Autoimmune DiseaseA Case Series with Follow-up."
New England Journal of Medicine 390.8 (2024): 687-700. Maschan, Michael, et al. Multiple site place-of-care manufactured anti-CD19 CAR-T cells induce high remission rates in B-cell malignancy patients. Nature Communications 12, 7200
(2021) Transmembrane domain in rese-cel is CD8 vs. TNFRSF19 (Troy) utilized in the academic construct. The two transmembrane domains have not been shown to have a significant difference in function or IFN- production in preclinical
studies. The CD8 transmembrane domain is employed in tisagenlecleucel. Volkov, Jenell, et al. Case study of CD19 CAR T therapy in a subject with immune-mediate necrotizing myopathy treated in the RESET-Myositis phase I/II trial.
Molecular Therapy 32.11 (2024): 3821-3828. Abstract 1733: Safety and Efficacy of CABA-201, a Fully Human, Autologous 4-1BB Anti-CD19 CAR T Cell Therapy in Patients with Immune-Mediated Necrotizing Myopathy and Systemic Lupus Erythematosus from the
RESET-MyositisTM and RESET-SLETM Clinical Trials. ACR 2024. Rese-cel product design & clinical / translational data 4-1BB costimulatory domain with fully human binder Binder with similar affinity & biologic activity to academic FMC63 binder
while binding to the same epitopes1,2 Same weight-based dose as in academic studies Potential to provide immune reset based on initial clinical and translational data5 Initial patients treated with rese-cel have shown compelling clinical responses
with safety data that supports autoimmune development6 Fully human anti-CD19 binder 4-1BB costimulatory domain CD3-z signaling domain Rese-cel4 

Broad portfolio with six RESET trials
designed to address high unmet need and realize the potential of rese-cel RESET program addressing several autoimmune markets SLE Systemic lupus erythematosus; DM Dermatomyositis; SSc Systemic sclerosis; gMG 
Generalized myasthenia gravis; MS multiple sclerosis; ESRD End-stage renal disease; PV pemphigus vulgaris SSc gMG PV ~90k ~55k ~15k Middle age onset common Progressive skin & organ fibrosis with lung, cardiac, renal
damage Average survival of 12y Bimodal age of onset Profound weakness that can be disabling Risk for myasthenic crises, with respiratory failure Phase 1/2 Trials Rheum Neuro Derm No Flu/Cy Pure autoantibody & B-cell mediated autoimmune disease
Characterized by painful blisters & erosions SLE ~160-320k Affects young women & people of color ~40% with lupus nephritis, which carries ~25% risk of death or ESRD within 10y > > > Myositis ~70k Typical onset middle age Only
FDA-approved therapy is IVIg in DM High mortality due to lung & cardiac involvement > MS ~750k Chronic inflammation, axon loss, cognitive impairment, and irreversible neurologic damage > ~85k ~150k ~60k ~100k ~550k ~20k U.S. Prevalence EU
Prevalence 

Rese-cel Clinical &
Translational Data 

Designed to evaluate the safety and
tolerability of rese-cel in subjects with active, refractory disease Key inclusion and exclusion criteria in RESETTM clinical program ASyS, antisynthetase syndrome; CAR, chimeric antigen receptor; DM, dermatomyositis; HSCT, hematopoietic stem
cell transplantation; IIM, idiopathic inflammatory myopathy; JIIM, juvenile idiopathic inflammatory myopathy; LN, lupus nephritis; MAA, myositis-associated antibody; SLEDAI-2k, SLE disease activity index 2000; SSc, systemic sclerosis. 1.
ClinicalTrials.gov. Available at: www.clinicaltrials.gov/study/NCT06121297 (accessed October 2024). 2. ClinicalTrials.gov. Available at: www.clinicaltrials.gov/study/NCT06328777 (accessed October 2024). 3. ClinicalTrials.gov. Available at:
www.clinicaltrials.gov/study/NCT06154252 (accessed October 2024). RESET-SLE Diagnosis of SLE (SLE or LN) Age 18 and 65 Positive ANA or anti-dsDNA at screening SLE (non-renal): active, moderate to severe SLE, SLEDAI-2K 8;
pure class V LN eligible LN: active, biopsy-proven LN class III or IV ( class V) RESET-Myositis Diagnosis of IIM (ASyS, DM, or IMNM) Age 18 and 75 Presence of at least one myositis antibody JIIM: Age 6 and 17
with presence of at least one MSA or MAA Diagnosis of SSc limited or diffuse Age 18 and 70 Evidence of significant skin, pulmonary, renal, or cardiac involvement RESET-SSc Evidence of active disease despite prior or current
treatment with standard of care Key inclusion criteria13 Key exclusion criteria13 B cell-depleting agent within prior 3-6 months; Previous CAR T therapy and/or HSCT Presence of kidney disease other than LN Current symptoms of severe,
progressive, or uncontrolled pulmonary or cardiac disease Cancer-associated myositis Significant lung or cardiac impairment Severe lung or cardiac impairment Anticipate enrolling and completing dosing in multiple disease-specific cohorts in 2025;
similarly designed RESET-MG Phase 1/2 trial enrolling

Individual trials in myositis, SLE,
and SSc share common elements of preconditioning, dose, and study design RESETTM clinical trials have consistent design principles1 Follow up period encompasses 15 years in total, aligned to regulatory guidance for CAR T cell therapies. AE,
adverse event; CABA, Cabaletta Approach to B cell Ablation; FLU, fludarabine; CY, cyclophosphamide; PBMC, peripheral blood mononuclear cell; PD, pharmacodynamics; PK, pharmacokinetics; RESET, REstoring SElf-Tolerance; SLE, systemic lupus
erythematosus; SSc, systemic sclerosis. Cabaletta Bio: Data on file; 1. Peng BJ, et al. Mol Ther Methods Clin Dev. 2024;32(2):101267. Leukapheresis and CABA-201 production Preconditioning Single infusion of CABA-201 Weight-based dosing 1106
cells/kg Day 1 Primary endpoint: Incidence and severity of AEs T cells isolated from patients own PBMCs (autologous CAR T) Day 29 Study follow-up through Year 3 Screening Additional Endpoints Clinical efficacy measuring: Drug-free
responses Validated study-specific endpoints PK/PD analysis: CABA-201 expansion B cell depletion B cell repopulation Adverse events & safety Biomarker analysis, including autoantibody levels FLU 25 mg/m2 x 3 days CY 1000 mg/m2 x 1 day Day -5 to
Day -3

All patients had active, refractory
disease and most had failed B cell-targeting therapies Baseline characteristics of first 10 patients in the RESET program *Baseline disease activity = activity before preconditioning. #Prednisone/prednisone equivalent dose SLE-1 had
class V LN; inclusion criteria for LN cohort requires class III/IV LN. SLE-4 initiated 20 mg/day of prednisone after screening and before leukapheresis, tapered to 2.5mg by latest follow-up of week 8 and discontinued as of data cut. ADA,
adalimumab; ANI, anifrolumab; AZA, azathioprine; BEL, belimumab; BRX, brentuximab vedotin; CK, creatinine kinase; CYC, cyclophosphamide; dsDNA, double-stranded DNA; GC, glucocorticoid; HCQ, hydroxychloroquine; HMGCR,
3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-coenzyme A reductase; IVIG, intravenous immunoglobulin; LEF, leflunomide; MMF, mycophenolate mofetil; MMT-8, manual muscle testing 8; mRSS, modified Rodnan skin score; MSC, mesenchymal stem cell; MTX, methotrexate; RESET,
REstoring SElf-Tolerance; RNA P III, RNA polymerase III; RTX, rituximab; SAE, small ubiquitin-like modifier activating enzyme; SLEDAI-2K, SLE disease activity index 2000; SRP, signal recognition particle; TAC, tacrolimus; U/L, units per liter; UPCR,
urinary protein-to-creatinine ratio; VOC, voclosporin, y, years. Cabaletta Bio: Data on file. RESET-Myositis RESET-Myositis Patient / Cohort IMNM-1 IMNM-2 DM-1 Age, sex 33 M 60 M 57 M Disease duration (y) ~2 ~4 ~4 Autoantibodies SRP HMGCR SAE
Baseline Disease activity* MMT-8 130 126 131 CK (U/L) 617 4725 94 Therapies at Screening GC, MTX GC, IVIG GC, MMF, HCQ Other prior therapies RTX, IVIG RTX, MMF, MTX IVIG GC dose at Screening (mg/day)# 5 5 20 RESET-SLE SLE-1 Class V LN
SLE-2 SLE-3 SLE-4 LN-1 LN-2 26 M 36 F 44 F 37 F 24 F 35 F ~6 ~17 ~9 ~10 ~2 ~8 dsDNA dsDNA dsDNA dsDNA dsDNA dsDNA SLEDAI-2K 26 10 8 8 22 14 UPCR (mg/mg) 1.08 n/a n/a n/a 7.22 4.85 HCQ, GC, MMF GC, AZA HCQ, MMF, BEL HCQ HCQ, GC, MMF,
ANI, VOC MMF CYC, BEL, VOC, TAC HCQ, MTX, ANI, BEL, MSC, RTX, ADA GC, MTX MTX, BEL BEL, LEF HCQ, GC, AZA, RTX 10 7 n/a n/a 20 N/A RESET-SSc SSc-Skin-1 Severe skin cohort 66 F ~2 RNA P III mRSS 42 MMF, BRX HCQ N/A

B cell repopulation with
transitional nave cells started as early as 2 months post-infusion Consistent and deep B cell depletion by Day 221 PK, pharmacokinetic; PD, pharmacodynamic * Pre-infusion B-cell levels were measured at pre-preconditioning for all subjects
other than IMNM-2 where apheresis was used 1. Nunez et al. Correlative Studies of CABA-201 from the RESET-MyositisTM and RESET-SLETM Clinical Trials. Presented at ACR Convergence 2024. Abstract 0324 Peak expansion typically day 8 to 15; B cell
depletion by day 22 B cell repopulation as early as 8 weeks post-infusion * B cell repopulation across all indications to date Rese-cel exhibited a PK/PD profile with peak expansion between Day 8 and 15 as expected, with a later 2nd peak for the
first LN patient, suggestive of a possible occult infection1 SSc Myositis SLE & LN

Tissue resident depletion,
consistent with the deep B cell depletion in circulation, observed via lymph node biopsy Lymph node B cell depletion 21 days post infusion in first SSc patient LN biopsies were from the left inguinal area using USG at U. Michigan by Dr. Khanna All
Images are 20X magnification Baseline 21 days post-infusion T cells (CD3) B cells (CD20) B cells (CD19)

Incidence and severity of adverse
events in the first 10 patients* *As of Jan 8, 2025; Primary endpoint is incidence and severity of adverse events through Day 29. Graded per ASTCT Consensus Grading Criteria. Of these patients, DM-1, SLE-2, SLE-3, SLE-4, LN-2, and SSc-Skin-1
received medication for seizure prophylaxis. Tocilizumab was not administered for any cases of CRS. Coded in System Organ Class of Infections and Infestations and meets seriousness criteria. As assessed per FDA guidelines.
Consistent with Prolonged Cytopenias, which is a labeled warning and precaution for approved oncology CAR T products. MIP-1, IL-27 Nunez et al. Correlative Studies of CABA-201 from the RESET-MyositisTM and RESET-SLETM
Clinical Trials. Presented at ACR Convergence 2024. Abstract 0324 CRS, cytokine release syndrome; CY, cyclophosphamide; FLU, fludarabine; ICANS, immune effector cell-associated neurotoxicity syndrome; SAE, serious adverse event. Cabaletta Bio: Data
on file. **Prior to infusion, LN-1 patient experienced acute, febrile inflammatory events & highly elevated pro-inflammatory cytokines1 that continued after treatment, suggesting a possible occult infection; supportive data from TCR clonal
sequencing2. ICANS event resolved completely with standard therapies. RESET-Myositis Cohort IMNM DM Patient IMNM-1 IMNM-2 DM-1 CRS None None None ICANS None None None Serious infections None None None
Hypogammaglobulinemia None None None Related SAEs (Grade) (excluding CRS and ICANS) None None None RESET-SLE Non-renal SLE LN SLE-1 SLE-2 SLE-3 SLE-4 LN-1** LN-2 None Grade 1 None None Grade 1 None None None None None Grade 4 None None
None None None None None None None None None Grade 2 None None None None None Fever (1) Neutropenic fever (1) Pancytopenia (4) None RESET-SSc Severe Skin SSc-Skin-1 Grade 2 None None None None

1st known adult DM patient dosed
with CAR T demonstrated compelling early response off immunosuppressants* RESET-Myositis: Efficacy data following rese-cel infusion *As of Jan 8, 2025. CDASI-A, Cutaneous Dermatomyositis Disease Area and Severity Index Activity; CK,
creatinine kinase; HCQ, hydroxychloroquine; MMF, mycophenolate mofetil; MMT-8, manual muscle testing 8; TIS, total improvement score; U/L, units per liter. Cabaletta Bio: Data on file. Maintenance of major response to treatment (TIS) in DM-1 shows
potential for achieving drug-free remission in patients with refractory myositis Disease activity & improvement measures DM patient maintained a major TIS response at Week 12 CK (U/L) MMT-8 Normal strength CK DM-1 CDASI-A TIS Major Moderate
Minimal None Discontinued all immunosuppressants MMF, HCQ Discontinued:

1st IMNM patient with longer follow
up demonstrated continuing clinical response off immunosuppressants* RESET-Myositis: Efficacy data following rese-cel infusion1 *As of Jan 8, 2025. IMNM-1 Day 29 CK measurement was unavailable; Day 22 used. IMNM-2 developed a PE
at Day 38 with a prolonged hospitalization and recovery and received IVIG just after Week 12 visit and increased prednisone from 5 mg to 20 mg 2 weeks later. CK, creatinine kinase; HCQ, hydroxychloroquine; IVIG, intravenous immunoglobulin; MTX,
methotrexate; MMF, mycophenolate mofetil; MMT-8, manual muscle testing 8; TIS, total improvement score; U/L, units per liter. 1. Cabaletta Bio: Data on file. 2. Schett, G. 'CAR-T Cell Therapy: "The Future is Now."' 5th Global Conference on Myositis.
iMyoS. Pittsburgh, PA. Initial clinical responses in IMNM are consistent with published data;2 response kinetics seem to differ among myositis subtypes Disease activity & improvement measures 1st IMNM patient demonstrated continuing clinical
response off immunosuppressants without flares at Week 40 TIS Major Moderate Minimal None MTX IVIG MMF, HCQ Discontinued all immunosuppressants Discontinued: CK (U/L) MMT-8 CK (N=3) Normal strength 

3 out of 4 SLE patients have
achieved DORIS remission and 1st LN patient achieved CRR off all IS and steroids RESET-SLE: Efficacy data following rese-cel infusion* *As of Jan 8, 2025 Enrollment in the LN cohort requires class III/IV +/- V LN. SLE-1 had isolated
class V LN and extra-renal SLE disease activity that met inclusion criteria for the non-renal cohort. Proteinuria contributed 4 SLEDAI-2K points at all assessments. SLEDAI-2K components at latest follow up: SLE-1: proteinuria-4,
complement-2, dsDNA-2; SLE-3: dsDNA-2; SLE-4: dsDNA-2; LN-1: rash-2; LN-2: proteinuria-4, leukopenia-1, alopecia-2, complement-2, dsDNA-2 # SLE-4 and LN-1 had discontinued GC as of the data cut; as of the latest follow up SLE-4 was on 2.5mg/d
of prednisone (week 8) and LN-1 was on 7mg/d of prednisone (week 24) CRR, complete renal response; DORIS, definition of remission in SLE; IS, immunosuppressant; LLDAS, lupus low disease activity state; N/A, not applicable; SLEDAI-2K, Systemic Lupus
Erythematosus Disease Activity Index 2000. Cabaletta Bio: Data on file SLE LN Patient SLE-1 SLE-2 SLE-3 SLE-4 LN-1 LN-2 Latest follow-up (weeks) 36 16 8 8 24 4 DORIS remission (at latest follow-up) 
LLDAS (at latest follow-up) SLEDAI-2K score (baseline to latest follow-up) 268 100 82 82 222 1411 Urine protein-creatinine ratio (baseline to latest
follow-up) 1.080.55 N/A N/A N/A 7.220.45 4.852.56 Complete renal response (at latest follow-up) N/A N/A N/A Glucocorticoid-free# Immunosuppressant-free 

Improvements in skin across
multiple body areas and in lung function, after discontinuing immunosuppressants* RESET-SSc: efficacy data in first SSc patient post rese-cel infusion1 *As of Jan 8, 2025 patient is not taking immunosuppressants or steroids. DLCO, % predicted
diffusing capacity for carbon monoxide; FVC, % predicted forced vital capacity; mRSS, modified Rodnan Skin Score (measure of skin thickness in SSc across 17 body areas, with a maximum score of 51. Used as an outcome measure in SSc clinical trials as
a surrogate for disease activity, severity, and mortality)2. 1. Cabaletta Bio: Data on file. 2. Khanna D, et al. J Scleroderma Relat Disord. 2017;2(1):1118. Early clinical data in SSc-Skin-1 indicate potential emergence of a drug-free
clinical response* 0 1 2 3 None Mild Moderate Severe 0 1 2 3 None Mild Moderate Severe Baseline mRSS score by body area1 Week 12 mRSS score by body area1 Overall mRSS score1 Baseline Week 12 DLCO 70% 85% FVC 91% 97% Pulmonary function
tests

Rese-cel Product/Process
Innovations & Indication Expansion 

Several innovations to enhance
patient experience, expand access and address scale in autoimmune disease Securing & expanding our leadership in autoimmune cell therapy Cohen, Adam D., et al. "B cell maturation antigenspecific CAR T cells are clinically active in
multiple myeloma." The Journal of Clinical Investigation 129.6 (2019). Poster P0744: Clinical and translational findings following MuSK-CAART infusion without preconditioning in patients with Myasthenia Gravis (MuSCAARTesTM trial). ESGCT
2024. Abstract 1372: Autologous CD19 CART Manufacturing from Whole Blood Collection for the Treatment of Autoimmune Disease. ASGCT 2024. Product/Process Innovations in development Minimizing the requirement for inpatient administration and follow-up
Advancing whole blood program to remove the burden of apheresis3 Evaluating rese-cel in PV without preconditioning Published data and CAART platform experience suggest that preconditioning may not be necessary in autoimmune patients1,2 As a
well-defined autoantibody-mediated disease, PV is a potentially ideal evaluation setting Expected to present clinical data from the RESET-PV trial in 2025 IND application cleared for RESET-MS trial in patients with multiple sclerosis (MS) RESET-MS
is a Phase 1/2 dose-escalation study in relapsing MS and progressive MS FDA has granted Fast Track Designation to rese-cel for the treatment of relapsing MS and progressive MS 

Staged approach allows for
efficient allocation of capital while leveraging experienced partners Manufacturing strategy securing reliable supply then innovating Innovative Manufacturing: Scale-Up, Reduce COGs & Improve Patient Experience Clinical & Commercial
Supply: Penn, CDMOs & CABA Process Clinical Supply: Penn has reliably provided timely product for years WuXi partnership provides additional and expanded global rese-cel supply Advancing Commercial-readiness Efforts: Commercial-ready drug
product tech transfer process expected to be completed with Lonza as early as 2H25 Partnered with commercial supplier for vector Opportunity for additional manufacturing partners Expanded partnerships for automated manufacturing Completing Cellares
technology assessment program Evaluating whole blood process to eliminate apheresis

Corporate Summary 

Track record of operational success
evaluating & developing novel cell therapy candidates in autoimmunity Cabaletta Bio leadership LEADERSHIP TEAM Anup Marda Chief Financial Officer Nicolette Sherman Chief HR Officer Michael Gerard General Counsel Steven Nichtberger, M.D.
President, CEO & Chairman Heather Harte-Hall Chief Compliance Officer Gwendolyn Binder, Ph.D. President, Science & Technology SCIENTIFIC ADVISORY BOARD Aimee Payne, M.D., Ph.D. Co-Founder and Co-Chair Michael C. Milone, M.D., Ph.D.
Co-Founder and Co-Chair Carl June, M.D. Jay Siegel, M.D. Brian Daniels, M.D. Drew Weissman, M.D., Ph.D. Iain McInnes, Ph.D., FRCP, FRSE, FMedSci Georg Schett, M.D. David J. Chang, M.D., M.P.H., FACR Chief Medical Officer Samik Basu, M.D. Chief
Scientific Officer Arun Das, M.D. Chief Business Officer From Fortune. 2024 Fortune Media IP Limited. All rights reserved. Used under license. Sarah Yuan Chief Technology Officer Gerwin Winter Head of International

Cabalettas Anticipated Key
Milestones for 2025 Present rese-cel clinical & translational data at medical and scientific meetings 2025 Enroll and complete dosing in multiple disease-specific RESETTM cohorts 2025 Present clinical data evaluating rese-cel with no
preconditioning from the RESET-PVTM trial 2025 Align with FDA on registrational trial designs for rese-cel 1H25

Corporate Presentation february
2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d916444dex992.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.2
<TEXT>
EX-99.2

Exhibit 99.2 

Cabaletta Bio Announces Updated Clinical Data 

Demonstrating Deepening Clinical Responses across 

Multiple Indications with Rese-cel at February Scientific 

Meetings 

Clinical efficacy continued to deepen over time with three SLE patients in DORIS remission, the first LN patient achieving complete renal response, and the first dermatomyositis patient maintaining a major TIS improvement; each of these patients
discontinued all immunosuppressants and are off steroids as of the latest follow-up 

Safety profile continues to suggest favorable risk-benefit in the first 10 patients dosed; 90% of patients experienced either no CRS
or Grade 1 CRS (fever) and 90% of patients experienced no ICANS 

Deep B cell depletion observed in all patients after
rese-cel infusion with a transitional nave B cell phenotype upon repopulation; tissue-resident B cell elimination confirmed by a lymph node biopsy in a scleroderma patient 

50 clinical sites in the U.S. and Europe actively recruiting with 26 patients enrolled across the RESET clinical development program as of February 13, 2025 

PHILADELPHIA, Feb. 18,
2025 Cabaletta Bio, Inc. (Nasdaq: CABA), a clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on developing and launching the first curative targeted cell therapies designed specifically for patients with autoimmune diseases, today announced
new and updated clinical data from the first 10 patients dosed with resecabtagene autoleucel (rese-cel, formerly referred to as CABA-201) across the RESET clinical development program. These data were
presented by Aimee Payne, M.D., Ph.D., Co-founder of and Scientific Advisory Board Co-chair at Cabaletta Bio in the Science Breakthroughs session at the 2025
annual meeting of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, which was held in Boston, MA from February 13-15, 2025, and are being presented by Samik Basu, M.D., Chief Scientific Officer at
Cabaletta Bio at the 5th International Conference on Lymphocyte Engineering, which is being held in Munich, Germany from February 20-22, 2025. 

The expanding clinical experience with rese-cel underscores its potential to provide compelling clinical responses without the need for
immunosuppressants or steroids in patients with active, refractory autoimmune disease. With patients across the ongoing myositis, lupus and systemic sclerosis trials achieving DORIS remission in SLE, complete renal response in LN, and major TIS
improvement in dermatomyositis, all while off all immunosuppressants and steroids, we believe rese-cel has the potential to transform the lives of patients with autoimmune disease, said David J. Chang, M.D., Chief Medical Officer of Cabaletta.
We intend to include these data when we meet with the FDA to align on registrational trial designs in the first half of 2025. We believe our expanding footprint of clinical sites in the US and Europe has facilitated our ability to accelerate
the pace of enrollment and dosing across the RESET program. With an average of one patient enrolling per week since November, we anticipate that we will generate sufficient data to further clarify rese-cels profile across multiple indications
this year to rapidly deliver its therapeutic potential for autoimmune patients. 

Cabaletta is currently evaluating rese-cel in the RESET (REstoring SElf-Tolerance) clinical development
program, which includes six company-sponsored Phase 1/2 clinical trials with disease-specific cohorts, spanning the therapeutic areas of rheumatology, neurology and dermatology. All cohorts are evaluating a weight-based single infusion of rese-cel
following a preconditioning regimen of fludarabine and cyclophosphamide, except for the RESET-PV trial, which is evaluating weight-based dosing of
rese-cel without preconditioning. 

New and Updated Clinical Data Summary 

As of the data cut-off date of January 8, 2025, 10 patients had been dosed with rese-cel across the RESET-Myositis, RESET-SLE and RESET-SSc trials with
sufficient follow-up to be evaluable, providing the following key insights: 

In the RESET-Myositis trial, the first adult dermatomyositis patient maintained a major total improvement score
(TIS) improvement at 3 months post-infusion, off all immunosuppressants and steroids, showing potential for achieving drug-free remission in patients with refractory myositis. In addition, initial clinical responses in the first 2 immune-mediated
necrotizing myopathy (IMNM) patients continued to show more gradual improvement, consistent with published academic data, suggesting response kinetics may differ among myositis subtypes. 

In the RESET-SLE trial, 3 out of 4 patients in the non-renal systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) cohort achieved DORIS (definition of remission in SLE) remission as of the most recent follow-up visit. The first patient dosed
with rese-cel in the lupus nephritis (LN) cohort achieved a complete renal response (CRR). All 6 SLE and LN patients dosed, including these patients, demonstrated clinical responses off all immunosuppressants and steroids as of the data cut-off date. 

In the RESET-SSc trial, the first patient dosed with rese-cel in the severe skin cohort continued to demonstrate
clinically meaningful skin improvements across an increasing number of body areas at 3 months post-infusion, in addition to improvement in lung function, after discontinuing all disease-specific therapies. 

Rese-cel consistently demonstrated deep depletion of B cells in the periphery within the first month of infusion.
Tissue resident depletion consistent with the deep B cell depletion in circulation was confirmed by a lymph node biopsy in a systemic sclerosis patient. B cell repopulation has typically started around 2 months post-infusion and exhibited a
transitional nave phenotype, reflecting the production of new B cells after deep systemic depletion. 

Across the first 10 patients dosed with rese-cel with at least one month of
follow-up, 90% experienced either no cytokine release syndrome (CRS) or grade 1 CRS (fever) and 90% experienced no immune effector cell-associated neurotoxicity syndrome. 

Additional information can be accessed on the website of each scientific meeting. Presentation materials will be made available on the Posters &
Publications section of the Companys website following each event. 

About rese-cel (formerly referred to as CABA-201)

Rese-cel is a 4-1BB-containing fully human CD19-CAR T cell investigational therapy for patients with autoimmune diseases where B cells contribute to the initiation and/or maintenance of disease. Following a one-time
infusion of a weight-based dose, rese-cel is designed to transiently and deeply deplete all CD19-positive cells in both the peripheral circulation and within tissues. This approach has the potential to reset the immune system and result in profound
clinical responses without chronic therapy requirements in patients. Cabaletta is currently evaluating rese-cel in the RESET (REstoring SElf-Tolerance) clinical development program which
includes multiple disease-specific, company-sponsored clinical trials across expanding portfolios of autoimmune diseases in a broad range of therapeutic areas, including rheumatology, neurology and dermatology. 

About Cabaletta Bio 

Cabaletta Bio (Nasdaq: CABA) is a
clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on developing and launching the first curative targeted cell therapies designed specifically for patients with autoimmune diseases. The CABA
platform encompasses two complementary strategies which aim to advance the discovery and development of engineered T cell therapies with the potential to become deep and durable, perhaps curative, treatments for a broad range of autoimmune diseases.
The lead CARTA (Chimeric Antigen Receptor T cells for Autoimmunity) strategy is prioritizing the development of rese-cel, a 4-1BB-containing fully human CD19-CAR T cell investigational therapy. Rese-cel is currently being evaluated with a single weight-based dosing regimen across the RESET (REstoring
SElf-Tolerance) clinical development program spanning multiple therapeutic areas, including rheumatology, neurology and dermatology. Cabaletta Bios headquarters and labs are located in Philadelphia, PA. For more information, please
visit www.cabalettabio.com and connect with us on LinkedIn. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This press release contains forward-looking statements of Cabaletta Bio within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995,
as amended, including without limitation, express or implied statements regarding: Cabalettas business plans and objectives as a whole; Cabalettas ability to realize its vision of launching the first curative targeted cell therapy
designed specifically for patients with autoimmune diseases; Cabalettas ability to successfully complete research and further development and commercialization of its drug candidates in current or future indications, including the timing and
results of Cabalettas clinical trials and its ability to conduct and complete clinical trials; expectation that clinical results will support rese-cels safety and activity profile; statements regarding the timing of interactions with
regulatory authorities, including such authorities review of safety information from Cabalettas ongoing clinical trials and potential registrational pathway for rese-cel; Cabalettas expectations around the potential success and
therapeutic benefits of rese-cel, including its belief that rese-cel has the potential to reset the immune system and result in profound clinical responses without chronic therapy requirements in patients; the Companys advancement of separate
Phase 1/2 clinical trials of rese-cel in patients with SLE, myositis, SSc and gMG and advancement of the RESET-PV and RESET-MS trials, including updates related to
status, safety data, efficiency of clinical trial design and timing of data read-outs or otherwise; the clinical significance of the clinical data read-out at upcoming scientific meetings; Cabalettas
belief that its expanding clinical experience with rese-cel underscores its potential to provide compelling clinical responses without the need for immunosuppressants or steroids in patients with active, refractory autoimmune disease, as well as its
belief that rese-cel has the potential to transform the disease outcome and the lives of patients with autoimmune disease; and Cabalettas belief that its growing number of sites will allow it to continue accelerating the pace of enrollment and
dosing across the RESET program, further enabling it to evaluate the emerging clinical profile of rese-cel and its therapeutic potential for autoimmune patients. 

Any forward-looking statements in this press release are based on managements current expectations and
beliefs of future events and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from those set forth in or implied by such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties
include, but are not limited to: risks related to regulatory filings and potential clearance; the risk that signs of biologic activity or persistence may not inform long-term results; Cabalettas ability to demonstrate sufficient evidence of
safety, efficacy and tolerability in its preclinical studies and clinical trials of rese-cel; the risk that the results observed with the similarly-designed construct employed in academic publications, including due to the dosing regimen, are not
indicative of the results we seek to achieve with rese-cel; risks that modifications to trial design or approach may not have the intended benefits and that the trial design may need to be further modified; risks related to clinical trial site
activation, delays in enrollment generally or enrollment rates that are lower than expected; delays related to assessment of clinical trial results; risks related to unexpected safety or efficacy data observed during clinical studies; risks related
to volatile market and economic conditions and public health crises; Cabalettas ability to retain and recognize the intended incentives conferred by Orphan Drug Designation and Fast Track Designation or other designations for its product
candidates, as applicable; risks related to Cabalettas ability to protect and maintain its intellectual property position; risks related to fostering and maintaining successful relationships with Cabalettas collaboration and
manufacturing partners; uncertainties related to the initiation and conduct of studies and other development requirements for its product candidates; the risk that any one or more of Cabalettas product candidates will not be successfully
developed and/or commercialized; and the risk that the initial or interim results of preclinical studies or clinical studies will not be predictive of future results in connection with future studies. For a discussion of these and other risks and
uncertainties, and other important factors, any of which could cause Cabalettas actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements, see the section entitled Risk Factors in Cabalettas most recent
annual report on Form 10-K as well as discussions of potential risks, uncertainties, and other important factors in Cabalettas other subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All
information in this press release is as of the date of the release, and Cabaletta undertakes no duty to update this information unless required by law. 

Contacts: 

Anup Marda 

Chief Financial Officer 

investors@cabalettabio.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>caba-20250218.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>caba-20250218_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>caba-20250218_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>g916444ex99_1s10g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>g916444ex99_1s11g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>g916444ex99_1s12g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>g916444ex99_1s13g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>g916444ex99_1s14g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>g916444ex99_1s15g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>g916444ex99_1s16g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>g916444ex99_1s17g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>g916444ex99_1s18g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>g916444ex99_1s19g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>g916444ex99_1s1g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>g916444ex99_1s20g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>g916444ex99_1s21g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>g916444ex99_1s22g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>g916444ex99_1s23g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>g916444ex99_1s24g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>g916444ex99_1s25g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>g916444ex99_1s26g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>g916444ex99_1s27g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>g916444ex99_1s2g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>g916444ex99_1s3g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>g916444ex99_1s4g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>29
<FILENAME>g916444ex99_1s5g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>g916444ex99_1s6g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>31
<FILENAME>g916444ex99_1s7g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>32
<FILENAME>g916444ex99_1s8g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>33
<FILENAME>g916444ex99_1s9g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>34
<FILENAME>g916444g0216213313315.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>36
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Feb. 18, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001759138

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Feb. 18, 2025

Entity Registrant Name CABALETTA BIO, INC.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-39103

Entity Tax Identification Number 82-1685768

Entity Address, Address Line One 2929 Arch Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 600

Entity Address, City or Town Philadelphia

Entity Address, State or Province PA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 19104

City Area Code (267)

Local Phone Number 759-3100

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, par value $0.00001 per share

Trading Symbol CABA

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>37
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>38
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>39
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>41
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.cabalettabio.com//20250218/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

caba-20250218.xsd 
caba-20250218_lab.xml 
caba-20250218_pre.xml 
d916444d8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>43
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>44
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-028143-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>45
<FILENAME>d916444d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001759138 

2025-02-18 
2025-02-18 

false 
0001759138 
8-K 
2025-02-18 
CABALETTA BIO, INC. 
DE 
001-39103 
82-1685768 
2929 Arch Street 
Suite 600 
Philadelphia 
PA 
19104 
(267) 
759-3100 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.00001 per share 
CABA 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>