<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001214659-25-005956.txt : 20250416
<SEC-HEADER>0001214659-25-005956.hdr.sgml : 20250416
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250416063040
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001214659-25-005956
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250416
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250416
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250416

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Hyperscale Data, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000896493
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRONIC COMPONENTS, NEC [3679]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		EIN:				941721931
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12711
		FILM NUMBER:		25841178

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11411 SOUTHERN HIGHLANDS PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 240
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89141
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(949) 444-5464 3679

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11411 SOUTHERN HIGHLANDS PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 240
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89141

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Ault Alliance, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20230103

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BitNile Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20211213

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Ault Global Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210119
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>p4152538k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000089649300008964932025-04-162025-04-160000896493GPUS:ClassCommonStock0.001ParValueMember2025-04-162025-04-160000896493GPUS:Sec13.00SeriesDCumulativeRedeemablePerpetualPreferredStockParValue0.001PerShareMember2025-04-162025-04-16iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

____________________________________________________________

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

___________________________________________________________________

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): April
16, 2025

HYPERSCALE DATA, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-12711 94-1721931

(State or other jurisdiction of 

incorporation or organization) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

11411 Southern Highlands Parkway, Suite 190,
Las Vegas, NV89141

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(949)444-5464

(Registrant's telephone number, including area
code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Class A Common Stock, $0.001 par value GPUS NYSE American

13.00% Series D Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share GPUS PD NYSE American

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On April 15, 2025 (the Closing
Date), Hyperscale Data, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company) entered into securities purchase agreements
(the Agreements) with Target Capital 14 LLC, an Arizona limited liability company and Secure Net Capital LLC, a Nevada
limited liability company (collectively, the Investors), pursuant to which the Company issued to the Investors convertible
promissory notes in the aggregate principal face amount of $5 million (the Notes) in aggregate gross consideration
of $4 million in cash paid by the Investors to the Company, prior to placement agent fees and expenses of approximately $460,000 (the
Transaction).

Description of the Notes

The Notes have an aggregate
principal face amount of $5,000,000 and were issued with an original issue discount of twenty percent (20%), or $1,000,000. The Notes
do not accrue interest unless an Event of Default (as defined in the Notes) occurs, at which time the Notes would accrue interest at 20%
per annum. The Notes will mature on September 30, 2025. The Notes are convertible into shares (the Conversion Shares)
of the Companys class A common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Common Stock) at any time after NYSE
American (NYSE) approval of the Supplemental Listing Application (the SLAP) at a conversion
price equal to the greater of (i) $0.40 per share (the Floor Price), which Floor Price shall not be adjusted for
stock dividends, stock splits, stock combinations and other similar transactions and (ii) 80% of the lowest closing price of the
Common Stock during the five (5) trading days immediately prior to the date of conversion into shares of Common Stock.

The Company may not issue
Conversion Shares to the extent such issuances would result in an aggregate number of shares of Common Stock exceeding 19.99% of the total
shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding as of the Closing Date, in accordance with the rules and regulations of the NYSE unless
the Company first obtains stockholder approval (the Stockholder Approval). Pursuant to the Agreements, the Company
agreed to file a preliminary proxy or information statement to obtain the Stockholder Approval (the PRE 14A) within
15 days of the Closing Date.

Pursuant to the Agreements, the Company
is obligated to use commercially reasonable efforts to (i) file a resale registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the Commission) within 15 days of the Closing Date and (ii) have such resale registration statement declared effective
by the Commission within 60 days of the Closing Date (or 75 days in the event of a full review by the Commission).

Additionally, commencing
on the Closing Date and continuing until such time as the Notes are no longer outstanding, the Company shall be prohibited from entering
into a variable rate transaction.

The Notes contain standard
and customary events of default including, but not limited to, failure to pay amounts due under the Notes when required, failure to deliver
Conversion Shares when required, default in covenants, bankruptcy events delisting of the Common Stock from an approved market, failure
to timely file all reports required under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and the failure to timely file the PRE 14A.

Upon the first occurrence
of an Event of Default under the Notes (such date, the Event of Default Date), (i) the principal amount outstanding
as of the Event of Default Date shall be automatically increased by ten percent (10%) and (ii) the Company shall be obligated to pay each
Investor an amount, in cash (which cannot be converted into Conversion Shares) equal to ten percent (10%) of the principal amount outstanding
as of the Event of Default Date.

This Current Report on
Form 8-K shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of any offer to buy the Conversion Shares, nor shall there be any offer,
solicitation or sale of the Conversion Shares in any state in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration
or qualification under the securities laws of such state.

The Agreements contain
customary representations, warranties and agreements by the Company, obligations of the parties, termination provisions and closing conditions.
The representations, warranties and covenants contained in the Agreements were made only for purposes of such agreement and as of specific
dates, were solely for the benefit of the parties to such Agreements, and may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting
parties.

The foregoing descriptions
of the terms of the Notes and the Agreements do not purport to be complete and are subject to, and qualified in their entirety by reference
to, the form of Note and Agreement which are annexed here as Exhibits 4.1 and 10.1, respectively, and are incorporated
herein by reference.

Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The disclosure required by this Item and
included in Item 1.01 of this Current Report is incorporated herein by reference.

-2- 

Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The information contained
in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference to this Item 3.02. The Notes described in this Current
Report on Form 8-K was offered and issued to the Investors in reliance upon exemption from the registration requirements under Section
4(a)(2) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits:

Exhibit No. Description

4.1 Form of Convertible Promissory Note, issued April 15, 2025.

10.1 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated April 15, 2025, by and between the Company and the Investor.

101 Pursuant to Rule 406 of Regulation S-T, the cover page is formatted in Inline XBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language).

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit 101).

-3- 

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

HYPERSCALE DATA, INC. 

Dated: April 16, 2025 /s/ Henry Nisser 

Henry Nisser

President and General Counsel 

-4-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex4_1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE

NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES
REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED
(I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B)
AN OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE HOLDER (IF REQUESTED BY THE COMPANY), IN A FORM REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY, THAT REGISTRATION IS
NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD OR ELIGIBLE TO BE SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING
THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED
BY THE SECURITIES. ANY TRANSFEREE OF THIS CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE SHOULD CAREFULLY REVIEW THE TERMS OF THIS CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY
NOTE, INCLUDING SECTIONS 3(b) HEREOF. THE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT REPRESENTED BY THIS CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE AND, ACCORDINGLY, THE SECURITIES
ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION HEREOF MAY BE LESS THAN THE AMOUNTS SET FORTH ON THE FACE HEREOF PURSUANT TO SECTION 3(c)(iii) OF THIS CONVERTIBLE
PROMISSORY NOTE.

HYPERSCALE DATA, INC.

CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE DUE SEPTEMBER
30, 2025

Issuance Date: April 15, 2025 Principal Amount: $___________

FOR VALUE RECEIVED,
Hyperscale Data, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), hereby promises to pay to the order of ___________,
a ___________ limited liability company, or its registered assigns (Holder) the amount set forth above as the original
principal amount (the Principal) when due, whether upon September 30, 2025 (the Maturity Date),
or upon acceleration, prepayment or otherwise (in each case in accordance with the terms hereof) and to pay interest (Interest)
on any outstanding Principal at the applicable Default Interest (as defined below) rate as set forth herein until the same becomes due
and payable, whether upon the Maturity Date or upon acceleration, conversion, prepayment or otherwise (in each case in accordance with
the terms hereof). This Convertible Promissory Note (this Note) is issued to the Holder as of the date set forth
above as the Issuance Date (the Issuance Date) by the Company. Certain capitalized terms used herein are defined
in Section 21.

1. PAYMENTS
OF PRINCIPAL.

On the Maturity
Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder an amount in cash representing all outstanding Principal and accrued and unpaid Interest on
such Principal. Other than as specifically permitted by this Note, the Company may not prepay any portion of the outstanding Principal
or accrued and unpaid Interest.

2. INTEREST
RATE; DEFAULT RATE.

(a) This
Note shall not accrue any interest from the Issuance Date unless and until the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined herein) as
the Note was issued with an original issue discount of ___________ Dollars and No Cents ($___________).

(b) From
and after the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, the Note shall commence accruing interest at the rate of
20.0% per annum (the Default Interest), and shall be due and payable on the first Trading Day of each calendar month
during the continuance of such Event of Default (a Default Interest Payment Date). In the event that such Event of
Default is subsequently cured (and no other Event of Default then exists (including, without limitation, for the Companys failure
to pay such Default Interest on the applicable Default Interest Payment Date), then the Note shall cease accruing Default Interest effective
as of the day immediately following the date of such cure; provided that the Default Interest as calculated and unpaid at such increased
rate during the continuance of such Event of Default shall continue to apply to the extent relating to the days after the occurrence of
such Event of Default through and including the date of such cure of such Event of Default.

3. CONVERSION
OF NOTE. This Note shall be convertible into validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable shares (the Conversion Shares)
of Common Stock on the terms and conditions set forth in this Section 3.

(a) Conversion
Right. At any time after the Supplemental Listing Application has been approved by the Principal Market, the Holder shall be
entitled to convert any portion of the outstanding and unpaid Conversion Amount (as defined below) into Conversion Shares in accordance
with Section 3(b), at the Conversion Rate (as defined below). The Company shall not issue any fraction of a Conversion Share upon any
conversion. If the issuance would result in the issuance of a fraction of a share of Common Stock, the Company shall round such fraction
of a share of Common Stock up or down to the nearest whole share. The Company shall pay any and all transfer, stamp, issuance and similar
taxes, costs and expenses (including, without limitation, fees and expenses of the Transfer Agent (as defined below)) that may be payable
with respect to the issuance and delivery of Common Stock upon conversion of any Conversion Amount.

(b) Conversion
Rate. The number of Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of any Conversion Amount pursuant to Section 3(a) shall be determined
by dividing (x) such Conversion Amount by (y) the Conversion Price (the Conversion Rate).

(i) Conversion
Amount means the sum of (x) portion of the Principal to be converted, prepaid or otherwise with respect to which this determination
is being made and (y) all accrued and unpaid Interest with respect to such portion of the Principal amount.

(ii) Conversion
Price means, as of any Conversion Date or other date of determination, the greater of (i) $0.40 per share (the Floor
Price), which Floor Price shall not be adjusted for stock dividends, stock splits, reverse stock splits, stock combinations
and other similar transactions and (ii) 80% of the lowest closing price of the Common Stock during the five (5) Trading Days immediately
prior to the date of conversion into shares of Common Stock.

(c) Mechanics
of Conversion.

(i) Optional
Conversion. To convert any Conversion Amount into Conversion Shares on any date (a Conversion Date), the Holder
shall deliver to the Company (whether via facsimile, electronic mail or otherwise), for receipt on or prior to 11:59 p.m., New York time,
on such date, a copy of an executed notice of conversion in the form attached hereto as Exhibit I (the Conversion Notice).
If required pursuant to Section 3(c)(iii) hereof, within two Trading Days following a conversion of this Note as aforesaid, the Holder
shall surrender this Note to a nationally recognized overnight delivery service for delivery to the Company (or an indemnification undertaking
with respect to this Note in the case of its loss, theft or destruction as contemplated by Section 10(b)). On or before the first Trading
Day following the date on which the Company has received a Conversion Notice (or such earlier date as required pursuant to the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) or other applicable law, rule or regulation for the settlement
of a trade initiated on the applicable Conversion Date of such shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to such Conversion Notice), the
Company shall (1) provided that its transfer agent is participating in the DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program, credit such
aggregate number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder shall be entitled pursuant to such conversion to the Holders or
its designees balance account with DTC through its Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian system or (2) if its transfer agent is not participating
in the DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program, upon the request of the Holder, issue and deliver (via reputable overnight courier)
to the address as specified in the Conversion Notice, a certificate, registered in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number
of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder shall be entitled pursuant to such conversion. If this Note is physically surrendered for
conversion pursuant to Section 3(c)(iii) and the outstanding Principal of this Note is greater than the Principal portion of the Conversion
Amount being converted, then the Company shall as soon as practicable and in no event later than two Trading Days after receipt of this
Note and at its own expense, issue and deliver to the Holder (or its designee) a new Note (in accordance with Section 10(d)) representing
the outstanding Principal not converted. The Person or Persons entitled to receive the Conversion Shares shall be treated for all purposes
as the record holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock on the Conversion Date.

(ii) Reserved.

(iii) Registration;
Book-Entry. The Company shall maintain a register (the Register) for the recordation of the names and addresses
of the Holder of the Note and the principal amount of the Note (the Registered Note). The entries in the Register
shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes absent manifest error. The Company and the holder or holders of the Note shall treat
each Person whose name is recorded in the Register as the owner of a Note for all purposes (including, without limitation, the right to
receive payments of Principal and Interest hereunder) notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Registered Note may, subject to Section
18 hereof, be assigned, transferred or sold in whole or in part only by registration of such assignment or sale on the Register. Upon
its receipt of a written request to assign, transfer or sell all or part of the Registered Note by the holder thereof, the Company shall
record the information contained therein in the Register and issue one or more new Registered Notes in the same aggregate principal amount
as the principal amount of the surrendered Registered Note to the designated assignee or transferee pursuant to Section 10, provided
that if the Company does not so record an assignment, transfer or sale (as the case may be) of all or part of any Registered Note within
two Trading Days of such a request, then the Register shall be automatically deemed updated to reflect such assignment, transfer or sale
(as the case may be). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Section 3, following conversion of any portion of
this Note in accordance with the terms hereof, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to the Company unless
(A) the full Conversion Amount represented by this Note is being converted (in which event this Note shall be delivered to the Company
following conversion thereof) or (B) the Holder has provided the Company with prior written notice (which notice may be included in a
Conversion Notice) requesting reissuance of this Note upon physical surrender of this Note. The Holder and the Company shall maintain
records showing the Principal and Interest converted and/or paid (as the case may be) and the dates of such conversions, and/or payments
(as the case may be) or shall use such other method, reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and the Company, so as not to require physical
surrender of this Note upon conversion. If the Company does not update the Register to record such Principal and Interest converted and/or
paid (as the case may be) and the dates of such conversions, and/or payments (as the case may be) within two Trading Days of such occurrence,
then the Register shall be automatically deemed updated to reflect such occurrence.

2 

(d) Limitations
on Conversions.

(i) Beneficial
Ownership. The Company shall not effect the conversion of any portion of this Note, and the Holder shall not have the right to convert
any portion of this Note pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Note and any such conversion shall be null and void and treated
as if never made, to the extent that after giving effect to such conversion, the Holder together with the other Attribution Parties collectively
would beneficially own in excess of 4.99% (the Maximum Percentage) of the shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately
after giving effect to such conversion. For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock beneficially
owned by the Holder and the other Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock held by the Holder and all other
Attribution Parties plus the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note with respect to which the determination
of such sentence is being made, but shall exclude shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (A) conversion of the remaining,
nonconverted portion of this Note beneficially owned by the Holder or any of the other Attribution Parties and (B) exercise or conversion
of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any convertible notes
or convertible preferred stock or warrants) beneficially owned by the Holder or any other Attribution Party subject to a limitation on
conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained in this Section 3(d)(i). For purposes of this Section 3(d)(i), beneficial
ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act. For purposes of determining the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock the Holder may acquire upon the conversion of this Note without exceeding the Maximum Percentage, the Holder may
rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (x) the Companys most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K,
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, Current Report on Form 8-K or other public filing with the SEC, as the case may be, (y) a more recent public
announcement by the Company or (z) any other written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent, if any, setting forth the number of
shares of Common Stock outstanding (the Reported Outstanding Share Number). If the Company receives a Conversion
Notice from the Holder at a time when the actual number of outstanding shares of Common Stock is less than the Reported Outstanding Share
Number, the Company shall notify the Holder in writing of the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding and, to the extent that
such Conversion Notice would otherwise cause the Holders beneficial ownership, as determined pursuant to this Section 3(d)(i),
to exceed the Maximum Percentage, the Holder must notify the Company of a reduced number of shares of Common Stock to be purchased pursuant
to such Conversion Notice. For any reason at any time, upon the written or oral request of the Holder, the Company shall within one (1)
Trading Day confirm orally and in writing or by electronic mail to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In
any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities
of the Company, including this Note, by the Holder and any other Attribution Party since the date as of which the Reported Outstanding
Share Number was reported. In the event that the issuance of shares of Common Stock to the Holder upon conversion of this Note results
in the Holder and the other Attribution Parties being deemed to beneficially own, in the aggregate, more than the Maximum Percentage of
the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock (as determined under Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act), the number of shares so issued by
which the Holders and the other Attribution Parties aggregate beneficial ownership exceeds the Maximum Percentage (the Excess
Shares) shall be deemed null and void and shall be cancelled ab initio, and the Holder shall not have the power to vote or
to transfer the Excess Shares. For purposes of clarity, the Excess Shares shall not be deemed to be beneficially owned by the Holder for
any purpose including for purposes of Section 13(d) or Rule 16a-1(a)(1) of the 1934 Act. No prior inability to convert this Note pursuant
to this paragraph shall have any effect on the applicability of the provisions of this paragraph with respect to any subsequent determination
of convertibility. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity
with the terms of this Section 3(d)(i) to the extent necessary to correct this paragraph (or any portion of this paragraph) which may
be defective or inconsistent with the intended beneficial ownership limitation contained in this Section 3(d)(i) or to make changes or
supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitation contained in this paragraph may not be waived
and shall apply to a successor holder of this Note.

(ii) Principal
Market Regulation. The Company shall not issue any shares of Common Stock upon conversion of this Note or otherwise pursuant
to the terms of this Note if the issuance of such shares of Common Stock would exceed the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock which
the Company may issue upon conversion of the Note or otherwise pursuant to the terms of this Note without breaching the Companys
obligations under the rules or regulations of the Principal Market, except that such limitation, if applicable, shall not apply in the
event that the Company obtains the approval of its stockholders as required by the applicable rules of the Principal Market for issuances
of shares of Common Stock in excess of such amount.

3 

4. RIGHTS
UPON EVENT OF DEFAULT.

(a) Event
of Default. Each of the following events shall constitute an Event of Default:

(i) the
Companys default under this Note or the other Transaction Documents, including a failure to pay to the Holder any amount of Principal,
Interest or other amounts when and as due under this Note, subject to a cure period of ten (10) Trading Days;

(ii) the
Company fails to issue Common Stock without any restrictive legend or to remove any restrictive legend on any certificate (including by
book entry) for any shares of Common Stock issued to the Holder pursuant to this Note within two (2) Trading Days after (A) receipt by
the Company of an executed Conversion Notice or (B) if the Holder has shares with a restrictive legend upon written notice to remove such
legend, in either case together with an opinion of counsel to the Holder that no restrictive legend is required; provided, that
the Company shall have two (2) Trading Days to cure any such failure, unless otherwise then prohibited by applicable federal securities
laws;

(iii) bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings for the relief of debtors shall be instituted by or against
the Company and, if instituted against the Company by a third party, shall not be dismissed within 30 days of their initiation;

(iv) the
commencement by the Company of a voluntary case or proceeding under any applicable federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization
or other similar law or of any other case or proceeding to be adjudicated a bankrupt or insolvent, or the consent by it to the entry of
a decree, order, judgment or other similar document in respect of the Company in an involuntary case or proceeding under any applicable
federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar law or to the commencement of any bankruptcy or insolvency
case or proceeding against it, or the filing by it of a petition or answer or consent seeking reorganization or relief under any applicable
federal, state or foreign law, or the consent by it to the filing of such petition or to the appointment of or taking possession by a
custodian, receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or other similar official of the Company of any substantial part of its
property, or the making by it of an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the execution of a composition of debts, or the occurrence
of any other similar federal, state or foreign proceeding, or the admission by it in writing of its inability to pay its debts generally
as they become due, the taking of corporate action by the Company in furtherance of any such action or the taking of any action by any
Person to commence a Uniform Commercial Code foreclosure sale or any other similar action under federal, state or foreign law;

(v) the
entry by a court of (i) a decree, order, judgment or other similar document in respect of the Company of a voluntary or involuntary case
or proceeding under any applicable federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar law or (ii) a decree,
order, judgment or other similar document adjudging the Company as bankrupt or insolvent, or approving as properly filed a petition seeking
liquidation, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition of or in respect of the Company under any applicable federal, state
or foreign law or (iii) a decree, order, judgment or other similar document appointing a custodian, receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee,
sequestrator or other similar official of the Company of any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding up or liquidation
of its affairs, and the continuance of any such decree, order, judgment or other similar document or any such other decree, order, judgment
or other similar document unstayed and in effect for a period of 30 consecutive days;

(vi) other
than as specifically set forth in another clause of this Section 4(a), the Company breaches any representation or warranty in any material
respect (other than representations or warranties subject to materiality limitations, which may not be breached in any respect) or any
covenant or other term or condition of this Note or any other Transaction Document, except, in the case of a breach of a covenant or other
term or condition that is curable, only if such breach remains uncured for a period of ten (10) consecutive Trading Days;

(vii) any
provision of any Transaction Document shall at any time for any reason (other than pursuant to the express terms thereof) cease to be
valid and binding on or enforceable against the parties thereto, or the validity or enforceability thereof shall be contested by any party
thereto, or a proceeding shall be commenced by the Company or any governmental authority having jurisdiction over it, seeking to establish
the invalidity or unenforceability thereof, or the Company shall deny in writing that it has any liability or obligation purported to
be created under any Transaction Document, subject to a cure period of ten (10) Trading Days;

4 

(viii) failure
to maintain listing of the Common Stock on the Principal Market, the New York Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global
Market or the Nasdaq Global Select Market;

(ix) failure
to file all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by the Company under the Exchange Act, including
pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference
therein, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports) on a timely basis or, after having received a valid extension
of such time of filing, failure to file any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension; or

(x) failure
to file the PRE 14A (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) as required by the Purchase Agreement.

(b) Notice
of an Event of Default. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default with respect to this Note, the Company shall within one (1) Trading
Day of its discovery of such Event of Default deliver written notice thereof via electronic mail and overnight courier (with next day
delivery specified) to the Holder.

(c) Default
Increase in Principal Amount. Upon the first occurrence of an Event of Default with respect to this Note (the Event of Default
Date), (i) the Principal amount outstanding as of the Event of Default Date shall be automatically increased by ten percent
(10%) and (ii) the Company shall be obligated to pay the Investor an amount, in cash (which cannot be converted into Conversion Shares)
equal to ten percent (10%) of the Principal amount outstanding as of the Event of Default Date. After the Event of Default Date, no further
Events of Default shall cause a further increase in the Principal amount of this Note or trigger any other payments under this Section
4(c).

(d) Remedies.
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default and at any time thereafter, Holder may at its option: (a) declare the entire Principal Amount,
together with all accrued Interest thereon, immediately due and payable; and (b) exercise any or all of its rights, powers, or remedies
under the Transaction Documents or applicable law or available in equity.

5. ADJUSTMENTS
OF THE CONVERSION PRICE.

(a) Adjustments
for Recapitalization. If at any time or from time to time there shall be a recapitalization of the Common Stock, provision shall be
made so that the Holder shall thereafter be entitled to receive upon conversion of the Note the number of shares of stock or other securities
or property of the Company or otherwise, to which a holder of Common Stock deliverable upon conversion would have been entitled on such
recapitalization. In any such case, appropriate adjustment shall be made in the application of the provisions of this Section
5(a) with respect to the rights of the Holder after the recapitalization to the end that the provisions of this Section
5(a) (including, without limitation, provisions for adjustments of the Conversion Price and the number of shares of Common Stock
issuable upon conversion of the Note) shall be applicable after that event as nearly equivalent as may be practicable.

(b) Adjustment
for Stock Splits and Combinations. If the Company shall at any time or from time to time after the Issuance Date effect a subdivision
of the outstanding Common Stock, the Conversion Price in effect immediately before that subdivision shall be proportionately decreased
so that the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of this Note shall be increased in proportion to such increase in
the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. If the Company shall at any time or from time to time after the Issuance Date
combine the outstanding shares of Common Stock, the Conversion Price in effect immediately before the combination shall be proportionately
increased so that the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of the Note shall be decreased in proportion to such decrease
in the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Any adjustment under this subsection shall become effective at the close
of business on the date the subdivision or combination becomes effective.

(c) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 5 shall be made by rounding to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share,
as applicable. The number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at any given time shall not include shares owned or held by or for the
account of the Company, and the disposition of any such shares shall be considered an issue or sale of Common Stock.

(d) Voluntary
Adjustment by Company. Subject to the Principal Market Rules (as defined in the Purchase Agreement), the Company may at any time during
the term of this Note, with the prior written consent of the Holder, reduce the then current Conversion Price of the Note to any amount
and for any period of time deemed appropriate by the board of directors of the Company.

5 

6. NONCIRCUMVENTION.
The Company hereby covenants and agrees that the Company will not, by amendment of the Companys Certificate of Incorporation or
other charter documents, bylaws or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution,
issue or sale of securities, or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of
this Note, and will at all times in good faith carry out all of the provisions of this Note and take all action as may be required to
protect the rights of the Holder of this Note. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing or any other provision of this Note or
the other Transaction Documents, the Company (a) shall not increase the par value of any shares of Common Stock receivable upon conversion
of this Note above the Conversion Price then in effect, and (b) shall take all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate in
order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock upon the conversion of this
Note.

7. RESERVATION
OF AUTHORIZED SHARES. So long as the Note remains outstanding, the Company shall at all times reserve at least 150% of the number
of shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be necessary to effect the conversion of the Note then outstanding (without regard
to any limitations on conversions and assuming such Note remains outstanding until the Maturity Date) at the Floor Price then in effect.

8. PREPAYMENT;
MANDATORY REDEMPTION.

(a) Amounts
due under this Note may be prepaid at any time without penalty.

(b) If,
while this Note is outstanding, the Company closes upon an offering of its securities, including any underwritten or other public offering
of securities, but excluding any proceeds from the Companys issuance of Series B convertible preferred stock (any such offering,
a Subsequent Offering), and either (x) the closing stock price of the Common Stock is below the Floor Price or (y)
at any time after 90 days from the Issuance Date, the Registration Statement (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) is not effective,
then the Company shall use 50% of the net proceeds of such Subsequent Offering (the Net Proceeds) to redeem the Notes
in full, including the Principal, any accrued but unpaid Interest and all other amounts due and payable pursuant to this Note, and all
other then outstanding Notes (a Mandatory Redemption); provided, however, that if the Net Proceeds of the Subsequent
Offering are less than the amount required to repay all of the Notes in full, (i) the Companys repayment obligation under this
Section 8(b) shall be limited to the amount of such Net Proceeds, (ii) the Net Proceeds shall be applied to all of the Notes then outstanding
pro rata based on the Principal amount of such Notes then outstanding, (iii) the Net Proceeds shall be first applied towards any accrued
but unpaid Interest, then Principal and finally towards any other amounts due pursuant this Note, and (iv) the Company shall effect successive
Mandatory Redemptions upon each Subsequent Offering until the Notes are repaid in full or otherwise no longer outstanding. For purposes
of this Section 8(b), Notes" shall mean this Note and any other convertible promissory notes issued on the Issuance
Date.

9. AMENDING
THE TERMS OF THIS NOTE. The prior written consent of the Holder shall be required for any change, waiver or amendment to this Note.
Any change, waiver or amendment so approved shall be binding upon all existing and future holders of this Note; provided, however, that
no such change, waiver or, as applied to the Note held by any particular holder of the Note, shall, without the written consent of that
particular holder, (i) reduce the amount of Principal, reduce the amount of accrued and unpaid Interest, or extend the Maturity Date,
of the Note, (ii) disproportionally and adversely affect any rights under the Note of any holder of any other portion of the Note; or
(iii) modify any of the provisions of, or impair the right of any holder of the Note under this Section 9.

10. REISSUANCE
OF THIS NOTE.

(a) Transfer.
If this Note is to be transferred, the Holder shall surrender this Note to the Company, whereupon the Company will forthwith issue and
deliver upon the order of the Holder a new Note (in accordance with Section 10(d)), registered as the Holder may request, representing
the outstanding Principal being transferred by the Holder and, if less than the entire outstanding Principal is being transferred, a new
Note (in accordance with Section 10(d)) to the Holder representing the outstanding Principal not being transferred. The Holder and any
assignee, by acceptance of this Note, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of Section 3(c)(iii) following conversion
or prepayment of any portion of this Note, the outstanding Principal represented by this Note may be less than the Principal stated on
the face of this Note.

(b) Lost,
Stolen or Mutilated Note. Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction
or mutilation of this Note (as to which a written certification and the indemnification contemplated below shall suffice as such evidence),
and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of any indemnification undertaking by the Holder to the Company in customary and reasonable
form and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of this Note, the Company shall execute and deliver to the Holder
a new Note (in accordance with Section 10(d)) representing the outstanding Principal. The Holder shall not be required to deliver a bond
or other security.

(c) Note
Exchangeable for Different Denominations. This Note is exchangeable, upon the surrender hereof by the Holder at the principal office
of the Company, for a new Note or Notes (in accordance with Section 10(d) and in principal amounts of at least $1,000) representing in
the aggregate the outstanding Principal of this Note, and each such new Note will represent such portion of such outstanding Principal
as is designated by the Holder at the time of such surrender.

6 

(d) Issuance
of New Notes. Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Note pursuant to the terms of this Note, such new Note (i) shall be
of like tenor with this Note, (ii) shall represent, as indicated on the face of such new Note, the Principal remaining outstanding (or
in the case of a new Note being issued pursuant to Section 10(a) or Section 10(c), the Principal designated by the Holder which does not
exceed the Principal remaining outstanding under this Note immediately prior to such issuance of a new Note), (iii) shall have an issuance
date, as indicated on the face of such new Note, which is the same as the Issuance Date of this Note, (iv) shall have the same rights
and conditions as this Note, and (v) shall represent accrued and unpaid Interest.

11. CONSTRUCTION;
HEADINGS. This Note shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and the initial Holder and shall not be construed against
any such Person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Note are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect
the interpretation of, this Note. Unless the context clearly indicates otherwise, each pronoun herein shall be deemed to include the masculine,
feminine, neuter, singular and plural forms thereof. The terms including, includes, include
and words of like import shall be construed broadly as if followed by the words without limitation. The terms herein,
hereunder, hereof and words of like import refer to this entire Note instead of just the provision in which
they are found. Unless expressly indicated otherwise, all section references are to sections of this Note. Terms used in this Note and
not otherwise defined herein, but defined in the other Transaction Documents, shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms on the Closing
Date in such other Transaction Documents unless otherwise consented to in writing by the Holder.

12. FAILURE
OR INDULGENCE NOT WAIVER. No failure or delay on the part of the Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder
shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further
exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privilege. No waiver shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by an authorized
representative of the waiving party.

13. NOTICES.
Whenever notice is required to be given under this Note, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be given in writing with
an e-mail copy to the last address provided by the Holder or its agents in writing to the Company. The Company shall provide the Holder
with prompt written notice of all actions taken pursuant to this Note, including in reasonable detail a description of such action and
the reason therefor. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will give written notice to the Holder (i) immediately
upon any adjustment of the Conversion Price, setting forth in reasonable detail, and certifying, the calculation of such adjustment and
(ii) at least 15 days prior to the date on which the Company closes its books or takes a record (A) with respect to any dividend or distribution
upon the Common Stock, or (B) for determining rights to vote with respect to any transaction, dissolution or liquidation, provided in
each case that such information shall be made known to the public prior to or in conjunction with such notice being provided to the Holder.

14. WAIVER
OF NOTICE. To the extent permitted by law, the Company hereby irrevocably waives demand, notice, presentment, protest and all other
demands and notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default or enforcement of this Note.

15. GOVERNING
LAW. This Note shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation
and performance of this Note shall be governed by, the internal laws of the State of Arizona, without giving effect to any choice of law
or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Arizona or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application of
the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of Arizona. The Company hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of
the state and federal courts sitting in The City of New York, Borough of Manhattan, New York, for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder
or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not
to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such
suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Nothing
contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. Nothing contained herein
shall be deemed or operate to preclude the Holder from bringing suit or taking other legal action against the Company in any other jurisdiction
to collect on the Companys obligations to the Holder, to realize on any collateral or any other security for such obligations,
or to enforce a judgment or other court ruling in favor of the Holder. THE HOLDER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO,
AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS NOTE
OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

16. SEVERABILITY.
If any provision of this Note is prohibited by law or otherwise determined to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction,
the provision that would otherwise be prohibited, invalid or unenforceable shall be deemed amended to apply to the broadest extent that
it would be valid and enforceable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining
provisions of this Note so long as this Note as so modified continues to express, without material change, the original intentions of
the parties as to the subject matter hereof and the prohibited nature, invalidity or unenforceability of the provision(s) in question
does not substantially impair the respective expectations or reciprocal obligations of the parties or the practical realization of the
benefits that would otherwise be conferred upon the parties. The parties will endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the prohibited,
invalid or unenforceable provision(s) with a valid provision(s), the effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the prohibited,
invalid or unenforceable provision(s).

7 

17. MAXIMUM
PAYMENTS. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to establish or require the payment of a rate of interest or other charges in excess
of the maximum permitted by applicable law. In the event that the rate of interest required to be paid or other charges hereunder exceed
the maximum permitted by such law, any payments in excess of such maximum shall be credited against amounts owed by the Company to the
Holder and thus refunded to the Company.

18. ASSIGNMENT.
Neither this Note nor the rights contained herein may be assigned, by operation of law or otherwise, by either party without the prior
written consent of the other; provided, however, that this Note and/or the rights contained herein may be assigned without the Companys
consent by the Holder to any other entity who controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the Holder.

19. GUARANTY.
Repayment of this Note has been guaranteed by Milton C. Ault, III, pursuant to that certain Guaranty entered into by and between Mr. Ault
and the Holder on the date hereof (the Guaranty).

20. SUBORDINATION.
Notwithstanding anything to the foregoing, any and all obligations due hereunder shall remain subordinate, in all respects, to the security
interests granted by the Company to JGB Collateral, as administrative agent and collateral for the lenders pursuant to the loan and guaranty
agreement, dated as of December 15, 2023, as amended.

21. CERTAIN
DEFINITIONS. For purposes of this Note, the following words and terms shall have the following meanings:

(a) Attribution
Parties means, collectively, the following Persons and entities: (i) any investment vehicle, including, any funds, feeder funds
or managed accounts, currently, or from time to time after the Issuance Date, directly or indirectly managed or advised by the Holders
investment manager or any of its Affiliates or principals, (ii) any direct or indirect Affiliates of the Holder or any of the foregoing,
(iii) any Person acting or who could be deemed to be acting as a Group together with the Holder or any of the foregoing and (iv) any other
Persons whose beneficial ownership of the Companys Common Stock would or could be aggregated with the Holders and the other
Attribution Parties for purposes of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act. For clarity, the purpose of the foregoing is to subject collectively
the Holder and all other Attribution Parties to the Maximum Percentage, for each Conversion Notice tendered to the Company.

(b) Closing
Date shall mean the date the Company initially issued the Note.

(c) Common
Stock means (i) the Companys class A shares of common stock, $0.001 par value per share, and (ii) any capital stock
into which such Common Stock shall have been changed or any share capital resulting from a reclassification of such Common Stock.

(d) Group
means a group as that term is used in Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and as defined in Rule 13d-5 thereunder.

(e) Person
means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization,
any other entity or a government or any department or agency thereof.

(f) Principal
Market means the NYSE American, LLC.

(g) Purchase
Agreement means that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 15, 2025, by and between the Company and the
Holder.

(h) Trading
Day means, as applicable, (x) with respect to all price or trading volume determinations relating to the Common Stock, any
day on which the Common Stock is traded on the Principal Market, or, if the Principal Market is not the principal trading market for the
Common Stock, then the principal securities exchange or securities market on which the Common Stock is then traded, provided that Trading
Day shall not include any day on which the Common Stock is scheduled to trade on such exchange or market for less than 4.5 hours
or any day that the Common Stock is suspended from trading during the final hour of trading on such exchange or market (or if such exchange
or market does not designate in advance the closing time of trading on such exchange or market, then during the hour ending at 4:00 p.m.,
New York time) unless such day is otherwise designated as a Trading Day in writing by the Holder or (y) with respect to all determinations
other than price determinations relating to the Common Stock, any day on which The New York Stock Exchange (or any successor thereto)
is open for trading of securities.

8 

(i) Transaction
Documents means this Note, the Purchase Agreement, the Guaranty and any other documents relating to the issuance of this Note
by the Company to the Holder.

[signature page follows]

9 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Note to be duly executed as of the Issuance Date set out above.

HYPERSCALE DATA, INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

10 

EXHIBIT
I

HYPERSCALE DATA, INC.

CONVERSION NOTICE

Reference is made to the Convertible
Promissory Note (the Note) issued to the undersigned by Hyperscale Data, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company).
In accordance with and pursuant to the Note, the undersigned hereby elects to convert the Conversion Amount (as defined in the Note) of
the Note indicated below into shares of class A common stock, $0.001 par value per share (the Common Stock), of the
Company, as of the date specified below. Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning as set forth in the Note.

Date of Conversion: 

Aggregate Principal to be converted: 

Aggregate accrued and unpaid Interest to be converted: 

AGGREGATE CONVERSION AMOUNT

TO BE CONVERTED: 

Please confirm the following information:

Conversion Price: 

Number of shares of Common Stock to be issued: 

Please issue the Common Stock into which the Note
is being converted to Holder, or for its benefit, as follows:

Check
here if requesting delivery as a certificate to the following name and to the following address:

Issue to: 

Check here if requesting delivery by Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian as follows: 

DTC Participant: 

DTC Number: 

Account Number: 

1 

Date: , 

Name of Registered Holder

By: 

Name:

Title: 

Tax ID: 

Facsimile: 

E-mail Address: 

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10_1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

THIS SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT
(the Agreement) is made as of April 15, 2025 (the Effective Date), by and between Hyperscale
Data, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company) and ______________, a __________ limited liability company (the
Investor).

WHEREAS, subject to
the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act), the Company desires to issue and sell to the Investor, and the Investor desires to purchase from the Company, a convertible
promissory note in the principal amount equal to $___________, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Note)
as more fully described in this Agreement (the Transaction); and

WHEREAS, the Note will
be sold for a purchase price of $___________ (the Purchase Price), which Purchase Price reflects an original issue
discount of twenty percent (20%), or $___________.

NOW, THEREFORE, for
good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

1.Purchase and Sale. 

1.1.Closing. On April 15, 2025 (or such later date as the parties hereto may agree in writing)
following the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth herein (such date, the Closing Date), upon the terms
and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees to sell, and the Investor agrees to purchase, the Note for the Purchase
Price (such purchase and sale being the Closing). At the Closing, the Purchase Price shall be paid in cash or immediately
available funds pursuant to wire instructions delivered to the Investor by the Company and the Company shall deliver the Note to the Investor.
The Company and the Investor shall also deliver the other items set forth in Section 1.2 deliverable at the Closing. Upon satisfaction
of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 1.2 and 1.3, the Closing shall occur at the principal offices of the Company or
such other location as the parties shall mutually agree. 

1.2.Deliveries.

1.2.1.Company Deliverables. On or prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall deliver or cause
to be delivered to the Investor the following:

(i) this
Agreement duly executed by the Company;

(ii) the
Note duly executed by the Company;

(iii) a
guaranty (the Guaranty) executed by Milton C. Ault, in favor of the Investor, guaranteeing the repayment of the Note;
and

(iv) all
documents, instruments and other writings required to be delivered by the Company to the Investor on or before the Closing Date pursuant
to any provision of this Agreement or in order to implement and effect the transactions contemplated hereby.

1.2.2.Investor Deliverables. On or prior to the Closing Date, the Investor shall deliver or cause
to be delivered to the Company the following:

(i) this
Agreement duly executed by the Investor;

(ii) the
Purchase Price;

(iii) the
Guaranty executed by the Investor; and

(iv) all
documents, instruments and other writings required to be delivered by the Investor to the Company on or before the Closing Date pursuant
to any provision of this Agreement or in order to implement and effect the transactions contemplated hereby.

1.3.Closing Conditions.

1.3.1.Companys Conditions to Closing. The obligations of the Company hereunder in connection
with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met or waived in writing by the Company:

(i) the
accuracy in all material respects on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Investor contained herein (unless as
of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date);

(ii) all
obligations, covenants and agreements of the Investor under this Agreement required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall
have been performed in all material respects;

(iii) the
delivery by the Investor of the items set forth in Section 1.2.2 of this Agreement; and

(iv) the
Company shall have received the executed signature page to this Agreement from the Investor and the Company shall have received the Purchase
Price.

1.3.2.Investors Conditions to Closing. The obligations of the Investor hereunder in connection
with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met or waived in writing by the Investor:

(i) the
accuracy in all material respects on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless as
of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date);

(ii) all
obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company under this Agreement required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall
have been performed in all material respects;

(iii) the
delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 1.2.1 of this Agreement; and

(iv) the
Investor shall have received the executed signature page to this Agreement, the executed Note and the executed Guaranty from the Company.

2.Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company hereby represents and warrants
to the Investor that:

2.1Organization. The Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, with the requisite power and authority to own and use its properties and
assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. The Company is not in violation nor default of any of the provisions of its
certificate of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents. The Company is duly qualified to conduct business and
is in good standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property
owned by it makes such qualification necessary, and no claim, action or proceeding of any kind has been instituted in any such jurisdiction
revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.

2.2Authorization. This Agreement has been duly and validly authorized, executed
and delivered on behalf of the Company and shall constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Company enforceable against
the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by general principles of equity or
to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation and other similar laws relating to, or affecting generally,
the enforcement of applicable creditors rights and remedies. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement
and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby will not: (i) conflict with, or constitute a default
(or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment,
acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound; or (ii)
result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and state securities or blue sky
laws) applicable to the Company.

2.3Valid Issuance of the Note. The Note when issued and delivered in accordance
with the terms of this Agreement, for the consideration expressed herein, and the Common Stock when issued in accordance with the terms
of Note, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company other than
restrictions on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents, as applicable, subject to the Required Approvals (as hereinafter defined).

2 

2.4Reservation of Common Stock. So long as the Note remains outstanding, the Company shall take
all action necessary to at all times have authorized, and reserved for the purpose of issuance, no less than 150% of the maximum number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Note then outstanding assuming that the number of shares is being determined
based on Conversion Price equal to the Floor Price, as such terms are defined in the Note (the Required Reserve Amount).
If at any time the number of shares of Common Stock authorized and reserved for issuance is not sufficient to meet the Required Reserve
Amount, the Company will promptly take all corporate action necessary to authorize and reserve a sufficient number of shares, including,
without limitation, calling a special meeting of stockholders to authorize additional shares to meet the Companys obligations pursuant
to the Transaction Documents, in the case of an insufficient number of authorized shares, obtain stockholder approval of an increase in
such authorized number of shares, and voting the management shares of the Company in favor of an increase in the authorized shares of
the Company to ensure that the number of authorized shares is sufficient to meet the Required Reserve Amount.

2.5Compliance With Laws. The Company has complied in all material respects
with all laws, rules, and regulations applicable to it and its business, and the Company has not received notice of any such violation.

2.6Consents; Waivers. No consent, waiver, approval or authority of any nature,
or other formal action, by any person or entity, not already obtained is required in connection with the execution and delivery of this
Agreement by the Company or the consummation by the Company of the transactions provided for herein and therein, other than: (i) the filings
required pursuant to this Agreement; and (ii) the notice and/or application(s) to the Principal Market, and the receipt of Stockholder
Approval required for the issuance and sale of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Note and the listing of such
shares of Common Stock for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby bny the Principal Market (collectively, the Required
Approvals).

3.Representations and Warranties of the Investor. The Investor hereby represents, warrants and
covenants that:

3.1.Organization. The Investor is either an individual or
an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or
formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited liability company or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate
the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder.
The Investor is not in violation nor default of any of the provisions of its articles of organization, operating agreement or other organizational
or charter documents. The Investor is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation or other entity
in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary, and no
claim, action or proceeding of any kind has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke,
limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.

3.2.Authorization. This Agreement has been duly and validly authorized, executed and delivered
on behalf of the Investor and shall constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Investor enforceable against the Investor
in accordance with their respective terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by general principles of equity or to applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation and other similar laws relating to, or affecting generally, the enforcement
of applicable creditors rights and remedies. The execution, delivery and performance by the Investor of this Agreement and the
consummation by the Investor of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby will not: (i) conflict with, or constitute a default
(or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment,
acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which the Investor is a party or by which it is bound; or (ii)
result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and state securities or blue sky
laws) applicable to the Investor.

3.3.Accredited Investor Status; Investment Experience; Investment Purpose. The Investor is an
accredited investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D. The Investor can bear the economic risk of its
investment in the Note, and has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits
and risks of an investment in the Note. The Investor is acquiring the Note and the Conversion Shares for its own account, for investment
purposes only. The Investor is not relying on the Company or any of its employees, agents, or advisors with respect to the legal, tax,
economic and related considerations of an investment in the Note or the Conversion Shares, and the Investor has relied on the advice of,
or has consulted with, only its own advisors. No oral or written representations have been made, or oral or written information furnished,
to the Investor or its advisors, if any, in connection with the Transaction that are in any way inconsistent with the information contained
herein.

3.4.No Governmental Review. The Investor understands that no United States federal or state agency
or any other government or governmental agency has passed on or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Note or the fairness or
suitability of the investment in the Note nor have such authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Note. 

3 

3.5.Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating
the transactions contemplated hereunder, theInvestor has not
directly or indirectly, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with the Investor, executed any purchases
or sales of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that the Investor first received a term sheet (written
or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material terms of the transactions contemplated
hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Investor that is a multi-managed
investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of the Investors assets and the portfolio managers
have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of the Investors assets,
the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the
investment decision to purchase the Note covered by this Agreement. Other than to other Persons party to this Agreement, the Investor
has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms
of this transaction).

3.6.Own Account. The Investor understands that the Note and the shares
issuable upon conversion thereof are restricted securities and has not been registered under the Securities Act or any applicable
state securities law and is acquiring the Note as principal
for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or reselling such Note or
any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, has no present intention of distributing the
Note in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and has no
direct or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Note
in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law. The Investor is acquiring
the Note hereunder in the ordinary course of its business.

3.7.Legend. The Investor understands and agrees that the the Note and Conversion Shares shall
bear substantially the following legend:

NEITHER
THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE CONVERTIBLE
OR EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES
MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE HOLDER (IF REQUESTED BY THE COMPANY), IN A FORM REASONABLY
ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD OR ELIGIBLE TO BE SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE
144 OR RULE 144A UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT
OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES.

3.8.Subordination. The Investor acknowledges and agrees that notwithstanding anything to the foregoing
in any Transaction Document, any and all obligations due under the Note shall remain subordinate, in all respects, to the security interests
granted by the Company to JGB Collateral, as administrative agent and collateral for the lenders pursuant to the loan and guaranty agreement,
dated as of December 15, 2023, as amended.

4.Additional Covenants

4.1.Fees and Expenses. Each party to this Agreement shall pay the fees and expenses of its advisers,
counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation, preparation,
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. 

4.2.Noncircumvention. The Company hereby covenants and agrees that the Company will not, by amendment
of the Companys certificate of incorporation or other charter documents, bylaws or through any reorganization, transfer of assets,
consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities, or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to
avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Agreement, and will at all times in good faith carry out all of the provisions
of this Agreement take all action as may be required to protect the rights of the Investor under this Agreement. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing or any other provision of this Agreement, the Company (a) shall not increase the par value of any shares
of Common Stock issuable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement above the Conversion Price (as defined in the Note) then in effect, and
(b) shall take all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully
paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock upon issuance of such Common Stock to the Investor pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the Investor is not permitted receive all the shares of Common Stock the
Investor is entitled to receive pursuant to the terms of this Agreement for any reason, the Company shall use its best efforts to promptly
remedy such failure, including, without limitation, obtaining such consents or approvals as necessary to permit the issuance of such shares
of Common Stock.

4 

4.3.Certain Limitations. Notwithstanding anything contained in any Transaction Document to the
contrary, the parties covenant and agree that the Investor shall not convert the Note into shares of Common Stock, or to sell any Conversion
Shares, unless and until the Company obtains Exchange Approval and thereafter, not in excess of the Exchange Cap, until the Company obtains
Stockholder Approval, each in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Principal Market (the Principal Market Rules).
The Investor further covenants and agrees not to vote any shares of Common Stock at the meeting of the stockholders held for the purpose
of obtaining such Stockholder Approval.

4.4.Primary Market Compliance. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or any other Transaction
Document to the contrary, the parties shall use commercially reasonable efforts to comply with the Principal Market Rules, including the
listing requirements, and as long as the Common Stock remains listed on the Principal Market the parties shall not enforce any provision
of any Transaction Document which does not comply with the Principal Market Rules.

4.5.Proxy Statement. The Company shall not issue or sell any shares of Common Stock pursuant to
this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to the extent that after giving effect thereto, the aggregate number of shares of Common
Stock that would be issued pursuant to this Agreement and such Transaction Documents would exceed the Exchange Cap, unless and until the
Company obtains Stockholder Approval of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and such Transaction Documents and the stockholders
of the Company as well as, subsequently, the Principal Market have in fact approved the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and
such Transaction Documents in accordance with the applicable rules and regulations of the applicable Principal Market, and the Certificate
of Incorporation and bylaws of the Company. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to file a preliminary proxy statement
on Schedule 14A (the PRE 14A) with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) within
fifteen (15) days following the Effective Date for a special meeting of its stockholders (or its annual meeting of its stockholders) in
order to obtain all necessary approvals of the sale and issuance of the remaining Conversion Shares not subject to the Exchange Cap consistent
with the rules and regulations of the Principal Market, including but not limited to Section 713(a) of the NYSE American LLC Company Guide.
In addition, the PRE 14A shall include the unanimous recommendation of the Board of Directors that such proposal be approved, and the
Company shall solicit proxies from its stockholders in connection therewith in the same manner as all other management proposals in such
proxy statement and all management-appointed proxyholders shall vote their proxies in favor of such proposal including, if requested by
the Investor, the retention and utilization of a nationally known proxy solicitation firm. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts
to: (i) promptly clear any comments received by the Commission on the PRE 14A and thereafter file a definitive proxy statement on Schedule
14A related to the meeting of its stockholders, and (ii) obtain such Stockholder Approval. If the Company does not obtain Stockholder
Approval at the first such meeting, and in any event within 90 days of the Effective Date, the Company shall call a meeting every three
(3) months thereafter to seek Stockholder Approval until the earlier of the date on which Stockholder Approval is obtained or the Note
is no longer outstanding. 

4.6.Registration Statement. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to file a resale
registration statement on Form S-3 or Form S-1 (the Registration Statement) with the Commission within fifteen (15)
days following the Effective Date registering for resale the Conversion Shares. The Company agrees, subject to Commission rules and regulations,
to use commercially reasonable efforts to register such number of Conversion Shares equal to 150% of the maximum number of Conversion
Shares issuable based upon the Floor Price (as defined in the Note). The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause
the Registration Statement to be declared effective under the Securities Act as promptly as possible after the filing thereof, but in
any event no later than the applicable Effectiveness Date, and shall use its best efforts to keep such Registration Statement continuously
effective under the Securities Act. For the purposes hereof, Effectiveness Date means, with respect to the
Registration Statement required to be filed hereunder, sixty (60) calendar days following the Effective Date (or, in the event of a full
review by the Commission, seventy-five (75) calendar days following the Effective Date); provided, however, that in the event the Company
is notified by the Commission that the above Registration Statement will not be reviewed or is no longer subject to further review and
comments, the Effectiveness Date as to such Registration Statement shall be the second (2nd) trading day following the date on which the
Company is so notified if such date precedes the dates otherwise required above, provided, further, if such Effectiveness Date falls on
a day that is not a trading day, then the Effectiveness Date shall be the next succeeding trading day.

4.7.Series B Preferred Stock Limitations. The Company shall not allow any conversions of its shares
of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock until the earlier of (i) 60 days after the date that the Registration Statement is declared effective
by the Commission (the Registration Effective Date) or (ii) such date when the Companys Common Stock has traded
in excess of $50 million in the aggregate at a closing sale price above the Floor Price (the Trading Threshold),
starting on the day following the Registration Effective Date. For purposes of this Agreement, the Trading Threshold shall be calculated
on a daily basis, by multiplying the number of shares traded on such day by the closing sale price. 

5 

4.8.Variable Rate Transactions. The Company, at any time while any Note is outstanding, shall
be prohibited from effecting (except pursuant to an agreement in effect as of the date hereof) or entering into an agreement to effect
any issuance by the Company of Common Stock or Common Stock equivalents involving a Variable Rate Transaction. Variable Rate
Transaction means a transaction in which the Company (i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible
into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the right to receive, additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price,
exercise price or exchange rate or other price that is based upon, and/or varies with, the trading prices of or quotations for the shares
of Common Stock at any time after the initial issuance of such debt or equity securities or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange
price that is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence
of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the shares of Common
Stock or (ii) enters into, or effects a transaction under, any agreement, including, but not limited to, an equity line of credit or an
at-the-market agreement, whereby the Company may issue securities at a future determined price. The Investor shall be entitled to obtain
injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance or entry into any such transaction, which remedy shall be in addition
to any right to collect damages and any adjustments herein.

5.Miscellaneous

5.1.Successors and Assigns. Except as otherwise provided herein, the terms and conditions of this
Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and the respective successors and assigns of the parties.
Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer upon any party, other than the parties hereto or their respective
successors and assigns, any rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement, except as expressly provided
in this Agreement.

5.2.Governing Law; Exclusive Jurisdiction. All questions concerning the construction, validity,
enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by the internal laws of the State of Arizona, without giving effect
to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Arizona or any other jurisdictions) that would cause
the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of Arizona. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive
jurisdiction of the state or federal courts sitting in New York County, New York, for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in
connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to
assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such
suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Each
of the parties hereby waives any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum.

5.3.Notices. All notices, offers, acceptance and any other acts under this Agreement (except payment)
shall be in writing, and shall be sufficiently given if delivered to the addressees in person, by FedEx or similar overnight next business
day delivery, or by email followed by overnight next business day delivery, to the address as provided for on the signature page to this
agreement.

5.4.Amendments and Waivers. Any term of this Agreement may be amended and the observance of any
term of this Agreement may be waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively or prospectively), only with
the written consent of the Company and the Investor.

5.5.Severability. If one or more provisions of this Agreement are held to be unenforceable under
applicable law, such provision shall be excluded from this Agreement and the balance of the Agreement shall be interpreted as if such
provision were so excluded and shall be enforceable in accordance with its terms so long as this Agreement as so modified continues to
express, without material change, the original intentions of the parties as to the subject matter hereof and the prohibited nature, invalidity
or unenforceability of the provision(s) in question does not substantially impair the respective expectations or reciprocal obligations
of the parties or the practical realization of the benefits that would otherwise be conferred upon the parties. The parties will endeavor
in good faith negotiations to replace the prohibited, invalid or unenforceable provision(s) with a valid provision(s), the effect of which
comes as close as possible to that of the prohibited, invalid or unenforceable provision(s).

5.6.Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall
be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

5.7.Survival. The representations, warranties and covenants of the Company and the Investor contained
herein shall survive the Closing and delivery of the Note.

6.Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement, the following words and terms shall have the
following meanings:

6.1.Common Stock means shares of the Companys class A common stock, par value
$0.001 per share.

6 

6.2.Conversion Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion
of the Note.

6.3.Exchange Approval means approval of the issuance of Common Stock contemplated
by this Agreement by the Principal Market, which approval shall be obtained (i) in the case of the Conversion Shares in an amount of up
to 305,846 shares of Common Stock and (ii) in the case of the remaining Conversion Shares, no later than five (5) calendar days after
the Company shall have obtained Stockholder Approval to issue such Conversion Shares.

6.4.Exchange Cap shall mean that number of shares of Common Stock pursuant
to this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to the extent that after giving effect thereto, the aggregate number of shares of
Common Stock that would be issued as well as permitted to vote pursuant to this Agreement and such Transaction Documents would not exceed
19.99% of the Companys outstanding shares of Common Stock as of the date hereof.

6.5.Liens means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of
first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

6.6.Person means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint
venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization, any other entity or a government or any department or agency thereof.

6.7.Principal Market means the NYSE American, LLC.

6.8.Stockholder Approval means such approval as may be required by the applicable
rules and regulations of the Principal Market Rules (or the applicable rules and regulations of any successor entity) from the stockholders
of the Company with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, including the issuance
of Conversion Shares in excess of 19.99% of the issued and outstanding Common Stock on the Effective Date.

6.9.Transaction Documents means this Agreement, the Note, the Guaranty, and all
exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto and any other documents or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated
hereunder.

[SIGNATURES ON THE FOLLOWING PAGE]

7 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
have caused this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the date provided above.

COMPANY:

HYPERSCALE
DATA, INC.

By: 

Name:

Title: 

Address for Notices:

8 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this
Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the date provided above.

INVESTOR:

By: 

Name:

Title: 

Address for Notices:

EIN #: 

9 

EXHIBIT A

Convertible Promissory Note
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>gpus-20250416.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>gpus-20250416_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>gpus-20250416_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Class A Common Stock, $0.001 par value 

13.00% Series D Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>gpus-20250416_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 16, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 16, 2025

Entity File Number 001-12711

Entity Registrant Name HYPERSCALE DATA, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0000896493

Entity Tax Identification Number 94-1721931

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 11411 Southern Highlands Parkway

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 190

Entity Address, City or Town Las Vegas

Entity Address, State or Province NV

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 89141

City Area Code (949)

Local Phone Number 444-5464

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Class A Common Stock, $0.001 par value 

Title of 12(b) Security Class A Common Stock, $0.001 par value

Trading Symbol GPUS

Security Exchange Name NYSE

13.00% Series D Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security 13.00% Series D Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share

Trading Symbol GPUS PD

Security Exchange Name NYSE

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=GPUS_ClassCommonStock0.001ParValueMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=GPUS_Sec13.00SeriesDCumulativeRedeemablePerpetualPreferredStockParValue0.001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
3 
23 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://GPUS/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

gpus-20250416.xsd 
gpus-20250416_def.xml 
gpus-20250416_lab.xml 
gpus-20250416_pre.xml 
p4152538k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001214659-25-005956-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>p4152538k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000896493 

2025-04-16 
2025-04-16 

0000896493 

GPUS:ClassCommonStock0.001ParValueMember 

2025-04-16 
2025-04-16 

0000896493 

GPUS:Sec13.00SeriesDCumulativeRedeemablePerpetualPreferredStockParValue0.001PerShareMember 

2025-04-16 
2025-04-16 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0000896493 
8-K 
2025-04-16 
HYPERSCALE DATA, INC. 
DE 
001-12711 
94-1721931 
11411 Southern Highlands Parkway 
Suite 190 
Las Vegas 
NV 
89141 
(949) 
444-5464 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A Common Stock, $0.001 par value 
GPUS 
NYSE 
13.00% Series D Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share 
GPUS PD 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>