<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-027527.txt : 20250402
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-027527.hdr.sgml : 20250402
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250401211236
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-027527
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		24
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250331
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250402
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250401

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			authID Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001534154
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		EIN:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40747
		FILM NUMBER:		25801727

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1580 N. LOGAN ST., STE 660
		STREET 2:		UNIT 51767
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80203
		BUSINESS PHONE:		516-274-8700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1580 N. LOGAN ST., STE 660
		STREET 2:		UNIT 51767
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80203

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Ipsidy Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170206

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ID Global Solutions Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20141014

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	IIM Global Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130107
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0236605-8k_authid.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000153415400015341542025-03-312025-03-31iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF

THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
March 31, 2025

authID Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-40747 46-2069547

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification Number)

1580 N. Logan St., Suite 660, Unit 51767, Denver,
Colorado80222

(Address of principal executive offices) (zip code)

516-274-8700

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General
Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock par value $0.0001 per share AUID The Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive
Agreement.

On March 31, 2025, authID
Inc. (the Company) entered into a securities purchase agreement with accredited investors (the Purchase
Agreement), pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell, in a registered offering (the Offering)
an aggregate of 1,361,120 shares (the Shares) of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the
Common Stock) at a per share price of $4.50 per share and, in lieu of offering the Shares to certain investors that
so choose, pre-funded warrants (the Pre-Funded Warrants) to purchase 450,000 shares of our common stock
(the Warrant Shares). The purchase price of the Pre-Funded Warrant was $4.4999, which is equal to the price
per share of the Shares, minus $0.0001, the exercise price of each Pre-Funded Warrant.

The
Shares and the Pre-Funded Warrants including the Warrant Shares were offered and sold pursuant to a base prospectus, dated December 9,
2024, and a prospectus supplement, dated March 31, 2025, in connection with a takedown from the Companys shelf registration statement
on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-283580). The Offering closed on April 1, 2025.

The
Company retained Dominari Securities LLC (Dominari) and Madison Global Partners, LLC (Madison),
as co-placement agents (collectively, Dominari and Madison are referred to as the Placement Agents) with respect
to this Offering. The Company entered an engagement letter with Madison dated March 12, 2025, as amended on March 26, 2025 (the Madison
Engagement Agreements), and a Placement Agency Agreement with Dominari dated March 31, 2025 (the Placement Agency Agreement).

The
Company paid the Placement Agents fees including 7% of the gross proceeds from the sale of the shares sold by Madison and 8% of
the gross proceeds from the sale of the shares sold by Dominari. Madison was also paid a cash fee of 3% of the gross proceeds from the
sale of shares to investors introduced to the Company by Dominari in the Offering. In addition, the Company issued Madison warrants (the
Madison Warrants) to purchase up to 80,999 shares of common stock of the Company, which are equal to 7% of the number
of Shares placed by Madison in the Offering and 3% of the number of Shares placed by Dominari in the Offering and issued Dominari warrants
(the Dominari Warrants) to purchase up to 91,556 shares of common stock of the Company, which are equal to 8% of
the number of Shares placed by Dominari in the Offering. The Madison Warrants and the Dominari Warrants have an exercise price of $4.50
per share. The Company agreed to reimburse the Placement Agents for legal fees and other expenses incurred by the Placement Agents in
connection with the Offering. The Company reimbursed Madison $100,000 for legal fees and other expenses. In addition, the Company paid
Madison a non-refundable advisory fee of $50,000 upon engagement and a $30,000 fee upon closing of the Offering. The Company reimbursed
Dominari $100,000 for legal fees and other expenses. In addition, the Company paid Dominari a 1% management fee of the gross proceeds
raised by Dominari.

The
foregoing descriptions of the Purchase Agreement, the Pre-Funded Warrant, the Madison Engagement Agreements, the Placement Agency Agreement,
the Madison Warrants and the Dominari Warrants are not complete and are qualified in their entirety by references to the full text of
each the agreements that are filed as exhibits to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated by reference herein.

A
copy of the opinion of Fleming PLLC relating to the validity of the securities issued in the Offering is filed herewith as Exhibit 5.1.

This
Current Report on Form 8-K shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy nor shall there be any sale of
these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification
under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

1

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

(d) Index of Exhibits

Exhibit No. Description

5.1 Opinion of Fleming PLLC

10.1* Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2025, between the Company and accredited investors

10.2 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant dated April 1, 2025

10.3 Engagement Agreement dated as of March 12, 2025 between the Company and Madison Global Partners, LLC

10.4 Amendment to the Engagement Agreement dated as of March 26, 2025 between the Company and Madison Global Partners, LLC

10.5 Placement Agency Agreement between the Company and Dominari Securities LLC dated March 31, 2025

10.6 Stock Purchase Warrant issued to Madison Global Partners, LLC

10.7 Stock Purchase Warrant issued to Dominari Securities LLC

23.1 Consent of Fleming PLLC (included in Exhibit 5.1)

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

* Certain schedules and exhibits to this agreement have been omitted pursuant to Instruction 4 to Item 1.01 of Form 8-K. A copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit will be furnished to the SEC upon request.

2

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

authID Inc.

Date: April 1, 2025 By: /s/ Edward Sellitto

Name: Edward Sellitto

Title: Chief Financial Officer

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023660501ex5-1_authid.htm
<DESCRIPTION>OPINION OF FLEMING PLLC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 5.1

FLEMING PLLC

30 WALL STREET 8TH FLOOR NEW YORK
NEW YORK 10005

TEL 516 902 6567 WWW.FLEMINGPLLC.COM

April 1, 2025

authID Inc.

1580 N. Logan St

Suite 660, Unit 51767

Denver, Colorado 80203

Re: Shares of Common Stock of authID Inc.

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We have acted as legal counsel to authID Inc.,
a Delaware corporation (the Company), in connection with the preparation and filing with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the Commission) of a prospectus supplement, dated March 31, 2025 (the Prospectus Supplement),
to be filed by the Company with the Commission under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act),
to a Registration Statement (File No. 333-283580) on Form S-3 (the Registration Statement),
which includes a base prospectus (the Base Prospectus, and such Base Prospectus as supplemented by the Prospectus
Supplement, the Prospectus). The Prospectus relates to the registration under the Securities Act (the Offering)
of up to (i) 1,361,120 shares (the Shares) of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the
Common Stock), (ii) 450,000 warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock at an exercise price equal to $0.0001 per
share (the Pre-Funded Warrants) and (iii) 450,000 shares of Common Stock underlying the Pre-Funded Warrants
(the Warrant Shares), to be offered and sold pursuant to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated March
31, 2025, by and between the Company and the purchaser party thereto (the Securities Purchase Agreement). The Securities
Purchase Agreement will be filed as an exhibit to a Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference into the Registration
Statement.

In our capacity as counsel, you have requested
that we render the opinions set forth in this letter and we are furnishing this opinion letter to you pursuant to the requirements of
Item 601(b)(5) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act.

In connection herewith, we have examined originals
or copies, certified or otherwise identified to our satisfaction, of: (i) the Registration Statement and Prospectus as filed with
the Commission; (ii) the Securities Purchase Agreement; (iii) the Companys amended and restated certificate of incorporation,
as amended to date; (iv) the Companys amended and restated bylaws, as amended to date; (v) resolutions of the board of
directors of the Company relating to the Offering; and (vi) such other documents as we have deemed necessary or appropriate for purposes
of rendering the opinion set forth herein.

In rendering the opinions set forth below, we
have assumed that: (i) all information contained in all documents reviewed by us is true and correct; (ii) all signatures on
all documents examined by us are genuine; (iii) all documents submitted to us as originals are authentic and all documents submitted
to us as copies conform to the originals of those documents; (iv) each natural person signing any document reviewed by us had the
legal capacity to do so; and (v) any certificates representing the Pre-Funded Warrants to be issued pursuant to the Offering
will be duly executed and delivered. As to any facts material to the opinions expressed herein, which were not independently established
or verified, we have relied upon statements and representations of officers and other representatives of the Company and others.

Based upon the foregoing, and having due regard
for such legal considerations as we deem relevant, we are of the opinion that:

(i) the Shares have been duly authorized and, when issued and
delivered by the Company in accordance with the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement and upon receipt by the Company of the consideration
therefor as provided therein, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable;

(ii) the Pre-Funded Warrants, when they have been duly
executed in accordance with their terms and issued and delivered in accordance with the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement upon
payment of the consideration therefor as provided therein, will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable
against the Company in accordance with their terms; and

(iii) the Warrant Shares have been duly authorized and, if issued
upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants against payment therefor in accordance with the terms of the Pre-Funded Warrants,
would be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.

In addition, our opinions set forth above are
subject to: (i) the effect of bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, fraudulent conveyance, moratorium or other similar laws now
or hereafter in effect relating to or affecting the rights and remedies of creditors; (ii) the effect of general principles of equity,
including without limitation, concepts of materiality, reasonableness, good faith and fair dealing and the possible unavailability of
specific performance or injunctive relief, regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law, and the
discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefore may be brought; (iii) the unenforceability under certain circumstances
under law or court decisions of provisions providing for the indemnification of, or contribution to, a party with respect to a liability
where such indemnification or contribution is contrary to public policy; (iv) the rights or remedies available to any party for
violations or breaches of any provisions of the Pre-Funded Warrants that are immaterial or the enforcement of which would be
unreasonable under the then existing circumstances; (v) the rights or remedies available to any party for material violations or
breaches that are the proximate result of actions taken by any party to the Pre-Funded Warrants other than the party against
whom enforcement is sought, which actions such other party is not entitled to take pursuant to the Pre-Funded Warrants, or
that otherwise violate applicable laws; (vi) the rights or remedies available to any party that takes discretionary action that
is arbitrary, unreasonable or capricious, or is not taken in good faith or in a commercially reasonable manner, whether or not the Pre-Funded Warrants
permit such action; and (vii) the effect of the exercise of judicial discretion, whether in a proceeding in equity or at law.

The foregoing opinions are limited to the Delaware
General Corporation Law and the substantive laws of the State of New York, and we do not express any opinion herein concerning any other
law. We express no opinion as to compliance with any federal or state securities laws, including the securities laws of the State of New
York or as to federal or state laws regarding fraudulent transfers. We assume no obligation to supplement this opinion if any applicable
law changes after the date hereof or if we become aware of any fact that might change the opinions expressed herein after the date hereof.

We hereby consent to the filing of this opinion
letter as an exhibit to a Current Report on Form 8-K to be filed by the Company on or about the date hereof and its incorporation
by reference into the Registration Statement and further consent to the reference to our name under the caption Legal Matters
in the Prospectus, which is a part of the Registration Statement. In giving this consent, we do not admit that we are in the category
of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act.

Very truly yours,

/s/
Fleming PLLC

Fleming PLLC
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023660501ex10-1_authid.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF MARCH 31, 2025, BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND ACCREDITED INVESTORS
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This Securities Purchase Agreement
(this Agreement) is dated as of March [__], 2025, between authID Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company),
and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto (each, including its successors and assigns, a Purchaser
and collectively the Purchasers).

WHEREAS, subject to the terms
and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the Securities Act), on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-283580), the Company desires to issue and sell
to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser, severally and not jointly, desires to purchase from the Company, securities of the Company as
more fully described in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE,
IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt and adequacy
of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows:

ARTICLE I.

DEFINITIONS

1.1 Definitions. In addition to
the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings set forth in
this Section 1.1:

Acquiring Person
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.5.

Action shall have the meaning ascribed
to such term in Section 3.1(j).

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Board of Directors means the board of
directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized
or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee
or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority
so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York generally
are open for use by customers on such day.

Closing means the closing of the purchase
and sale of the Shares pursuant to Section 2.1.

Closing
Date means the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties
thereto, and all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers obligations to pay the Subscription Amount and (ii) the Companys
obligations to deliver the Shares, in each case, have been satisfied or waived, but in no event later than the second (2nd)
Trading Day following the date hereof.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such
securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, shares of Common
Stock.

1

Company Counsel means Fleming PLLC.

Disclosure Schedules
means the Disclosure Schedules of the Company delivered concurrently herewith.

Engagement Letter
means that certain engagement letter, dated March 25, 2025, between the Company and the Placement Agent.

Evaluation Date
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(s).

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exempt
Issuance means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock or options to employees, officers or directors of the Company pursuant
to any stock or option plan duly adopted for such purpose, or to new employees by a majority of the non-employee members of the Board
of Directors or a majority of the members of a committee of non- employee directors established for such purpose for services rendered
to the Company, (b) securities upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any securities issued hereunder, warrants to the Placement
Agent in connection with the transactions pursuant to this Agreement, if applicable, and any securities upon exercise of warrants to the
Placement Agent and/or other securities exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding
on the date of this Agreement, provided that such securities have not been amended since the date of this Agreement to increase the number
of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities (other than in connection
with stock splits or combinations) or to extend the term of such securities, and (c) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic
transactions approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company, provided that such securities are issued as restricted
securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that require or permit the filing of any registration statement
in connection therewith during the prohibition period in Section 4.11(a) herein, and provided that any such issuance shall only be to
a Person (or to the equity holders of a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset
in a business synergistic with the business of the Company and shall provide to the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment
of funds, but shall not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital
or to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities.

FCPA means the Foreign Corrupt Practices
Act of 1977, as amended.

GAAP shall have the meaning ascribed
to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Indebtedness shall
have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(aa).

Intellectual Property Rights shall have
the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(p).

Liens means a lien,
charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

Lock-Up Agreements
means the Lock-Up Agreements, dated as of the date hereof, by and among the Company and directors and officers of the Company, in the
form of Exhibit A attached hereto.

Material Adverse Effect shall have the
meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(b).

Material Permits
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(n).

Per Share Purchase Price equals $[___], subject
to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock
that occur after the date of this Agreement.

2

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Placement Agent means Dominari Securities LLC.

Per Pre-Funded Warrant Purchase
Price equals $[___], subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other
similar transactions of the Common Shares that occur after the date of this Agreement and prior to the Closing Date.

Pre-Funded Warrants
means, collectively, the Pre-Funded Common Stock purchase warrants delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing in accordance with Section
2.2(a) hereof, which Pre-Funded Warrants shall be exercisable immediately and shall expire when exercised in full, in the form of Exhibit
B attached hereto.

Pre-Funded Warrant Shares means the Common Shares
issuable upon the exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants.

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

Prospectus
means the final base prospectus filed for the Registration Statement.

Prospectus
Supplement means the supplement to the Prospectus complying with Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act that is filed with the Commission
and delivered by the Company to each Purchaser at the Closing.

Purchaser Party
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.8.

Registration Statement means the effective registration
statement on Form S-3, as amended (File No. 333- 283580) filed with the Commission which registers the sale of the Shares, the Pre-Funded
Warrants and the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares to the Purchasers, including all information, documents and exhibits filed with or incorporated
by reference into such registration statement.

Required Approvals
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1

Rule
144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Rule
424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

SEC Reports
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Securities means the Shares, the Pre-Funded Warrants and the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares.

Securities Act means
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Shares
means the shares of Common Stock being sold to the Purchasers hereunder, but excluding the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares.

Short
Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be
deemed to include locating and/or borrowing shares of Common Stock).

Subscription Amount means, as to each Purchaser,
the aggregate amount to be paid for the Shares and/or Pre-Funded Warrants purchased hereunder as specified below such Purchasers
name on the signature page of this Agreement and next to the heading Subscription Amount, in United States dollars and in
immediately available funds (excluding for the avoidance of doubt, if applicable, a Purchasers aggregate exercise price of the
Pre-Funded Warrants, which amounts shall be paid as and when such Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised for cash).

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth on Schedule 3.1(a), and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect
subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading Day means a day on which the
principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading Market means any
of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the NYSE
American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange, OTCQB
or OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

3

Transaction Documents means this Agreement, the
Lock-Up Agreements, the Pre-Funded Warrants(s) the Engagement Letter, all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto and any other documents
or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Transfer
Agent means Computershare N.A., the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 150 Royall Street, Canton,
MA 02021 and a telephone number of (877) 373-6374, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Variable Rate Transaction shall have
the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.11(b).

ARTICLE II.

PURCHASE AND SALE

2.1 Closing. On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject
to the conditions set forth herein, substantially concurrent with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the parties hereto,
the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchasers, severally and not jointly, agree to purchase, up to an aggregate of [_______] of Shares
and/or Pre-Funded Warrants in lieu of Shares in such manner to result in the same aggregate purchase price being paid by such Purchaser
to thee Company. In each case, the election to receive Pre-Funded Warrants is solely at the option of the Purchaser. Each Purchasers
Subscription Amount as set forth on the signature page hereto executed by such Purchaser shall be made available for Delivery Versus
Payment (DVP) settlement with the Company or its designee. The Company shall deliver to each Purchaser its respective
Shares and/or Pre-Funded Warrants, as determined pursuant to Section 2.2(a), and the Company and each Purchaser shall deliver the other
items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2
and 2.3, the Closing shall occur at the offices of Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP or such other location as the parties shall mutually
agree. Unless otherwise directed by the Placement Agent, settlement of the Shares shall occur via DVP (i.e., on the Closing Date, the
Company shall issue the Shares registered in the Purchasers names and addresses and released by the Transfer Agent directly to
the account(s) at the Placement Agent identified by each Purchaser; upon receipt of such Shares, the Placement Agent shall promptly electronically
deliver such Shares to the applicable Purchaser, and payment therefor shall be made by the Placement Agent (or its clearing firm) by wire
transfer to the Company). Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time on or after the time of execution of this Agreement
by the Company and an applicable Purchaser, through, and including the time immediately prior to the Closing (the Pre-Settlement
Period), if such Purchaser sells to any Person all, or any portion, of any Shares to be issued hereunder to such Purchaser
at the Closing (collectively, the Pre-Settlement Shares), such Purchaser shall, automatically hereunder (without
any additional required actions by such Purchaser or the Company), be deemed to be unconditionally bound to purchase, and the Company
shall be deemed unconditionally bound to sell, such Pre-Settlement Shares to such Purchaser at the Closing; provided, that the Company
shall not be required to deliver any Pre-Settlement Shares to such Purchaser prior to the Companys receipt of the Subscription
Amount for such Pre- Settlement Shares hereunder; provided, further, that the Company hereby acknowledges and agrees that the forgoing
shall not constitute a representation or covenant by such Purchaser as to whether or not such Purchaser will elect to sell any Pre-Settlement
Shares during the Pre-Settlement Period. The decision to sell any shares of Common Stock will be made in the sole discretion of such Purchaser
from time to time, including during the Pre-Settlement Period. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Notice(s) of Exercise
(as defined in the Pre-Funded Warrants) delivered on or prior to 12:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Closing Date, which may be delivered
at any time after the time of execution of this Agreement, the Company agrees to deliver the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares subject to such
notice(s) by 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Closing Date and the Closing Date shall be the Warrant Share Delivery Date (as defined
in the Pre-Funded Warrants) for purposes hereunder.

2.2 Deliveries.

(a) On
or prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser and the Placement Agent the following:

(i) this Agreement duly executed by the Company;

(ii) a
legal opinion of Company Counsel, substantially in the form acceptable to the Placement Agent and each of the Purchasers;

(iii) a
cold comfort letter, addressed to the Placement Agent in form and substance reasonably satisfactory in all material respects from the
Companys Auditor;

4

(iv) executed Lock-Up Agreements;

(v) the
Company shall have provided each Purchaser with the Companys wire instructions, on Company letterhead and executed by the Chief
Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer;

(vi) subject to the penultimate sentence of Section 2.1, a copy of the irrevocable
instructions to the Transfer Agent instructing the Transfer Agent to deliver on an expedited basis via The Depository Trust Company Deposit
or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) the number of Shares set forth on each Purchasers signature page
registered in the name of such Purchaser; and

(vii)
if applicable, for each Purchaser of Pre-Funded Warrants pursuant to Section 2.1, a Pre-Funded Warrant registered in the name of
such Purchaser to purchase up to a number of Common Shares equal to the portion of such Purchasers Subscription Amount
applicable to Pre-Funded Warrant divided by the Per Share Purchase Price minus $0.0001, with an exercise price per share equal to
$0.0001, subject to adjustment therein; and

(viii) the Prospectus and Prospectus
Supplement (which may be delivered in accordance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act).

(b) On or prior
to the Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company, the following:

(i) this Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser; and

(ii) such Purchasers Subscription Amount (which will be equal to
the aggregate Shares purchased by such Purchaser multiplied by the Per Share Purchase Price), minus, if applicable, a Purchasers
aggregate exercise price of the Pre-Funded Warrants, which amounts shall be paid as and when such Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised for
cash).

2.3 Closing Conditions.

(a) The
obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the
accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect,
in all respects) on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained herein (unless as of a specific
date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date);

(ii) all
obligations, covenants and agreements of each Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;
and

(iii) the delivery by each Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.

(b) The
respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the
accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect,
in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless as of
a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date);

(ii) all
obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;

(iii) the delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement;

(iv) there shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company since the date hereof;

and

(v) from the date
hereof to the Closing Date, trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the Commission or the Companys
principal Trading Market, and, at any time prior to the Closing Date, trading in securities generally as reported by Bloomberg L.P.
shall not have been suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on securities whose trades are reported
by such service, or on any Trading Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by the United States or New York
State authorities nor shall there have occurred any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or
international calamity of such magnitude in its effect on, or any material adverse change in, any financial market which, in each
case, in the reasonable judgment of such Purchaser, makes it impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the Shares at the Closing.

5

ARTICLE III.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

3.1 Representations
and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth (i) in the Disclosure Schedules and in the SEC Reports (as defined below), each
of which shall be deemed a part hereof and shall qualify any representation or otherwise made herein to the extent of the disclosure contained
in the Disclosure Schedules or SEC Reports, the Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to each Purchaser:

(a) Subsidiaries.
All of the direct and indirect Subsidiaries of the Company are set forth on Schedule 3.1(a). The Company owns, directly or indirectly,
all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens, and all of the issued and outstanding
shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights
to subscribe for or purchase securities. If the Company has no subsidiaries, all other references to the Subsidiaries or any of them in
the Transaction Documents shall be disregarded.

(b) Organization
and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and authority to
own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in
violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational
or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign
corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification
necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could not have or reasonably be expected
to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document, (ii) a material adverse
effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and the Subsidiaries,
taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis
its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material Adverse Effect) and no Proceeding
has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority
or qualification.

(c) Authorization;
Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The
execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further
action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders in connection herewith or therewith other
than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party has been (or
upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will constitute
the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by
general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting
enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive
relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

(d) No Conflicts.
The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party,
the issuance and sale of the Shares and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and will
not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles of
incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that
with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or
assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or similar
adjustments, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt
or other instrument (evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any
Subsidiary is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to
the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or
other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and
state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected;
except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect.

6

(e) Filings, Consents
and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice to, or make
any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other Person in
connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filings
required pursuant to Section 4.4 of this Agreement, (ii) the filing with the Commission of the Prospectus Supplement, (iii)
application(s) to each applicable Trading Market for the listing of the Shares and Pre-Funded Warrants for trading thereon in the
time and manner required thereby, and (iv) such filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws
(collectively, the Required Approvals).

(f) Issuance of the Shares;
Registration. The Shares are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable Transaction Documents,
will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company. The Company has reserved
from its duly authorized capital stock the maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Agreement. The Pre-Funded
Warrant Shares, when issued in accordance with the terms of the Pre-Funded Warrants, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable,
free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company. The Company has reserved from its duly authorized capital stock the maximum number
of Common Shares issuable pursuant to this Agreement and the Pre-Funded Warrants. The Company has prepared and filed the Registration
Statement in conformity with the requirements of the Securities Act, which became effective on December 13, 2024 (the Effective
Date) including the Prospectus and any such amendments and supplements thereto as may have been required to the date of this
Agreement. The Registration Statement is effective under the Securities Act and no stop order preventing or suspending the effectiveness
of the Registration Statement or suspending or preventing the use of the Prospectus and/or the Prospectus Supplement has been issued
by the Commission and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or, to the knowledge of the Company, are threatened by the
Commission. The Company, if required by the rules and regulations of the Commission, shall file the Prospectus Supplement with the Commission
pursuant to Rule 424(b). At the time the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto became effective, at the date of this Agreement
and at the Closing Date, the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto conformed and will conform in all material respects to
the requirements of the Securities Act and did not and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; and the Prospectus, Prospectus
Supplement, and any amendments or supplements thereto, at the time the Prospectus, Prospectus Supplement or any such amendment or supplement
thereto was issued and at the Closing Date, conformed and will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities
Act and did not and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make
the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company was at the time of
the filing of the Registration Statement eligible to use Form S-3. The Company is eligible to use Form S-3 under the Securities Act and
it meets the transaction requirements with respect to the aggregate market value of securities being sold pursuant to this offering and
during the twelve (12) months prior to this offering, as set forth in General Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3.

(g) Capitalization.
The capitalization of the Company as of the date hereof is as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g), which Schedule 3.1(g)
shall also include the number of shares of Common Stock owned beneficially, and of record, by Affiliates of the Company as of the
date hereof. The Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act,
other than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options under the Companys stock option plans, the issuance of shares
of Common Stock to employees pursuant to the Companys employee stock purchase plans and pursuant to the conversion and/or
exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act
and except as otherwise disclosed on Schedule 3.1(g). No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of
participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except as set
forth on Schedule 3.1(g), there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of
any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or
giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any shares of Common Stock or the capital stock of any Subsidiary, or
contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue
additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or capital stock of any Subsidiary. The issuance and sale of the
Shares will not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than
the Purchasers). There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary with any provision that adjusts
the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price of such security or instrument upon an issuance of securities by the Company or
any Subsidiary. There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary that contain any redemption or
similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary
is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or such Subsidiary. The Company does not have any stock appreciation
rights or phantom stock plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement. All of the outstanding shares of capital
stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance with all
applicable federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights
or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. No further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of
Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Shares. There are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or
other similar agreements with respect to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of
the Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders.

7

(h) Reserved.

(i) Shell
Company Status; SEC Reports; Financial Statements. In the last one (1) year, the Company has not been an issuer subject to Rule 144(i)
under the Securities Act. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by
the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two years preceding
the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing materials,
including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, together with the Registration Statement, the Prospectus
and the Prospectus Supplement, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports) on a timely basis or has
received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As
of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange
Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with
applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing.
Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent
basis during the periods involved (GAAP), except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the
notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all
material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results
of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end
audit adjustments.

(j) Material Changes;
Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within the
SEC Reports, except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(i) or in the SEC Reports, (i) there has been no event, occurrence or
development that has had or that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not
incurred any liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Companys financial
statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has not altered its method of
accounting, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or
purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock and (v) the Company has not issued
any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant to existing Company stock option plans. The Company
does not have pending before the Commission any request for confidential treatment of information. Except for the issuance of the
Shares contemplated by this Agreement or as set forth on Schedule 3.1(i), no event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence
or development has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or
their respective businesses, prospects, properties, operations, assets or financial condition that would be required to be disclosed
by the Company under applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made or deemed made that has not been publicly
disclosed at least 1 Trading Day prior to the date that this representation is made.

8

(k) Litigation.
Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(j), there is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending
or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties
before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign)
(collectively, an Action), which (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of
any of the Transaction Documents or the Shares or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected to
result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer thereof, is or has been the subject
of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary
duty. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission
involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other
order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the
Securities Act.

(l) Labor
Relations. No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees of the Company,
which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries employees
is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe that their relationships
with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary, is, or is now expected
to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement
or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third party, and the continued
employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability with respect to any
of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws and
regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where the
failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(m) Compliance.
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not been waived
that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor has the Company or
any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture, loan or credit agreement
or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound (whether or not such default
or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or order of any court, arbitrator or other governmental authority
or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority, including without limitation
all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational health and safety, product quality
and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect.

(n) Environmental
Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws relating to
pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or
subsurface strata), including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants,
contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the
environment, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or
handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments,
licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder
(Environmental Laws); (ii) have received all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under
applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses; and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of
any such permit, license or approval where in each clause (i), (ii) and (iii), the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected
to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

9

(o) Regulatory
Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate federal,
state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports, except
where the failure to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material
Permits), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification
of any Material Permit.

(p) Title
to Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them and good
and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries, in each
case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially interfere
with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens for the payment of federal,
state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and, the payment of which is neither
delinquent nor subject to penalties and (iii) Liens granted pursuant to its Senior Secured Convertible Notes issued in March 2022 (the
Notes). Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries are held by them under valid,
subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance.

(q) Intellectual
Property. The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark applications,
service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights and similar rights
necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports and which the failure to
so have could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights). None of, and neither
the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property Rights has expired,
terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within two (2) years from the date of this Agreement.
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within the SEC
Reports, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge that the Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe upon the
rights of any Person, except as could not have or reasonably be expected to not have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the
Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement by another Person of any of the Intellectual
Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and
value of all of their intellectual properties, except where failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(r) Insurance.
The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such
amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including, but not limited
to, directors and officers insurance coverage at least equal to $7.5 million. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any reason to
believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage
from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business without a significant increase in cost.

(s) Transactions With
Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(r), none of the officers or directors of the Company or any
Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to any
transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any
contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal
property to or from, providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from any
officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such
employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of
$120,000 other than for (i) payment of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on
behalf of the Company and (iii) other employee benefits, including stock option agreements under any stock option plan of the
Company.

10

(t) Sarbanes-Oxley;
Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance with any and all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 that are effective as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the Commission thereunder
that are effective as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date. The Company and the Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting
controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general
or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with
GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific
authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate
action is taken with respect to any differences. The Company and the Subsidiaries have established disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries and designed such disclosure controls
and procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange
Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms. The
Companys certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of the Company and the
Subsidiaries as of the end of the period covered by the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act (such date, the Evaluation
Date). The Company presented in its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying
officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation Date. Since
the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in the Exchange
Act) of the Company and its Subsidiaries that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the internal control
over financial reporting of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

(u) Certain
Fees. Except as set forth in the Prospectus Supplement or in the Engagement Letter, no brokerage or finders fees or commissions
are or will be payable by the Company or any Subsidiary to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment
banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The Purchasers shall have no
obligation with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated
in this Section that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(v) Investment
Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Shares, will not be or be
an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Company
shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company subject to registration under the
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(w) Registration
Rights. No Person has any right to cause the Company or any Subsidiary to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any
securities of the Company or any Subsidiary.

(x) Listing
and Maintenance Requirements. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, and the Company
has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common
Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating such registration.
Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, the Company has not, in the 12 months preceding the date hereof, received notice from any Trading
Market on which the Common Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing
or maintenance requirements of such Trading Market. The Company is, and has no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future
continue to be, in compliance with all such listing and maintenance requirements. The Common Stock is currently eligible for electronic
transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation and the Company is current in payment of the
fees to the Depository Trust Company (or such other established clearing corporation) in connection with such electronic transfer.

(y) Application
of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable
any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or other similar
anti-takeover provision under the Companys articles of incorporation, as amended (or similar charter documents) or the laws of
its state of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the Purchasers as a result of the Purchasers and the Company fulfilling
their obligations or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation as a result of the Companys
issuance of the Shares and the Purchasers ownership of the Shares.

11

(z) Disclosure.
Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the Company confirms
that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the Purchasers or their agents or counsel with any information
that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information which is not otherwise disclosed in the Prospectus Supplement.
The Company understands and confirms that the Purchasers will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities
of the Company. All of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchasers regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries,
their respective businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Disclosure Schedules to this Agreement, is true and
correct and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the
statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The press releases disseminated
by the Company during the twelve months preceding the date of this Agreement taken as a whole do not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in
the light of the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not misleading. The Company acknowledges and agrees that no Purchaser
makes or has made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically
set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.

(aa) No
Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, neither
the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales
of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Shares to be integrated
with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of any applicable stockholder approval provisions of any Trading Market on which any
of the securities of the Company are listed or designated.

(bb) Solvency.
Based on the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the Closing Date, after giving effect to the receipt by the
Company of the proceeds from the sale of the Shares hereunder, (i) the fair saleable value of the Companys assets exceeds the
amount that will be required to be paid on or in respect of the Companys existing debts and other liabilities (including
known contingent liabilities) as they mature, and (ii) the current cash flow of the Company, together with the proceeds the Company
would receive, were it to liquidate all of its assets, after taking into account all anticipated uses of the cash, would be
sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its liabilities when such amounts are required to be paid. The Company does not
intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature (taking into account the timing and amounts of cash to be
payable on or in respect of its debt). The Company has no knowledge of any facts or circumstances which lead it to believe that it
will file for reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization laws of any jurisdiction within six months from
the Closing Date. Schedule 3.1(aa) sets forth as of the date hereof all outstanding secured and unsecured Indebtedness of the
Company or any Subsidiary, or for which the Company or any Subsidiary has commitments. For the purposes of this Agreement,
Indebtedness means (x) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess of $300,000 (other than
trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (y) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent
obligations in respect of indebtedness of others, whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Companys
consolidated balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or
collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (z) the present value of any lease payments in excess of
$50,000 due under leases required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default
with respect to any Indebtedness.

(cc) Tax
Status. Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and local income and all
foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has paid
all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports
and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material taxes for periods
subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed
to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary know of no basis for any such
claim.

12

(dd) Foreign
Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any agent or other
person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions, gifts,
entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to foreign
or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds, (iii)
failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf of which the
Company is aware) which is in violation of law, or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA.

(ee) Accountants.
The Companys registered independent accounting firm is Cherry Bekaert LLP. To the knowledge and belief of the Company, such accounting
firm is a registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act.

(ff) Acknowledgment
Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Shares. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each of the Purchasers is acting solely in
the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby. The
Company further acknowledges that no Purchaser is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity)
with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by any Purchaser or any of their
respective representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby is merely
incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Shares. The Company further represents to each Purchaser that the Companys
decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the transactions
contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.

(gg) Acknowledgment
Regarding Purchasers Trading Activity. Anything in this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the contrary notwithstanding
(except for Sections 3.2(f) and 4.13 hereof), it is understood and acknowledged by the Company that: (i) none of the Purchasers has been
asked by the Company to agree, nor has any Purchaser agreed, to desist from purchasing or selling, long and/or short, securities of the
Company, or derivative securities based on securities issued by the Company or to hold the Shares for any specified term;
(ii) past or future open market or other transactions by any Purchaser, specifically including, without limitation, Short Sales or derivative
transactions, before or after the closing of this or future private placement transactions, may negatively impact the market price of
the Companys publicly-traded securities; (iii) any Purchaser, and counter-parties in derivative transactions to which
any such Purchaser is a party, directly or indirectly, presently may have a short position in the Common Stock, and (iv)
each Purchaser shall not be deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any arms length counter-party in any derivative
transaction. The Company further understands and acknowledges that (y) one or more Purchasers may engage in hedging activities at various
times during the period that the Shares are outstanding, including, without limitation, during the periods that the value of the Pre-Funded
Warrant Shares deliverables with respect to the Securities are being determined, and (z) such hedging activities (if any) could reduce
the value of the existing stockholders equity interests in the Company at and after the time that the hedging activities are being
conducted. The Company acknowledges that such aforementioned hedging activities do not constitute a breach of any of the Transaction Documents.

(hh) Reserved.

(ii) Stock
Option Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company under the Companys stock option plan was granted (i) in accordance with
the terms of the Companys stock option plan and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the Common
Stock on the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted under the Companys
stock option plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no Company policy or practice
to knowingly grant, stock options prior to the release or other public announcement of material information regarding the Company or its
Subsidiaries or their financial results or prospects.

(jj) Office
of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, agent,
employee or Affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign
Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC).

13

(kk) U.S.
Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within the meaning
of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon Purchasers request.

(ll) Bank
Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956,
as amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal
Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent
(5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent or more of the total equity of a bank
or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or
Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to
regulation by the Federal Reserve.

(mm) Money
Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable
financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, applicable
money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws),
and no Action or Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or
any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.

3.2 Representations
and Warranties of the Purchasers. Each Purchaser, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and warrants as of the
date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case they shall be accurate
as of such date):

(a) Organization;
Authority. Such Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and in good standing
under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited liability company
or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and otherwise
to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance by such
Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership,
limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to which it is a
party has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute
the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except: (i) as limited
by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application
affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance,
injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable
law.

(b) Understandings
or Arrangements. Such Purchaser is acquiring the Shares as principal for its own account and has no direct or indirect arrangement
or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Shares (this representation and warranty
not limiting such Purchasers right to sell the Shares pursuant to the Registration Statement, Prospectus, Prospectus Supplement
or otherwise in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). Such Purchaser is acquiring the Shares hereunder in the
ordinary course of its business.

(c) Purchaser
Status. At the time such Purchaser was offered the Shares, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, either: (i) an accredited
investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7) or (a)(8) under the Securities Act or (ii) a qualified institutional
buyer as defined in Rule 144A(a) under the Securities Act.

(d) Experience of Such
Purchaser. Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and experience
in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the
Shares, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of an
investment in the Shares and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

14

(e) Access
to Information. Such Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (including all exhibits
and schedules thereto) and the SEC Reports and has been afforded, (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed necessary
of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the Shares and
the merits and risks of investing in the Shares; (ii) access to information about the Company and its financial condition, results of
operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the opportunity
to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that is necessary
to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment. Such Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that neither the Placement
Agent nor any Affiliate of the Placement Agent has provided such Purchaser with any information or advice with respect to the Shares nor
is such information or advice necessary or desired. Neither the Placement Agent nor any Affiliate has made or makes any representation
as to the Company or the quality of the Shares and the Placement Agent and any Affiliate may have acquired non-public information with
respect to the Company which such Purchaser agrees need not be provided to it. In connection with the issuance of the Shares to such Purchaser,
neither the Placement Agent nor any of its Affiliates has acted as a financial advisor or fiduciary to such Purchaser.

(f) Certain
Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has not, nor has
any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed any purchases or
sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that the Company or any other
Person representing the Company first contacted the Purchaser regarding the material pricing terms of the transactions contemplated hereunder
and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed
investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers
have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchasers
assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that
made the investment decision to purchase the Shares covered by this Agreement. Other than to other Persons party to this Agreement or
to such Purchasers representatives, including, without limitation, its officers, directors, partners, legal and other advisors,
employees, agents and Affiliates, such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with this
transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing
contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares
in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

(g) General
Solicitation. Such Purchaser is not purchasing the Shares as a result of any advertisement, article, notice or other communication
regarding the Shares published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or presented at any seminar
or, to the knowledge of such Purchaser, any other general solicitation or general advertisement. Such Purchaser has a substantive pre-existing
relationship with the Placement Agent.

The Company acknowledges and agrees
that the representations contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect such Purchasers right to rely on the Companys
representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties contained in any other Transaction Document
or any other document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation
or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions
in the future.

15

ARTICLE IV.

OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1 Legends. The Shares shall be issued free of legends.

4.2 Furnishing
of Information. Until the earlier of the time that (i) no Purchaser owns Shares or (ii) the first anniversary of the Closing Date,
the Company covenants to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports
required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act even if the Company is not then subject to the
reporting requirements of the Exchange Act.

4.3 Pre-Funded Warrant
Shares. If all or any portion of a Pre-Funded Warrant is exercised at a time when there is an effective registration statement to
cover the issuance or resale of the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares or if the Pre-Funded Warrant is exercised via cashless exercise, the Pre-Funded
Warrant Shares issued pursuant to any such exercise shall be issued free of all legends. If at any time following the date hereof the
Registration Statement (or any subsequent registration statement registering the sale or resale of the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares) is not
effective or is not otherwise available for the sale or resale of the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares, the Company shall immediately notify
the holders of the Pre-Funded Warrants in writing that such registration statement is not then effective and thereafter shall promptly
notify such holders when the registration statement is effective again and available for the sale or resale of the Pre-Funded Warrant
Shares (it being understood and agreed that the foregoing shall not limit the ability of the Company to issue, or any Purchaser to sell,
any of the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares in compliance with applicable U.S. federal Securities Laws and state securities laws). The Company
shall use its best efforts to keep a registration statement (including the Registration Statement) registering the issuance or resale
of the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares effective during the term of the Pre-Funded Warrants.

4.4 Integration.
The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in Section
2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Shares for purposes of the rules and regulations of any
Trading Market such that it would require shareholder approval prior to the closing of such other transaction unless shareholder approval
is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

4.5 Securities
Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company shall (a) by 9:00 a.m. on March [__], 2025, issue a press release disclosing the material terms
of the transactions contemplated hereby, and (b) file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits thereto,
with the Commission within the time required by the Exchange Act. From and after the issuance of such press release, the Company represents
to the Purchasers that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to any of the Purchasers by the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees or agents in connection with the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents. In addition, effective upon the issuance of such press release, the Company acknowledges and
agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement, whether written or oral, between the Company, any
of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates on the one hand, and any of the Purchasers
or any of their Affiliates on the other hand, shall terminate, provided that this provision shall not affect any such confidentiality
agreement entered into by any Purchaser or any of their Affiliates, which was entered into by such Person in another capacity, including
but not limited to the capacity of officer, director, employee, agent or contractor, which confidentiality agreements shall remain in
full force and effect, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement. The Company and the Placement Agent shall consult with
each other in issuing any other press releases with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, and neither the Company nor the Placement
Agent shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement without the prior consent of the Company, with respect
to any press release of the Placement Agent, or without the prior consent of the Placement Agent, with respect to any press release of
the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure is required by law, in which case
the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement or communication. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of any Purchaser, or include the name of any Purchaser in any filing with
the Commission or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent of such Purchaser, except (a) as required
by federal securities law in connection with the filing of final Transaction Documents with the Commission and (b) to the extent such
disclosure is required by law or regulation, Trading Market or FINRA rules or regulations, in which case the Company shall provide the
Placement Agent with prior notice of such disclosure permitted under this Section 4.4.

4.6 Shareholder
Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person, that any Purchaser
is an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution
under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by the Company, or that any Purchaser
could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving Shares under the Transaction Documents
or under any other agreement between the Company and the Purchasers.

4.7 Non-Public
Information. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents, which shall be disclosed pursuant to Section 4.4, the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person
acting on its behalf will provide any Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company
reasonably believes constitutes, material non-public information, unless prior thereto such Purchaser shall have consented to the
receipt of such information and agreed with the Company to keep such information confidential. The Company understands and confirms
that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. To the extent
that the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates delivers
any material, non-public information to a Purchaser without such Purchasers consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees
that such Purchaser shall not have any duty of confidentiality to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective
officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates, or a duty to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective
officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates not to trade on the basis of, such material, non-public information, provided
that the Purchaser shall remain subject to applicable law, provided that this provision shall not apply to any Purchaser who is a
director, officer, employee or contractor of the Company, who shall continue to be governed by their separate confidentiality
agreements and the Companys Insider Trading Policy. To the extent that any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction
Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall
simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Company understands and confirms
that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.

16

4.8 Use
of Proceeds. The Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the Shares hereunder for working capital purposes and shall not
use such proceeds: (a) for the satisfaction of any portion of the Companys debt (other than payment of trade payables, accrued
expenses and amounts due to employees or contractors in the ordinary course of the Companys business and prior practices), (b)
for the redemption of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, (c) for the settlement of any outstanding litigation or (d) in violation
of FCPA or OFAC regulations.

4.9 Indemnification of Purchasers.
Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.8, the Company will indemnify and hold each Purchaser and its directors, officers,
shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding
such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls such Purchaser (within the meaning of
Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders, agents, members,
partners or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a
lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any
and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid
in settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer
or incur as a result of or relating to (a) any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the
Company in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted against the Purchaser Parties in any
capacity, or any of them or their respective Affiliates, by any stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser
Party, with respect to any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (unless such action is solely based upon a
material breach of such Purchaser Partys representations, warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any
agreements or understandings such Purchaser Party may have with any such stockholder or any violations by such Purchaser Party of
state or federal securities laws or any conduct by such Purchaser Party which is finally judicially determined to constitute fraud,
gross negligence or willful misconduct), the Company will indemnify each Purchaser Party, to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs (including, without limitation, reasonable
attorneys fees) and expenses, as incurred, arising out of or relating to (i) any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a
material fact contained in such registration statement, any prospectus or any form of prospectus or in any amendment or supplement
thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any prospectus or supplement thereto, in
light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading, except to the extent, but only to the extent, that such
untrue statements or omissions are based solely upon information regarding such Purchaser Party furnished in writing to the Company
by such Purchaser Party expressly for use therein, or (ii) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the Securities Act,
the Exchange Act or any state securities law, or any rule or regulation thereunder in connection therewith. If any action shall be
brought against any Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Purchaser Party
shall promptly notify the Company in writing, and the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its
own choosing reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in
any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such
Purchaser Party except to the extent that (x) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (y)
the Company has failed after a reasonable period of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel or (z) in such action there
is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel, a material conflict on any material issue between the position of the Company and the
position of such Purchaser Party, in which case the Company shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more
than one such separate counsel. The Company will not be liable to any Purchaser Party under this Agreement (1) for any settlement by
a Purchaser Party effected without the Companys prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed;
or (2) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss, claim, damage or liability is attributable to any Purchaser Partys
breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by such Purchaser Party in this Agreement or in the
other Transaction Documents. The indemnification required by this Section 4.8 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount
thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or are incurred. The indemnity agreements
contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of action or similar right of any Purchaser Party against the Company or others
and any liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant to law.

17

4.10 Reservation of
Common Stock. As of the date hereof, the Company has reserved and the Company shall continue to reserve and keep available at
all times, free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock and Pre-Funded Warrant Shares pursuant to any
exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants for the purpose of enabling the Company to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement.

4.11 Listing
of Common Stock. (a) The Company hereby agrees to use best efforts to maintain the listing or quotation of the Common Stock on the
Trading Market on which it is currently listed, and concurrently with the Closing, the Company shall apply to list or quote all of the
Shares on such Trading Market and promptly secure the listing of all of the Shares on such Trading Market. The Company further agrees,
if the Company applies to have the Common Stock traded on any other Trading Market, it will then include in such application all of the
Shares and will take such other action as is necessary to cause all of the Shares to be listed or quoted on such other Trading Market
as promptly as possible. The Company will then take all action reasonably necessary to continue the listing and trading of its Common
Stock on a Trading Market and will comply in all respects with the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws
or rules of the Trading Market. The Company agrees to maintain the eligibility of the Common Stock for electronic transfer through the
Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation, including, without limitation, by timely payment of fees to the
Depository Trust Company or such other established clearing corporation in connection with such electronic transfer.

4.12 Subsequent Equity Sales.

(a) Company
Standstill. From the date hereof until one hundred eighty
(180) days after the Closing Date neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall issue, enter into any agreement to issue or announce the
issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, without the prior approval of the largest single
investor in this offering, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. The Largest Single Investor in
this offering shall be defined as the lead investor in the offering. 

(b) For a
period from the date hereof until six months from the Closing Date, the Company shall be prohibited from effecting or entering into
an agreement to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (or a
combination of units thereof) involving a Variable Rate Transaction, without the prior approval of the Largest Single Investor in
this offering, approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Variable Rate Transaction means a
transaction in which the Company (i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or
exercisable for, or include the right to receive additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price
or exchange rate or other price that is based upon and/or varies with the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of Common
Stock at any time after the initial issuance of such debt or equity securities, or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price
that is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence
of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock
or (ii) enters into, or effects a transaction under, any agreement, including,
but not limited to, an equity line of credit or at-the-market offering, whereby the Company may issue securities at a future determined
price.

(c) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, this Section 4.11 shall not apply in respect of (i) an Exempt Issuance, except that no Variable Rate Transaction shall
be an Exempt Issuance.

(d) Exercise
Procedures. The form of Notice of Exercise included in
the Pre-Funded Warrants set forth the totality of the procedures required of the Purchasers in order to exercise the Pre0Funded Warrants.
No additional legal opinion, other information or instructions shall be required of the Purchasers to exercise their Pre-Funded Warrants.
Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or
other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise form be required in order to exercise the Pre-Funded Warrants. The
Company shall honor exercises of the Pre-Funded Warrants and shall deliver Pre-Funded Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms, conditions
and time periods set forth in the Transaction Documents.

18

4.13 Equal
Treatment of Purchasers. No consideration (including any modification of any Transaction Document) shall be offered or paid to any
Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of the Transaction Documents unless the same consideration is
also offered to all of the parties to the Transaction Documents. For clarification purposes, this provision constitutes a separate right
granted to each Purchaser by the Company and negotiated separately by each Purchaser, and is intended for the Company to treat the Purchasers
as a class and shall not in any way be construed as the Purchasers acting in concert or as a group with respect to the purchase, disposition
or voting of Shares or otherwise.

4.14 Certain
Transactions and Confidentiality. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that neither it nor
any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales, including Short Sales
of any of the Companys securities during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at such time that
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section
4.4. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4, such Purchaser
will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction and the information included in the Disclosure Schedules.
Notwithstanding the foregoing and notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly acknowledges
and agrees that (i) no Purchaser makes any representation, warranty or covenant hereby that it will not engage in effecting transactions
in any securities of the Company after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant
to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4, (ii) no Purchaser shall be restricted or prohibited from effecting any transactions
in any securities of the Company in accordance with applicable securities laws from and after the time that the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4 and (iii) no Purchaser
shall have any duty of confidentiality or duty not to trade in the securities of the Company to the Company or its Subsidiaries after
the issuance of the initial press release as described in Section 4.4, except for any duties that such Purchaser may have in another capacity.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers
manage separate portions of such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions
made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the covenant set forth above shall only apply
with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Shares covered
by this Agreement.

4.15 Lock-Up
Agreements. The Company shall not amend, modify, waive or terminate any provision of any of the Lock-Up Agreements except to extend
the term of the lock-up period and shall enforce the provisions of each Lock-Up Agreement in accordance with its terms. If any party to
a Lock-Up Agreement breaches any provision of a Lock-Up Agreement, the Company shall promptly use its best efforts to seek specific performance
of the terms of such Lock-Up Agreement.

ARTICLE V.

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 Termination.
This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchasers obligations hereunder only and without any effect whatsoever
on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties, if the Closing has not been consummated
on or before the fifth (5th) Trading Day following the date hereof; provided, however, that no such termination
will affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties).

5.2 Fees
and Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and expenses
of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation,
preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including, without
limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company, stamp taxes and other taxes
and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Shares to the Purchasers.

19

5.3 Entire
Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, the Prospectus and the Prospectus
Supplement, contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all
prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged
into such documents, exhibits and schedules.

5.4 Notices. Any and all notices or
other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given and
effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the
facsimile number or email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30
p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication
is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages
attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second
(2nd) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d)
upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall
be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto. To the extent that any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document
constitutes, or contains, material, non- public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall
simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.

5.5 Amendments;
Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed,
in the case of an amendment, by the Company and Purchasers which purchased at least 50.1% in interest of the Shares and Pre-Funded Warrants, based on the
initial Subscription Amounts hereunder or, in the case of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement of any such waived
provision is sought, provided that if any amendment, modification or waiver disproportionately and adversely impacts a Purchaser (or
group of Purchasers), the consent of such disproportionately impacted Purchaser (or group of Purchasers) shall also be required. No
waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing
waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor
shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right. Any
proposed amendment or waiver that disproportionately, materially and adversely affects the rights and obligations of any Purchaser
relative to the comparable rights and obligations of the other Purchasers shall require the prior written consent of such adversely
affected Purchaser. Any amendment effected in accordance with this Section 5.5 shall be binding upon each Purchaser and holder of
Shares and the Company.

5.6 Headings.
The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any
of the provisions hereof.

5.7 Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns.
The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Purchaser (other
than by merger). Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom such Purchaser assigns or
transfers any Shares, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred Shares, by the provisions
of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchasers.

5.8 No
Third-Party Beneficiaries. The Placement Agent shall be a third-party beneficiary of the representations and warranties of the Company
in Section 3.1 and the representations and warranties of the Purchasers in Section 3.2. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of
the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be
enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in Section 4.8 and this Section 5.8.

5.9 Governing Law. All questions
concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be governed by and
construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts
of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its
respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in
the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of
the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or
in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of
any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any Action or Proceeding, any claim
that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such Action or Proceeding is improper or is an
inconvenient venue for such Proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process
being served in any such Action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with
evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service
shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any
way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If any party shall commence an Action or Proceeding to enforce
any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the Company under Section 4.8, the prevailing
party in such Action or Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the non-prevailing party for its reasonable attorneys fees and
other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such Action or Proceeding.

20

5.10 Survival.
The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Shares.

5.11 Execution.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement
and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being understood that
the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery
of a .pdf format data file, or by electronic signature such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the
party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or .pdf
signature page or electronic signature were an original thereof.

5.12 Severability.
If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal,
void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force
and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts
to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision,
covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining
terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

5.13 Rescission
and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions of) any of
the other Transaction Documents, whenever any Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction Document and
the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then such Purchaser may rescind or withdraw,
in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election in whole or in part
without prejudice to its future actions and rights.

5.14 Remedies.
In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, each of the Purchasers
and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages may
not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents and hereby
agree to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law would
be adequate.

5.15 Payment
Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document or a Purchaser
enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part
thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by or are required
to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including, without
limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such restoration
the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such
payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

21

5.16 Independent
Nature of Purchasers Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document are several and
not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance or non-performance
of the obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other Transaction Document,
and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as a partnership, an association,
a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way acting in concert or as a group
with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each Purchaser shall be entitled to independently
protect and enforce its rights including, without limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement or out of the other Transaction
Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional party in any Proceeding for such purpose.
Each Purchaser has been represented by its own separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation of the Transaction Documents. For
reasons of administrative convenience only, each Purchaser and its respective counsel have chosen to communicate with the Company through
Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP (Placement Agent Counsel), with offices located at 1185 Avenue of the Americas, 31st
Floor, New York, NY 10036. Placement Agent Counsel does not represent any of the Purchasers and only represents the Placement Agent. The
Company has elected to provide all Purchasers with the same terms and Transaction Documents for the convenience of the Company and not
because it was required or requested to do so by any of the Purchasers. It is expressly understood and agreed that each provision contained
in this Agreement and in each other Transaction Document is between the Company and a Purchaser, solely, and not between the Company and
the Purchasers collectively and not between and among the Purchasers.

5.17 Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted
herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken, or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

5.18 Construction.
The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the Transaction Documents
and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall
not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each and every reference to
share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits,
stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement.

5.19 WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE PARTIES
EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY
AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY.

(Signature Pages Follow)

22

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first
indicated above.

AUTHID INC. Address for Notice:

By: 

Name: Rhon Daguro 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

With a copy to (which shall not constitute
notice): 

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY
LEFT BLANK

SIGNATURE PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]

23

[PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO
AUTHID INC. PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated
above.

Name of Purchase:
____________________________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: ____________________________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: __________________________________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: ___________________________________________________________________

Email Address of Authorized Signatory:____________________________________________________________

Address for Notice to Purchaser:

Address for Delivery of Pre-Funded Warrants to Purchaser (if not same
as address for notice):

Number of Shares:

Pre-Funded Warrant Shares:

DWAC for Registered Shares:

Subscription Amount: $ ___________________

EIN Number: ___________________________

Notwithstanding
anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, by checking this box (i) the obligations of the above-signed to purchase the
securities set forth in this Agreement to be purchased from the Company by the above-signed, and the obligations of the Company to
sell such securities to the above-signed, shall be unconditional and all conditions to Closing shall be disregarded, (ii) the
Closing shall occur on the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of this Agreement and (iii) any condition to
Closing contemplated by this Agreement (but prior to being disregarded by clause (i) above) that required delivery by the Company or
the above-signed of any agreement, instrument, certificate or the like or purchase price (as applicable) shall no longer be a
condition and shall instead be an unconditional obligation of the Company or the above-signed (as applicable) to deliver such
agreement, instrument, certificate or the like or purchase price (as applicable) to such other party on the Closing Date.

[SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE]

24
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea023660501ex10-2_authid.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF PRE-FUNDED WARRANT DATED APRIL 1, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH
THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE
IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND,
ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO
AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE
WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR TO SUCH EFFECT, THE SUBSTANCE OF WHICH
SHALL BE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY.. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED
IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

PRE-FUNDED COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

authid
INC.

Warrant Shares: [*] Issue Date:[*], 2025

THIS PRE-FUNDED COMMON STOCK
PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, [*], or its assigns (the Holder)
is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after
[*], 2025 (the Exercise Date) until this warrant is exercised in full (the Termination Date) but not
thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from authID Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), up to [*] shares
(as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares) of the Companys Common Stock. The purchase price
of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section 1. Definitions.
Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that certain Securities Purchase Agreement
(the Purchase Agreement), dated [*], among the Company and the purchasers signatory thereto.

Section 2. Exercise.

a) Exercise
of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on
or after the Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company (and solely for informational purposes, to
Dominari Securities LLC.) of a duly executed facsimile copy or PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise
in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit A (the Notice of Exercise). Within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Days
and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date
of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice
of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in
Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall
any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all
of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant
to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company.
Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall
have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number
of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the
date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Trading Day of receipt of such
notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of
this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase
hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

b) Exercise
Price. The aggregate exercise price of this Warrant, except for a nominal exercise price of $[0.0001] per Warrant Share, was pre-funded
to the Company on or prior to the Issue Date and, consequently, no additional consideration (other than the nominal exercise price of
$[0.0001] per Warrant Share) shall be required to be paid by the Holder to any Person to effect any exercise of this Warrant. The Holder
shall not be entitled to the return or refund of all, or any portion, of such pre-paid aggregate exercise price under any circumstance
or for any reason whatsoever, including in the event this Warrant shall not have been exercised prior to the Termination Date. The remaining
unpaid exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $[0.0001], subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise
Price).

c) Cashless
Exercise. This Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in
which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A),
where:

(A) = as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of
Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and
delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in
Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option of the Holder, the
VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable
Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered
pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B) = the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the number of
Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were
by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or
quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30
a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York, New York time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted
average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock
is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market
(or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common
Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser
selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company,
the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

If Warrant Shares
are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act,
the Warrant Shares shall take on the characteristics of the Warrants being exercised, and the holding period of the Warrant Shares being
issued may be tacked on to the holding period of this Warrant. Assuming (i) the Holder is not an Affiliate of the Company, and (ii) either
(A) all of the applicable conditions of Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act with respect to Holder and the Warrant Shares are
met in the case of such a cashless exercise or (B) the sale of the Warrant Shares is covered by an effective registration statement and
the prospectus is current, the Company agrees that the Company will cause the removal of the legend from such Warrant Shares (including
by delivering an opinion of the Companys counsel to the Companys transfer agent at its own expense to ensure the foregoing),
and the Company agrees that the Holder is under no obligation to sell the Warrant Shares issuable upon the exercise of the Warrant prior
to removing the legend. The Company agrees not to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c). 

2

d) Mechanics
of Exercise.

i. Delivery
of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer
Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company
through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system
and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant
Shares by the Holder or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale limitations pursuant
to Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys
share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to
such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earliest of (i) two (2) Trading
Days after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise, (ii) one (1) Trading Day after delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price
to the Company and (iii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the
Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder
shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant
has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price
(other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received by the Warrant Share Delivery Date. If the Company fails for any reason to
deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to
the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on
the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day
on the third Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such
Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in
the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period
means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect
to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any
Notice(s) of Exercise delivered on or prior to 12:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Issue Date, which may be delivered at any time after
the time of execution of the Transaction Documents, the Company agrees to deliver the Warrant Shares subject to such notice(s) by 4:00
p.m. (New York City time) on the Issue Date and the Exercise Date shall be the Warrant Share Delivery Date for purposes hereunder, provided
that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received by such Warrant Share Delivery
Date.

ii. Delivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and
upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing
the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects
be identical with this Warrant.

3

iii. Rescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i)
by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise. Provided, however, that the Holder shall
be required to return any Warrant Shares subject to any such rescinded exercise notice concurrently with the return to Holder of the aggregate
Exercise Price paid to the Company for such Warrant Shares and the restoration of Holders right to acquire such Warrant Shares
pursuant to this Warrant (including, issuance of a replacement warrant certificate evidencing such restored right).

iv. Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if
the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section
2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its
broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common
Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise
(a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders
total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained
by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise
at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the
Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored and
return any amount received by the Company in respect of the Exercise Price for those Warrant Shares (in which case such exercise shall
be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely
complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase
price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving
rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay
the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the
Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue
any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or
injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as
required pursuant to the terms hereof. 

v. No Fractional
Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant. As
to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall, at its election,
either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Exercise Price or
round up to the next whole share.

vi. Charges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental
expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant
Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however,
that in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for
exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition
thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent
fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing
corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

4

vii. Closing
of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant,
pursuant to the terms hereof.

e) Holders
Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise
any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise
as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting
as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)),
would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the
number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude
the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant
beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or
nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject
to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its
Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership
shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being
acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d)
of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent
that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other
securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable
shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination
of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution
Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company
shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status
as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the
number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with
the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company
or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the
Company shall within one (1) Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding.
In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of
securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such
number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% (or,
upon election by a Holder prior to the issuance of any Warrants, 9.99%) of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately
after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company,
may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation
in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares
of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any
increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered
to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with
the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended
Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such
limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

5

f) Issuance Limitation.
The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant. Notwithstanding the foregoing and
for avoidance of doubt, to comply with the rules of the Nasdaq Capital Market, Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant,
and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, to the to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance
after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise such Holder or any of its affiliates would beneficially own in excess
of 19.99% of the Common Stock or such lesser percentage required by the Nasdaq Capital Market without first obtaining stockholder approval
in accordance with the Nasdaq Capital Market rules.

Section 3. Certain
Adjustments.

a) Stock
Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes
a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of
Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this
Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse
stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the Common
Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the
numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event
and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of
shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant
shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for
the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective
date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b) Subsequent
Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues or sells
any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of any
class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms
applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number
of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including
without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance
or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are
to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that to the extent that the
Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation,
then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of
Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the
Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). 

c) Pro Rata
Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution
of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including,
without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification,
corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after
the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent
that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise
of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation)
immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the
record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however,
that to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership
of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance
for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation). To the extent that this Warrant has not been partially or completely exercised at the time of such Distribution, such portion
of the Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until the Holder has exercised this Warrant.

6

d) Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while the Warrants are outstanding, the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related
transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another person; directly or indirectly, effects any
sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a
series of related transactions; makes any direct or indirect purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company
or another person) is completed pursuant to which holders of shares of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their
shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the Companys shares of
Common Stock or 50% or more of the total voting power of the Companys shares of Common Stock; directly or indirectly, in
one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of shares of Common Stock or any
compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the shares of Common Stock are effectively converted into or exchanged for other
securities, cash or property, or the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock
or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization,
spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with another person or group of persons whereby such other person or group acquires 50% or more
of the Companys shares of Common Stock or 50% or more of the total voting power of the Companys shares of Common Stock
(each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of a Warrant, the Holder shall have
the right to receive, for each share of Common Stock that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the
occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder, the number of shares of capital stock of the successor or
acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, or depositary shares representing those shares, and any
additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction
by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental
Transaction (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to
such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such
Fundamental Transaction and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner
reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any
choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same
choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary,
in the event of a Fundamental Transaction, other than a merger where the primary purpose is to the change the Companys domicile,
the Company or any Successor Entity (as defined below) shall, at the Holders option, exercisable at any time concurrently with,
or within 30 days after, the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction (or, if later, the date of the public announcement of the applicable
Fundamental Transaction), purchase this Warrant from the Holder by paying to the Holder an amount of cash equal to the Black Scholes Value
(as defined below) of the remaining unexercised portion of this Warrant on the date of the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction;
provided, however, that, if the Fundamental Transaction is not within the Companys control, including not approved by the Companys
Board of Directors, Holder shall only be entitled to receive from the Company or any Successor Entity the same type or form of consideration
(and in the same proportion), at the Black Scholes Value of the unexercised portion of this Warrant, that is being offered and paid to
the holders of shares of Common Stock of the Company in connection with the Fundamental Transaction, whether that consideration be in
the form of cash, stock or any combination thereof, or whether the holders of shares of Common Stock are given the choice to receive from
among alternative forms of consideration in connection with the Fundamental Transaction; provided, further, that if holders of shares
of Common Stock of the Company are not offered or paid any consideration in such Fundamental Transaction, such holders will be deemed
to have received common stock of the Successor Entity (which Entity may be the Company following such Fundamental Transaction) in such
Fundamental Transaction.

7

Black Scholes Value
means the value of this Warrant based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained from the OV function on
Bloomberg determined as of the day of consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction for pricing purposes and reflecting (A) a
risk-free interest rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the time between the date of the public announcement
of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date, (B) an expected volatility equal to the greater of (1)
the 30 day volatility, (2) the 100 day volatility or (3) the 365 day volatility, each of clauses (1)-(3) as obtained from the HVT function
on Bloomberg (determined utilizing a 365 day annualization factor) as of the Trading Day immediately following the public announcement
of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction, (C) the underlying price per share used in such calculation shall be the greater
of (i) the sum of the price per share being offered in cash, if any, plus the value of any non-cash consideration, if any, being offered
in such Fundamental Transaction and (ii) the highest VWAP during the period beginning on the Trading Day immediately preceding the public
announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction (or the consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction, if
earlier) and ending on the Trading Day of the Holders request pursuant to this Section 3(d) and (D) a remaining option time equal
to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date
and (E) a zero cost of borrow. The payment of the Black Scholes Value will be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds (or
such other consideration) within the later of (i) five (5) Business Days of the Holders election and (ii) the date of consummation
of the Fundamental Transaction.

The Company shall cause any successor
entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity), to assume in
writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(d) pursuant to written
agreements in form reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental
Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to such Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity
evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant that is exercisable for a corresponding
number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable
and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental
Transaction and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account
the relative value of the shares of Common Stock prior to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock,
such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value this Warrant had
immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction). Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor
Entity shall be added to the term Company under this Warrant (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction,
the provisions of this Warrant referring to the Company shall refer instead to each of the Company and the Successor Entity
or Successor Entities, jointly and severally with the Company), and may exercise every right and power of the Company prior thereto and
the Successor Entity or Successor Entities shall assume all of the obligations of the Company prior thereto under this Warrant with the
same effect as if the Company and such Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally, had been named as the Company herein. 

e) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes
of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the
number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding. For the avoidance of doubt, the Holder shall
be entitled to the benefits of the provisions of this Section 3(e) regardless of (i) whether the Company has sufficient authorized shares
of Common Stock for the issuance of Warrant Shares and/or (ii) whether a Fundamental Transaction occurs prior to the Exercise Date.

8

f) Notice
to Holder.

i. Adjustment
to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly
deliver to the Holder by facsimile or email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment
to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii. Notice
to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common
Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall
authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock
of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification
of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of
the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property,
or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company,
then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by facsimile or email to the Holder at its last facsimile number or email
address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective
date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution,
redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be
entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected
that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other
property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to
deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to
be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information
regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a
Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such
notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

Section 4. Transfer
of Warrant.

a) Transferability.
Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d) hereof and to the provisions of
Section 4.1 of the Purchase Agreement, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights)
are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent,
together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent
or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required,
such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable,
and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing
the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full,
in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers
an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised
by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

9

b) New Warrants.
This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company, together
with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent
or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination, the Company
shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance with
such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the Issue Date of this Warrant and shall be identical with this
Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c) Warrant
Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant
Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder
of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other
purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

d) Transfer
Restrictions. If, at the time of the surrender of this Warrant in connection with any transfer of this Warrant, the transfer of this
Warrant shall not be either (i) registered pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and under applicable
state securities or blue sky laws or (ii) eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current public information
requirements pursuant to Rule 144, the Company may require, as a condition of allowing such transfer, that the Holder or transferee of
this Warrant, as the case may be, comply with the provisions of Section 5.7 of the Purchase Agreement.

e) Representation
by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant and, upon any exercise
hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or
reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, except pursuant
to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act.

Section 5. Miscellaneous.

a) No Rights
as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or
other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set forth
in Section 3. Without limiting the rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise, and to receive the
cash payments contemplated pursuant to Sections 2(d)(i) and 2(d)(iv), in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle an exercise
of this Warrant.

b) Loss,
Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case
of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include
the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make
and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

c) Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted
herein shall not be a Trading Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading Day.

10

d) Authorized
Shares.

The Company covenants
that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number
of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further
covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the
necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action
as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation,
or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares
which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented
by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable
and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any
transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except and to the
extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its articles
of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or
any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all
times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate
to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the
Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior
to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and
legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts
to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary
to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before taking any
action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price,
the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory
body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e) Jurisdiction.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance
with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

f) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and the Holder does not
utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g) Non-waiver
and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as
a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies, notwithstanding the fact that the right to
exercise this Warrant terminates on the Termination Date. No provision of this Warrant shall be construed as a waiver by the Holder of
any rights which the Holder may have under the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder. Without
limiting any other provision of this Warrant or the Purchase Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any
provision of this Warrant, which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall
be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate
proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers
or remedies hereunder. 

11

h) Notices.
Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall be delivered in
accordance with the notice provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

i) Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the
Company.

j) Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any
action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k) Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder.
The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable
by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l) Amendment.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company, on the one hand, and
the Holder of this Warrant, on the other hand.

m) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

n) Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

(Signature Page Follows)

12

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

AUTHID INC.

By: 

Name: Rhon Daguro

Title: Chief Executive Officer

13

EXHIBIT A

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

TO: AUTHID INC.

(1) The undersigned hereby elects
to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant dated [*] (only if exercised in full),
and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment shall take the form
of (check applicable box):

in lawful money of the United States;
or

if permitted the cancellation of
such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection 2(c), to exercise this Warrant with
respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3) Please issue said Warrant
Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account
Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

(4) Accredited Investor.
The undersigned is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

[SIGNATURE OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: 

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: 

Name of Authorized Signatory: 

Title of Authorized Signatory: 

Date: 

14

EXHIBIT B

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing
Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to exercise the Warrant to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing
Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please Print)

Address: 

(Please Print)

Phone Number: 

Email Address: 

Dated: _______________ __, ______ 

Holders Signature: 

Holders Address: 

15
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ea023660501ex10-3_authid.htm
<DESCRIPTION>ENGAGEMENT AGREEMENT DATED AS OF MARCH 12, 2025 BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND MADISON GLOBAL PARTNERS, LLC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

Madison Global Partners, LLC

Member FINRA

350 Motor Parkway, Suite 205

Hauppauge, NY 11788

T (646) 690-0330

F (646) 690-0340

March 12, 2025

Rhon Daguro, CEO

authID Inc.

1580 N. Logan St, Suite 660, Unit 51767

Denver, CO 80203

Dear Mr. Daguro,

This letter agreement (this Agreement)
shall confirm the engagement of Madison Global Partners, LLC, a FINRA member (the Advisor), as exclusive advisor
and agent to authID Inc. (the Company), to perform the corporate finance advisory and related services provided for
herein. The Company, as defined herein, shall include authID Inc., its subsidiaries, affiliates and any entities it may form, merge into,
be acquired by, or invest in. Unless this Agreement is cancelled by either party pursuant to the terms hereof, the term of this Agreement
shall run from the date of receipt by Advisor of the Companys signed acceptance of this Agreement, until six (6) months thereafter,
and will then automatically extend on a month-to-month basis thereafter (Term). Additionally, the Advisor represents
and warrants that it is a registered broker-dealer under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act).
This Agreement may be terminated by either party as provided in the paragraph entitled Termination of Agreement.

I. Scope of Services:

The corporate advisory and agency services that
may be performed by the Advisor relate to the types of Transactions (as defined below) with any individual or entity introduced or identified
by or on behalf of Advisor or Company, or who is in contact with or is contacted by Advisor or Company during the Term (individually or
collectively, a Covered Party). For the avoidance of doubt, Covered Party will also include all investors from the May 2023, November
2023, and June 2024 financings, as well as officers and directors of the Company and parties referred to Advisor by the Company
or Covered Party.

In connection with this engagement, Advisor will
provide the Company with financial advice and assistance in connection with a potential Transaction(s) (as defined below), including,
all services as the Company and Advisor mutually determine to be appropriate as described below in the Description of Services
section of this Agreement.

This Agreement does not constitute a legal or
binding commitment by the Advisor to purchase any securities of the Company or introduce the Company to any third party, nor does this
Agreement constitute a representation or warranty on the part of the Advisor that any Transactions will be consummated. The Company acknowledges
and agrees that the Advisor is only required to use its commercially reasonable efforts in connection with its activities
hereunder, which Advisor will, in its sole discretion, determine.

March 12, 2025

Page 2

As used in this Agreement, the term Transaction
shall include, but specifically not be limited to or by:

(a) (i) an offering and sale of
registered securities in a follow-on offering or pursuant to the Companys existing shelf registration statement and/or (ii) a
private offering and sale by the Company, in either or both cases to one or more Covered Parties who are accredited investors
as defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D under the Securities Act, conducted as either a registered offering or a private placement pursuant
to Rule 506(b) or (c) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) or
pursuant to other applicable U.S. or foreign securities laws, rules and regulations, or any registered offering and sale of Company securities
in which the Advisor acts an underwriter or placement agent on a best efforts basis including, without, limitation, a placement of equity,
equity-linked, debt (including notes, bonds or other debt securities, as well as loans provided by financial institutions that are not
deemed to be securities under applicable law), convertible securities or other financial instruments in such amounts as
the parties may agree upon (collectively, Securities)

(b) a strategic alliance (a Strategic
Alliance) that involves a definitive agreement with a Covered Party that may, either directly or indirectly, enter into any
type of sales, marketing and/or management agreement that provides capital to the Company;

II. Description of Services:

The Advisor will, to the extent requested by the
Company, assist the Company in analyzing potential Transactions according to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. In this regard,
the Advisor may undertake certain activities on behalf of the Company, including the following:

(a) analyzing Transaction options
available to the Company;

(b) counseling the Company as to
strategy and tactics for effecting one or more potential Transactions;

(c) advising the Company as to
the structure and form of a possible Transaction, including the form of any agreements related thereto;

(d) assisting the Company in obtaining
appropriate information and in preparing due diligence presentations related to a potential Transaction;

(e) introducing the Company to
Covered Parties, namely institutional or family office investors, accredited individual investors, strategic, or financial investors;

(f) assisting in negotiations related
to a potential Transaction, as may be appropriate, on behalf of the Company;

(g) assisting to identify, retain
and work with an outside advisor on any valuation or fairness opinion that may be necessary; and

(h) rendering such other customary
financial advisory and investment banking services as may from time to time be agreed upon by the Company and the Advisor.

March
12, 2025

Page 3

III. Non-Exclusivity:

The Company agrees that no other financial advisor is or will be authorized by it during the Term of this Agreement to perform services
on the Companys behalf of the type described hereunder or which Advisor is otherwise authorized to perform hereunder. No fee payable
to any other financial legal, or other advisor either by the Company or any other entity shall reduce or otherwise affect the fees payable
hereunder to Advisor, except as otherwise agreed to in writing by Advisor. In order to coordinate our efforts with respect to a possible
Transaction, during the period of our engagement hereunder neither the Company nor any representative thereof (other than Advisor) will
engage in discussions with a Covered Party regarding a Transaction except through Advisor but Advisor acknowledges that some Covered Parties
are existing stockholders of Company and that Company will engage with its stockholders directly regarding a possible or eventual Transaction.
If the Company or its management receives an inquiry regarding a Transaction, it will promptly inform Advisor in writing of such inquiry.
For the avoidance of doubt nothing herein (i.e. any direct communication by Company with stockholders or other Covered Parties) shall
affect Advisors entitlement to receive Fees in respect of the participation by any Covered Party in a Transaction.

IV. Confidentiality:

Advisor is being retained to serve as financial
advisor and financing agent solely to the Company, and it is agreed that the engagement of Advisor is not, and shall not be deemed to
be, on behalf of, and is not intended to, and will not, confer rights or benefits upon any shareholder or creditor of the Company or upon
any other person or entity. No one other than the Company is authorized to rely upon this engagement of Advisor or any statements, conduct
or advice of Advisor, and no one other than the Company is intended to be a beneficiary of this engagement. All opinions, advice or other
assistance (whether written or oral) given by Advisor in connection with this engagement are intended solely for the benefit and use of
the Company and will be treated by the Company as confidential, and no opinion, advice or other assistance of Advisor shall be used for
any other purpose or reproduced, disseminated, quoted or referred to at any time, in any manner or for any purpose, nor shall any public
or other references to Advisor (or to such opinions, advice or other assistance) be made without the express prior written consent of
Advisor. Advisor shall not provide any legal, accounting, regulatory or tax advice with respect to any Transaction, and the Company shall
consult its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent the Company deems appropriate.

V. Closing: 

The closing of a Transaction (Closing)
shall be deemed to occur on the date on which the Company receives or pays, or its shareholders receive, as applicable, the funds, securities
or other consideration in respect of the Transaction (including, if applicable, in connection with any Transaction that has multiple closings
or payments made over a period of time, the date of any such closings or payments being a Closing for purposes hereof).

VI. Information Furnished by the Company:

The Company agrees to furnish Advisor with all
financial and other information and data as Advisor reasonably requests and believes appropriate in connection with its activities on
the Companys behalf, and shall provide Advisor full access to its officers, directors, employees and professional advisors as appropriate.
The Company agrees that it and its counsel will be solely responsible for ensuring that the Transaction complies in all respects with
applicable law. The Company represents and warrants that any written or oral communication with Advisor at all times through Closing,
will not contain any untrue statement of material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to
make the statements contained therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company will promptly
notify Advisor if it learns of any material inaccuracy or misstatement in, or material omission from, any information theretofore delivered
to Advisor. The Company recognizes and confirms that Advisor, in connection with performing its services hereunder, (i) will be relying
without investigation upon all information that is available from public sources or supplied to it by or on behalf of the Company or its
advisors, (ii) will not in any respect be responsible for the accuracy or completeness of, or have any obligation to verify, the same
and (iii) will not conduct any appraisal of any assets of the Company. The Company will also cause to be furnished to Advisor at the Closing
copies of such agreements, opinions, certificates and other documents delivered at the Closing as Advisor may reasonably request. With
respect to any financial forecasts and projections made available to Advisor by or on behalf of the Company or any counterparty and used
by Advisor in its analysis, Advisor shall be entitled to assume that such forecasts and projections have been reasonably prepared on bases
reflecting the best currently available estimates and judgments of the management of the Company or such counterparty, as the case may
be, as to the matters covered thereby. Advisor agrees to maintain the confidentiality of all confidential information including material
non-public information provided to Advisor by Company and not to disclose or publish any information regarding the Company whether to
Covered Parties, or otherwise which has not been previously approved by the Company in writing for disclosure.

March
12, 2025

Page 4

VII. Waiver of Conflicts:

The Company acknowledges that Advisor and its
affiliates have and will continue to have investment banking and other relationships with parties other than the Company pursuant to which
Advisor may acquire information of interest to the Company. Advisor shall have no obligation to disclose such information to the Company,
or to use such information in connection with any contemplated transaction.

Advisor and its affiliates are engaged in securities
trading and brokerage activities as well as investment banking and financial advisory services. In the ordinary course of their trading
and brokerage activities, Advisor and its affiliates may hold positions, for their own account or the account of customers, in equity,
debt or other securities of the Company or any other company that may be involved in any Transaction. In addition, the Company acknowledges
and agrees that Advisor and its affiliates may provide or offer to provide financing to third parties in connection with or related to
a Transaction. Advisor will conduct such activities in accordance with its customary client confidentiality policies.

The Company recognizes that Advisor is being engaged
hereunder to provide the services described above only to the Company and to all other parties, if any, who execute this Agreement in
specified other capacities and is not acting as an agent or a fiduciary of, and shall have no duties or liability to, the equity holders
of the Company, its stockholders or any third party in connection with its engagement hereunder, all of which are hereby expressly waived.
No one other than the Company (and such other parties in such capacities, if any) is authorized to rely upon the engagement of Advisor
hereunder or any statements, advice, opinions or conduct by Advisor.

Upon termination of this Agreement (as provided
for in the Termination of Agreement section of this Agreement), the Company agrees to release Advisor with respect to the
provision of future corporate finance services to any shareholder or affiliate of the Company or Covered Party. Such services may include,
but not be limited to, those described in this Agreement.

VIII. Fees and Expenses:

With respect to the services rendered hereunder,
the following describes the fees and expense reimbursements that the Company agrees to pay the Advisor:

(a) (i) A one-time non-refundable advisory
fee (Advisory Fee) of $50,000 payable upon the signing of this Agreement,
for initial due diligence and transaction review; and, (ii) a one-time payment of $30,000
payable at the closing of the first Transaction, in addition to the Transaction Fee.

March
12, 2025

Page 5

(b) A fee (a Transaction Fee) payable at the Closing of each respective Transaction that
the Company and the Advisor consummates shall be in an amount as set forth in the below and the Schedules attached hereto:

(i) In the event that the Company proceeds with a Private Placement, the Advisor will assist the Company with
preparation of an information package, identify potential investors, and negotiate the terms and funding of the Transaction. At Closing
of a Private Placement, the Company will pay the Advisor a cash fee equal to a percentage of the Placement Amount, or at the Advisors
option, a percentage of the same security privately placed, according to Schedule A attached hereto, for equity (or securities
convertible, exchangeable or redeemable into equity), also for mezzanine capital (includes non-convertible senior debt with an equity
component or subordinated debt with or without an equity component).

It is expressly agreed that the term
Placement Amount shall include, and the Advisor shall be entitled to receive a Transaction Fee under this paragraph with
respect to, all cash receipts actually received by the Company at any time from the exercise of warrants or options issued to Covered
Parties pursuant to a Transaction;

(ii) In the event that the Company proceeds with a Strategic Alliance during the Term, the Advisor will assist
the Company with the analysis and negotiation of terms of a sale, marketing and/or management agreement, as the Company may require. At
Closing of the Strategic Alliance, the Company will pay the Advisor a fee equal to a percentage of the value to the Company of the Strategic
Alliance (Strategic Alliance Value), according to Schedule A attached hereto. Such Strategic Alliance Value
shall include any capital investment made into the Company or entity owned in whole or part by the Company, and/or other items as may
be mutually agreed upon in good faith by the parties hereto. The Company and the Advisor shall in good faith agree at Closing on the value
of any such non-cash consideration that is included in the value of a Strategic Alliance;

(c) Upon each closing of the sale or issuance of any securities, related to any of the aforementioned Transactions,
the Company shall thereupon issue and sell, for $0.0001 per Placement Warrant (as defined below), to the Advisor and/or its designees,
five (5) year warrants to purchase such number of the same Securities issued in any of the aforementioned Transactions; or, at the Advisors
option warrants exercisable into the Companys common stock, as shall equal seven percent (7%) of the number of such US dollar value
of Securities issued to Covered Parties, with an exercise price equal to the price paid by the investor(s) for the Securities; or, exercisable
at (i) a price equal to the Transaction Value on a per share basis; or, (ii) if any warrants are issued as part of the Transaction, the
strike price of any warrants received by the investor(s) or any Covered Party for the Securities, whichever is lower (the Placement
Warrant). The Placement Warrant shall be in a usual and customary form reasonably acceptable to the Advisor and the Company. The
Placement Warrants shall have substantially similar registration rights as are granted to the Covered Parties. This Agreement shall also
entitle the Advisor to full, unconditional piggyback registration rights with customary holdback obligations. The Company agrees that,
for a period of five (5) years from the date of the closing, if the Company intends to file a Registration Statement for the public sale
of securities, and if so requested, it will include therein material to permit a public offering of the securities into which the Placement
Warrants are exercisable at the expense of the Company. If the Company is a reporting company or is required to file periodic reports
with the Securities and Exchange Commission, for a period of five (5) years upon written demand of the majority of the Placement Warrant
holders, the Company agrees, on one occasion to promptly register the securities into which the Placement Warrants are exercisable at
the expense of the Company. The Placement Warrant shall also contain a customary cashless exercise feature commencing six (6) months after
issuance unless the underlying shares are registered for resale pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act.

March
12, 2025

Page 6

(d) Notwithstanding, any other fees, the Company agrees to promptly reimburse Advisor upon request from time
to time and submission of appropriate substantiation, for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Advisor in connection with
the matters contemplated by this Agreement, comprising, transportation, lodging and meals to the extent incurred on travel undertaken
at the request of the Company, legal counsel and other professional advisor fees and expenses incurred in connection with a Transaction.
The Company shall not be required to reimburse Advisor for expenses in excess of $100,000 in the aggregate without the Companys consent
in writing (which may be by email), which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. Nothing in the preceding sentence shall in any way
limit the Companys obligations to Advisor.

IX. Termination of Agreement:

This Agreement may be terminated by either party
upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to the other party, but only following the date which is sixty (60) days following the effective
date of this Agreement. Termination shall be deemed effective on the earlier of thirty (30) days following that date of such written notice
or as mutually agreed upon by Company and Advisor (Termination). The Advisor shall also have the right to terminate
this Agreement after completion of its due diligence review of the Company. No termination or alleged termination of this Agreement shall
affect the Advisors rights to receive a Transaction Fee to the extent earned prior to termination. In addition, promptly following
any termination of this Agreement for any reason, the Company shall reimburse the Advisor for, or otherwise pay and bear, the reasonable
expenses and fees to be paid and borne by the Company as provided for and subject to the provisions of the Fees and Expenses
section above.

X. Future Transaction:

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, if any Covered Party (or their respective affiliates), which is not an Excluded Party
(or their respective affiliates) consummates a Transaction with the Company where Advisor is not the financial advisor, at any time within
twelve (12) months of the earlier of (a) the final Closing of a Transaction hereunder, or (b) Termination or expiration of the Term, as
extended, if extended, the Company agrees to promptly pay the Advisor according to the Fees and Expenses section of this Agreement. A
Transaction shall be deemed consummated before such date if any agreement in principle which includes material terms of such Transaction
is reached prior to such date even if the closing occurs later. Within thirty (30) days following the Termination or expiration of the
Term, Advisor shall deliver to the Company a list of Covered Parties, which list shall establish the basis for compensation under the provisions
of the Agreement following the expiration of the Term. For the avoidance of doubt, it is expressly agreed that the foregoing shall apply
to the exercise of any rights by any Covered Party in the Offering of any right (granted pursuant to the Offering) to participate in any
subsequent registered or unregistered offering of Company securities during such 12 month period. For the purposes of this Section X,
an Excluded Party shall mean an institution, or family office (including their respective affiliates) which is introduced
to Advisor by or on behalf of the Company as set forth in the Excluded Party list annexed hereto on Schedule B. Other than as set forth
on Schedule B, no other Excluded Partys shall be permitted. For the sake of clarity, the Excluded Party window shall begin upon
expiration of the Term, as further defined hereinabove.

March
12, 2025

Page 7

XI. Governing Law and Jurisdiction:

This Agreement is governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to its choice of law provisions. The Advisor and the Company: (i) agree
that any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement and/or the Transactions contemplated hereby shall
be instituted exclusively in New York Supreme Court, County of New York, or in the United States District Court for the Southern District
of New York, (ii) waive any objection which they may have or hereafter to the venue of any such suit, action or proceeding, and (iii)
irrevocably consent to the jurisdiction of the New York Supreme Court, County of New York, and the United States District Court for the
Southern District of New York in any such suit, action or proceeding. The Advisor and the Company hereby expressly waive all rights to
trial by jury in any suit, action or proceeding arising under this Agreement. The Advisor and the Company further agree to accept and
acknowledge service of any and all process which may be served in any such suit, action or proceeding in the New York Supreme Court, County
of New York, or in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York and agree that service of process upon the Company
sent by certified mail or private carrier (Federal Express, UPS or equivalent) to the Companys address shall be deemed in every
respect effective service of process upon the Company, in any such suit, action or proceeding, and service of process upon the Advisor
mailed by certified mail to the Advisors address shall be deemed in every respect effective service of process upon the Advisor,
in any such suit, action or proceeding

XII. No Rights in Shareholders, etc.:

The Company recognizes that Advisor has been engaged
only by the Company, and that the Companys engagement of Advisor is not deemed to be on behalf of and is not intended to confer
rights upon any shareholder, partner, member or other owner or security holder of the Company or any other person not a party hereto as
against Advisor or any of its affiliates or any of their respective directors, officers, agents, employees or representatives. No one
other than the Company is authorized to rely upon the Companys engagement of Advisor or any statements, advice, opinions or conduct
by Advisor. The Company will not disclose such statements, advice, opinions or conduct to others (except (i) the Companys legal
advisors and (ii) other than as set forth elsewhere in this Agreement, as required by law; provided however that in the event such disclosure
is required by law, the Company will, unless specifically prohibited by law, first provide Advisor with prompt prior written notice of
such requirement so that Advisor may seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy and/or waive compliance with the provisions of
this sentence; and provided further that, in the event that Advisor is unable to obtain such protective order or other appropriate remedy,
the Company will (i) furnish only that portion of such information which the Company is advised by opinion of external counsel is legally
required, (ii) give Advisor written notice of the information to be disclosed as far in advance as practicable, and (iii) exercise its
commercially reasonable efforts to obtain a protective order or other reliable assurance that confidential treatment will be accorded
such information so disclosed).

Without limiting the foregoing, any opinions or
advice rendered to the Companys Board of Directors or the Companys management in the course of the Companys engagement
of Advisor are solely for the purpose of assisting such Board of Directors or management, as the case may be, in evaluating any Transaction
and do not constitute a recommendation to any director of the Company not based on the recommendation of the Company, and any shareholder
partner, member or other owner or security holder of the Company concerning action that such shareholder, partner, member or other owner
or security holder of the Company might or should take in connection with any Transaction. Advisors role herein is that of an independent
contractor; nothing herein is intended to create or shall be construed as creating a fiduciary or agency relationship between Advisor
and the Company or any of the Companys security holders, creditors, employees or other stakeholders. The Company agrees that it
shall not make, and hereby waives, any claim based on an assertion of such an agency or fiduciary relationship.

XIII. Miscellaneous:

(a) All payments and reimbursements of expenses payable hereunder shall be made in U.S. dollars in immediately
available funds.

(b) This Agreement contains all of the understandings between the parties hereto with reference to the subject
matter hereof. No other understanding not specifically referred to herein, oral or otherwise, shall be deemed to exist or bind any of
the parties hereto and any such understandings, oral or otherwise, not specifically referred to herein shall be merged into this Agreement
and superseded by the provisions hereof.

March
12, 2025

Page 8

(c) No officer or employee of any party has any authority to make any representation or promise not contained
herein.

(d) Following the Closing of a Transaction and its public disclosure by the Company, Advisor shall have the
right, at its own expense, to publish an advertisement and case study describing the Transaction, which may include only information which
has previously been publicly disclosed by the Company, the reproduction of the Companys logo, a brief description of the Transaction
and a link to the Companys website. If requested by Advisor, the Company agrees to include a mutually acceptable reference to Advisor
in any press release or other public announcement made by the Company regarding a Transaction as contemplated herein.

(e) This Agreement cannot be amended or modified except by a written instrument signed by each party hereto.

(f) The provisions of this Agreement shall apply to the engagement of Advisor by the Company (including related
activities prior to the date hereof) and any modification thereof and those provisions which are intended to survive termination of this
Agreement, shall remain in full force and effect regardless of the completion or termination of such engagement as provided for herein.

(g) If any term, provision, covenant or restriction herein is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to
be invalid, void or unenforceable or against public policy, the remainder of the terms, provisions and restrictions contained herein shall
remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated.

(h) Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the Company agrees that neither the Advisor
nor its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents and representatives or each other person controlling the Advisor or any of
such individuals or entities, shall have any liability (whether direct or indirect, in contract or tort or otherwise) to the Company for
or in connection with the engagement and Transactions described herein except for any such liability for losses, claims, damages or liabilities
incurred by us that are finally judicially determined to have resulted from the willful misconduct or gross negligence of such individuals
or entities.

(i) The USA PATRIOT ACT and other applicable anti-money laundering rules and regulations (collectively, AML
Provisions) are designed to detect, deter and punish money laundering and terrorist financing activities in the U.S. and abroad.
In accordance with the requirements imposed on the Advisor under the AML Provisions by FINRA and other authorities with jurisdiction over
the Advisor, Advisor may ask Company to provide various identification documents and/or other information during the transaction process.

(j) This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, which counterparts may be
executed and delivered by facsimile or email/.pdf transmission, which shall not impair the validity of such execution or delivery.

XIV. Indemnification:

Recognizing that Advisor, in providing the services
contemplated hereby, will be acting as representative of and relying on information provided by the Company, the Company agrees to the
provisions of Attachment A attached hereto.

XV. No Limitations:

Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to
limit the ability of the Advisor or its affiliates to (a) trade in the Companys or any other companys securities or publish
research on the Company or any other company, subject to applicable law, or (b) pursue or engage in investment banking, financial advisory
or other business relationships with entities that may be engaged in or contemplate engaging in, or acquiring, merging with, partnering
with, or disposing of, businesses that are similar to or competitive with the business of the Company. Advisor hereby confirms that it
has established internal policies and procedures that are reasonably designed to, and that require it to restrict the flow of material
non-public information and maintain such information relating to the Company confidentially, to the extent applicable to Advisor in connection
with its activities hereunder and that it will throughout the term of this Agreement maintain and enforce such policies and procedures.

If this Agreement meets with your approval, please
indicate your acceptance of the above by signing where indicated below and returning this Agreement by facsimile and/or the original by
mail to the undersigned.

[Signature Page Immediately
Below]

March
12, 2025

Page 9

Thank you for the opportunity to be of service.

Sincerely,

MADISON GLOBAL PARTNERS, LLC 

By:
/s/ David S. Kaplan 

David S. Kaplan, Managing Partner 

AGREED AND ACCEPTED:

The foregoing accurately sets forth our understanding
and agreement with respect to the matters set forth herein.

AUTHID INC. 

By: /s/ Rhon Daguro 

Name: Mr. Rhon Daguro, CEO 

Date: March 12, 2025

[Signature Page to Engagement
Agreement]

March
12, 2025

Page 10

SCHEDULE A

For Amounts Raised (in millions) Fee 

7.00 %

March
12, 2025

Page 11

SCHEDULE B

Excluded Parties:

1. 3i Fund / 3i Management LLC

2. Ardara Capital LP

3. Aryton Capital, LLC

4. Auctus Fund Management LLC

5. Bard Associates, Inc.

6. Bleichroeder LP

7. C6 Capital, LLC

8. Cedar Holdings

9. Constitution Research

10. Enstatite

11. Glass Creek Partners, Inc.

12. Granite Alpha / Granite Point Capital

13. Herald Investment Management

14. Kestrel Merchant Partners

15. Keystone Capital Partners LLC

16. LegendCap Opportunity Fund LLC

17. Manatuck Hill Partners LLC

18. MNS Investments LLC

19. MYDA Advisors LLC

20. New Circle Capital

21. Peak Rock Capital

22. Pinnacle Family Office

23. Rail Splitter Capital

24. Samjo Capital

25. Sinnet Capital

26. Lampe, Conway & Co. LLC / TEC Advisors, LLC

27. The Lind
Partners, LLC 

28. Wolfson Group

March
12, 2025

Page 12

ATTACHMENT A

INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT

This Indemnification Agreement
(the Agreement), dated March 12, 2025 is made by and between authID Inc. and its related entities (collectively, the Company)
and Madison Global Partners, LLC (Advisor).

In consideration of the services
to be provided by Advisor under the engagement agreement to which this Agreement is attached (the Engagement Agreement),
the Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Advisor and its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents and representatives
and each other person controlling the Advisor any of such individuals or entities (each an Indemnified Person) from
and against all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs or expenses, including those resulting from any threatened or pending investigation,
action, proceeding or dispute whether or not the Advisor or any such other Indemnified Person is a party to such investigation, action,
proceeding or dispute, arising out of the Advisors entering into or performing services under the Engagement Agreement, or arising
out of any matter referred to in the Engagement Agreement or this Agreement. This indemnity shall also include the Advisors and/or
any such other Indemnified Persons reasonable attorneys and accountants fees and out-of-pocket expenses incurred in such investigations,
actions, proceedings or disputes which fees, expenses and costs shall be periodically reimbursed to the Advisor and/or to any such other
Indemnified Person by the Company as they are incurred; provided, however, that the indemnity herein set forth shall not apply to an Indemnified
Person where a court of competent jurisdiction has made a final determination that such Indemnified Person engaged in willful misconduct
or gross negligence in the performance of the services hereunder which gave rise to the loss, claim, damage, liability, cost or expense
sought to be recovered hereunder (but pending any such final determination the indemnification and reimbursement provisions hereinabove
set forth shall apply and the Company shall perform its obligations hereunder to reimburse the Advisor and/or each such other Indemnified
Person periodically for its, his or their fees, expenses and costs as they are incurred).

If for any reason, the foregoing
indemnification is unavailable to the Advisor or any such other Indemnified Person or insufficient to hold it harmless, then the Company
shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by the Advisor or any such other Indemnified Person as a result of such loss, claim, damage
or liability in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits received by the Company and its shareholders
on the one hand and the Advisor or any such other Indemnified Person on the other hand, but also the relative fault of the Company and
the Advisor or any such other Indemnified Person, as well as any relevant equitable considerations; provided that in no event will the
aggregate contribution by the Advisor and any such other Indemnified Person hereunder exceed the amount of fees actually received by the
Advisor pursuant to this Agreement. The reimbursement, indemnity and contribution obligations of the Company hereinabove set forth shall
be in addition to any liability which the Company may otherwise have and these obligations and the other provisions hereinabove set forth
shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of any successors, assigns, heirs and personal representatives of the Company, the Advisor
and any other Indemnified Person.

The parties will not, without
the prior written consent of the other party, settle (or facilitate or participate in the settlement of, it being understood that settlement
discussions themselves shall not be deemed to violate this clause) any litigation relating to the parties engagement hereunder
unless such settlement includes an express, complete and unconditional release of the other party and all of Advisors Indemnified
Persons with respect to all claims asserted in such litigation or relating to the parties engagement hereunder; such release to
be set forth in an instrument signed by all parties to such settlement.

Prior to entering into any
agreement or arrangement with respect to, or effecting, any proposed sale, exchange, dividend or other distribution or liquidation of
all or a significant portion of the Companys assets in one or a series of transactions or any significant recapitalization or reclassification
of the Companys outstanding securities that does not directly or indirectly provide for the assumption of the Companys obligations
set forth in this Agreement, including without limitation this Schedule A, the Company will notify Advisor in writing thereof and, if
requested by Advisor, shall arrange in connection therewith alternative means of providing for the obligations of the Company hereunder,
including the assumption of such obligations by another party, insurance, surety bonds or the creation of an escrow, in each case in an
amount and upon terms and conditions mutually satisfactory to both parties.

The terms and conditions this
Agreement shall survive the termination and expiration of this Engagement Agreement and shall continue indefinitely thereafter.

MADISON GLOBAL PARTNERS, LLC, 

By: /s/ David S. Kaplan 

David S. Kaplan, Managing Partner 

AUTHID Inc. 

By: /s/ Rhon Daguro 

Rhon Daguro, CEO 

[Signature Page to Indemnification Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ea023660501ex10-4_authid.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT TO THE ENGAGEMENT AGREEMENT DATED AS OF MARCH 26, 2025 BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND MADISON GLOBAL PARTNERS, LLC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.4

First Amendment to Engagement Letter
Agreement

This First Amendment to that certain Letter Agreement
(defined below) is dated March 26, 2025 (this First Amendment), and is entered into by and between Madison
Global Partners, LLC (Madison) and authID Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company,
and together with Madison, the Parties, and each, a Party).

WHEREAS, the Parties
previously entered into that certain Engagement Letter Agreement, dated March 12, 2025 (the Letter Agreement );

WHEREAS, the Parties
hereto desire to further amend the Letter Agreement in this First Amendment on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the foregoing and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged,
the Parties agree as follows:

1. Definitions.
Capitalized terms used and not defined in this First Amendment have the respective meanings assigned to them in the Letter Agreement.

2. Amendments
to the Letter Agreement. The Letter Agreement is hereby amended or modified as follows:

(a) Paragraph
1 of the Letter Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with following:

This letter agreement (the
Agreement) shall confirm the engagement of Madison Global Partners, LLC, a FINRA member (the Advisor) as
Co-Placement Agent during the Term as further described in the Engagement Agreement between Dominari Securities LLC and authID Inc,
(the Dominari Agreement) to perform the corporate finance advisory and related services provided for herein. The
Company, as defined herein, shall include authID Inc., its subsidiaries, affiliates and any entities it may form, merge into, be
acquired by, or invest in. Unless this Agreement is cancelled by either party pursuant to the terms hereof, the term of this
Agreement shall run from the date of receipt by Advisor of the Companys signed acceptance of this Agreement, until six (6)
months thereafter, and will then automatically extend on a month-to-month basis thereafter (Term). Additionally, the
Advisor represents and warrants that it is a registered broker-dealer under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the
Exchange Act). This Agreement may be terminated by either party as provided in the paragraph entitled
Termination of Agreement.

(b) Section
X of the Letter Agreement is amended to include the following sentence at the end of the paragraph:

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Advisor shall also
be entitled to a cash fee of three (3) percent and warrants to purchase three (3) percent of the securities offered in the offering
by the Company for any financing deal the Company consummates with Dominari Securities LLC, with respect to the gross proceeds of
investment by investors introduced to the Company by Dominari Securities, LLC from the date hereof through Dominari Securities
LLCs ROFR period. The Company acknowledges that Dominari Securities LLC and any party introduced by Dominari Securities LLC
shall be considered a Covered Party as defined by the Letter Agreement as referenced above, and, if Dominari Securities LLC acts as
financial advisor to Company with respect to a transaction which is consummated as described in Section 5(a) of the Dominari
Agreement (M&A Transaction), with a party that is introduced by Dominari Securities LLC, or by the Advisor, the
Advisor will be entitled to fees that are equal to three percent (3%) of the Transaction Value. The Transaction Value
is defined as total value of all property (real or personal), cash, securities, or other benefits received, or receivable, by the
Company or its officers, directors or shareholders pursuant to the M&A Transaction, including without limitation, the aggregate
of all amounts payable pursuant to any warrants, options, stock appreciation rights, convertible or straight securities, stock
purchase rights, whether or not vested, or pursuant to any employment agreements, consulting agreements, debt assumed, earn-out or
contingent payment rights, or other similar agreements, arrangements or understandings. Property shall be valued at the fair market
value thereof as agreed to by the parties hereto or if the parties are unable to agree, as determined by a mutually acceptable
independent appraiser, the cost of which shall be borne by the Company. Securities which are publicly traded shall be valued at the
closing price of such securities as reported on a national exchange, or if not so listed or quoted, the average of the closing bid
and ask prices for the last day prior to the closing date of such transaction; if the securities are not so listed or quoted, the
securities shall be valued in the same manner as property described above. All debt instruments or evidences thereof and all amounts
payable to shareholders pursuant to any employment agreements, consulting agreements, covenants not to compete, earn-out or
contingent payment rights or other similar agreements, arrangements or understanding shall be valued at the aggregate amount payable
thereunder, whether such payments are absolute or contingent, and irrespective of the period or uncertainty of payment, the rate of
interest, if any, or the contingent nature thereof.

3.
Miscellaneous.

(a) This
First Amendment is governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to the conflict of laws
provisions of such State, and further as set forth in Section XI of the Letter Agreement.

(b) The
headings in this First Amendment are for reference only and do not affect the interpretation or validity of this First Amendment.

(c) This
First Amendment may be executed in counterparts, each of which is deemed an original, but all of which constitute one and the same agreement.
Delivery of an executed counterpart of this First Amendment electronically or by facsimile shall be effective as delivery of an original
executed counterpart of this First Amendment.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

2

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Amendment
as of the date first written above.

Madison Global Partners, LLC

By: /s/ David S. Kaplan

Name: David S. Kaplan

Title: Managing Partner

authID Inc.

By: /s/ Rhoniel A. Daguro

Name: Rhoniel A. Daguro

Title: Chief Executive Officer

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ea023660501ex10-5_authid.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PLACEMENT AGENCY AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND DOMINARI SECURITIES LLC DATED MARCH 31, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.5

PLACEMENT AGENCY AGREEMENT

March 31, 2025

authID Inc.

Rhon Daguro

1580 N. Logan St., Suite 660, Unit 51767

Denver, CO 8020

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Subject to the terms
and conditions herein (this Agreement), authID Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), hereby
agrees to sell up to an aggregate of $8,150,000 of registered securities of the Company, including, but not limited to, an aggregate of
1,811,111 shares of the Companys common stock (the Shares) par value $0.0001 per share (the Common
Stock) or pre-funded warrants to purchase Shares of Common Stock (the Pre-Funded Warrants) in lieu thereof (the
Pre-Funded Warrants, the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares and the Shares, are
collectively referred to herein as the Securities) directly to various investors (each, an Investor
and, collectively, the Investors) through Dominari Securities LLC as placement agent (the Placement Agent).
As referenced above, the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants are collectively referred to as the
Pre-Funded Warrant Shares. The Shares, the Pre-Funded Warrants and the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares will be issued under the
Registration Statement (as defined below) and pursuant to the terms of the Base Prospectus. The documents executed and delivered by the
Company and the Investors in connection with the Offering (as defined below), including, without limitation, a subscription agreement
(the Purchase Agreement), shall be collectively referred to herein as the Transaction Documents.
The purchase price to the Investors for each Share is $4.50. The Placement Agent may retain other brokers or dealers to act as sub-agents
or selected-dealers on its behalf in connection with the Offering. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have
the respective meanings given to them in the Purchase Agreement.

The Company hereby confirms its agreement with the Placement
Agent as follows:

Section 1. Agreement to Act as Placement Agent.

(a) On
the basis of the representations, warranties, and agreements of the Company herein contained, and subject to all the terms and conditions
of this Agreement, the Placement Agent shall be the exclusive US placement agent in connection with the offering and sale by the Company
of the Shares pursuant to the Companys registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-283580) (the Registration Statement),
with the terms of such offering (the Offering) to be subject to market conditions and negotiations between the Company,
the Placement Agent and the prospective Investors. The Placement Agent will act on a reasonable best-efforts basis and the Company agrees
and acknowledges that there is no guarantee of the successful placement of the Securities, or any portion thereof, in the prospective
Offering. Under no circumstances will the Placement Agent or any of its Affiliates (as defined below) be obligated to underwrite
or purchase any of the Shares for its own account or otherwise provide any financing. The Placement Agent shall act solely as the Companys
agent and not as principal. The Placement Agent shall have no authority to bind the Company with respect to any offer to purchase Shares
and the Company shall have the sole right to accept offers to purchase Securities and may reject any such offer, in whole or in part.
Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, payment of the purchase price for, and delivery of, the Securities shall be made at one or
more closings (each a Closing and the date on which each Closing occurs, a Closing Date). The
Closing of the issuance of the Securities shall occur via Delivery Versus Payment, i.e., on the Closing Date, the Company
shall issue the Securities directly to the account designated by the Placement Agent and, upon receipt of such Securities, the Placement
Agent shall electronically deliver such Securities to the applicable Investor and payment shall be made by the Placement Agent (or its
clearing firm) by wire transfer to the Company. As compensation for services rendered, on each Closing Date, the Company shall pay to
the Placement Agent the fees and expenses set forth below:

(i) Cash
Fee. An eight percent (8%) cash fee (the Cash Fee) equal to $six hundred fifty two thousand Dollars
($652,000) payable immediately from the gross proceeds from the sale of Securities at the Closing by deduction from the proceeds
thereof.

(ii) Expenses.
The Company agrees to reimburse the Placement Agents legal expenses up to a maximum of One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000)
payable immediately upon the Closing of the Offering.

(iii) Management
Fee. The Company also agrees to pay Placement Agent a management fee equal to one percent (1.0%) of the gross proceeds
raised.

(b) The
term of the Placement Agents engagement will be until the earlier of (i) the final closing of the Offering of up to 1,811,111 Shares
and/or Pre-Funded Warrants and (ii) a party hereto terminating the engagement with respect to itself upon one business day written notice
to the other parties. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the provisions concerning confidentiality, indemnification,
and contribution contained herein and the Companys obligations contained in the indemnification provisions will survive any expiration
or termination of this Agreement, and the Companys obligation to pay fees actually earned and payable and to reimburse expenses
actually incurred and reimbursable pursuant to Section 1 hereof and which are permitted to be reimbursed under FINRA Rule 5110(g),
will survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to limit the ability of the
Placement Agent or its Affiliates to pursue, investigate, analyze, invest in, or engage in investment banking, financial advisory, or
any other business relationship with Persons (as defined below) other than the Company. As used herein (i) Persons means
an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated, or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof), or other entity of any kind and (ii) Affiliate means
any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with
a Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act). The rules and regulations of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission)
promulgated under the Securities Act are referred to as (the Rules and Regulations).

Section 2. Representations,
Warranties and Covenants of the Company. The Company hereby represents, warrants, and covenants to the Placement Agent as of the date
hereof, and as of each Closing Date, as follows:

(a) Securities
Law Filings. The Company has filed with the Commission the Registration Statement under the Securities Act, which was declared effective
on December 31, 2024, for the registration of the Shares under the Securities Act. Following the determination of pricing among the Company
and the prospective Investors introduced to the Company by Placement Agent, and subject to the Companys acceptance of such Investors
offers to purchase the Securities and their respective execution and delivery of Purchase Agreements, the Company will file with the Commission
pursuant to Rules 430A and 424(b) under the Securities Act, and the Rules and Regulations, a final prospectus supplement relating to the
placement of the Shares and/or Pre-Funded Warrants, their respective pricings and the plan of distribution thereof and will advise the
Placement Agent of all further information (financial and other) with respect to the Company required to be set forth therein. Such registration
statement, at any given time, including the exhibits thereto filed at such time, as amended at such time, is hereinafter called the Registration
Statement; such prospectus in the form in which it appears in the Registration Statement at the time of effectiveness, together
with any preliminary prospectus supplement relating to the Offering, is hereinafter called the Base Prospectus; and
the final prospectus supplement, in the form in which it is filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) (including the Base Prospectus
as it may be amended or supplemented) is hereinafter called the Final Prospectus. The Registration Statement at the
time it originally became effective is hereinafter called the Original Registration Statement. Any reference in this
Agreement to the Registration Statement, the Original Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement,
or the Final Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include the documents incorporated by reference therein (the Incorporated
Documents), if any, which were or are filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act),
at any given time, as the case may be; and any reference in this Agreement to the terms amend, amendment,
or supplement with respect to the Registration Statement, the Original Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus, the
Preliminary Prospectus Supplement, or the Final Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include the filing of any document under the
Exchange Act after the date of this Agreement, or the issue date of the Base Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement, or the
Final Prospectus, as the case may be, deemed to be incorporated therein by reference. All references in this Agreement to financial statements
and schedules and other information which is contained, included, described, referenced,
set forth, or stated in the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement,
or the Final Prospectus (and all other references of like import) shall be deemed to mean and include all such financial statements and
schedules and other information which is or is deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus,
the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement, or the Final Prospectus, as the case may be. As used in this paragraph and elsewhere in this Agreement,
Time of Sale Disclosure Package means the Base Prospectus and any issuer free writing prospectus as defined in Rule
433 of the Act (each, an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus), if any, that the parties hereto shall hereafter expressly
agree in writing to treat as part of the Time of Sale Disclosure Package. The term any Prospectus shall mean, as
the context requires, the Base Prospectus, the Final Prospectus, and any supplement to either thereof. The Company has not received any
notice that the Commission has issued or intends to issue a stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the
use of the Base Prospectus or any prospectus supplement thereto or intends to commence a proceeding for any such purpose.

2

(b) Assurances.
The Original Registration Statement, as amended (and any further documents to be filed with the Commission), contained in all material
respects at the time of filing and contains all exhibits and schedules as required by the Securities Act. Each of the Registration Statement
and any post-effective amendment thereto, at the time it became effective, complied in all material respects with the Securities Act
and the applicable Rules and Regulations and did not knowingly contain any untrue statement of a material fact or knowingly omit to state
a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. The Base Prospectus and the
Final Prospectus, each as of its respective date, comply or will comply in all material respects with the Securities Act and the applicable
Rules and Regulations. Each of the Base Prospectus and the Final Prospectus, as amended or supplemented, did not and will not knowingly
contain as of the date thereof any untrue statement of a material fact or knowingly omit to state a material fact necessary in order
to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided, however,
that this representation and warranty shall not apply to any statements or omissions made in reliance upon and in conformity with information
furnished in writing to the Company by the Placement Agent expressly for use therein. The Incorporated Documents, when they were filed
with the Commission, conformed in all material respects to the requirements of the Exchange Act and the applicable rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder, and none of such documents, when they were filed with the Commission, knowingly contained any untrue statement
of a material fact or knowingly omitted to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein (with respect to Incorporated
Documents incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus or Final Prospectus), in light of the circumstances under which they were
made not misleading. No post- effective amendment to the Registration Statement reflecting any facts or events arising after the date
thereof which represent, individually or in the aggregate, a fundamental change in the information set forth therein is required to be
filed with the Commission. Except for this Agreement, to the knowledge of the Company, there are no documents required to be filed with
the Commission in connection with the transaction contemplated hereby that (x) have not been filed as required pursuant to the Securities
Act or (y) will not be filed within the requisite time period. Except for this Agreement, there are no contracts or other documents required
to be described in the Base Prospectus or Final Prospectus, or to be filed as exhibits or schedules to the Registration Statement, which
have not been described or filed as required.

(c) Offering
Materials. Other than offering materials made to the Companys placement agent in the United Kingdom to existing investors in
the Company, neither the Company nor any of its directors and officers has distributed and none of them will distribute, prior to each
Closing Date, any offering material in connection with the Offering other than the Time of Sale Disclosure Package and any other materials
permitted by the Securities Act.

(d) Authorization;
Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and the Time of Sale Disclosure Package and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution
and delivery of this Agreement by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and under the Final Prospectus
have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further action is required by the Company, the Companys
Board of Directors (the Board of Directors) or the Companys shareholders in connection therewith other than
in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement has been duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with
the terms hereof, assuming due authorization, execution, and delivery by the Placement Agent, will constitute the legal, valid, and binding
obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by general equitable principles
and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors
rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies,
and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

(e) No
Conflicts. The execution, delivery, and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated pursuant to
the Time of Sale Disclosure Package, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby to which it is a party do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys amended
and restated certificate of incorporation, amended and restated bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict
with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation
of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration,
or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt, or other instrument (evidencing
a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company is a party or by which any property or asset of
the Company is bound or affected, or (iii) assuming the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Placement Agent set forth
in Section 3 hereof and subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation,
order, judgment, injunction, decree, or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company is subject (including
federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company is bound or affected; except in the
case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

3

(f) Certificates.
Any certificate signed by an officer of the Company and delivered to the Placement Agent or to counsel for the Placement Agent shall be
deemed to be a representation and warranty by the Company (and not in such officers personal capacity) to the Placement Agent as
to the matters set forth therein.

(g) Reliance.
The Company acknowledges that the Placement Agent will rely upon the accuracy and truthfulness of the foregoing representations and warranties
and hereby consents to such reliance.

(h) Forward-Looking
Statements. No forward-looking statements (within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange
Act) contained in the Time of Sale Disclosure Package has been made or reaffirmed without a reasonable basis or has been disclosed other
than in good faith.

(i) Statistical
or Market-Related Data. Any statistical, industry-related, and market-related data included or incorporated by reference in the Time
of Sale Disclosure Package, are based on or derived from sources that the Company reasonably and in good faith believes to be reliable
and accurate, and such data agree with the sources from which they are derived.

(j) Certain
Fees; FINRA Affiliations. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement and Prospectus Supplement (which shall include the listing
of the Company placement agent in the United Kingdom), no brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will be payable by the
Company, any Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Company to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment
banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. There are no other arrangements,
agreements or understandings of the Company or, to the Companys knowledge, any of its shareholders that may affect the Placement
Agents compensation, as determined by FINRA. Other than payments to the Placement Agent for this Offering or as set forth in the
Registration Statement and Prospectus, the Company has not made and has no agreements, arrangements or understanding to make any direct
or indirect payments (in cash, securities or otherwise) to: (i) any person, as a finders fee, consulting fee or otherwise, in consideration
of such person raising capital for the Company or introducing to the Company persons who raised or provided capital to the Company; (ii)
any FINRA member participating in the offering as defined in FINRA Rule 5110 (a Participating Member); or (iii) any
person or entity that has any direct or indirect affiliation or association with any Participating Member, within the 180-day period preceding
the initial filing of the Registration Statement through the 60-day period after the Effective Date. None of the net proceeds of the Offering
will be paid by the Company to any Participating Member or its affiliates, except as specifically authorized herein. To the Companys
knowledge, no officer, director or any beneficial owner of 10% or more of the Companys Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents
(as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) has any direct or indirect affiliation or association with any Participating Member
in the Offering. Except for securities purchased on the open market, no Company Affiliate is an owner of stock or other securities of
any Participating Member. No Company Affiliate has made a subordinated loan to any Participating Member. No proceeds from the sale of
the Securities (excluding Placement Agent compensation as disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus) will be paid to
any Participating Member, any persons associated with a Participating Member or an affiliate of a Participating Member. Except as disclosed
in the Prospectus, the Company has not issued any warrants or other securities or granted any options, directly or indirectly, to the
Placement Agent within the 180-day period prior to the initial filing date of the Prospectus. Except for securities issued to the Placement
Agent as disclosed in the Prospectus, no person to whom securities of the Company have been privately issued within the 180-day period
prior to the initial filing date of the Prospectus is a Participating Member, is a person associated with a Participating Member or is
an affiliate of a Participating Member. To the Companys knowledge, no Participating Member in the Offering has a conflict of interest
with the Company. For this purpose, a conflict of interest exists when a Participating Member, the parent or affiliate of
a Participating Member or any person associated with a Participating Member in the aggregate beneficially own 10% or more of the Companys
outstanding subordinated debt or common equity, or 10% or more of the Companys preferred equity. FINRA member participating
in the Offering includes any associated person of a Participating Member in the Offering, any member of such associated persons
immediate family and any affiliate of a Participating Member in the Offering. When used in this Section 2(j) the term affiliate
of a FINRA member or affiliated with a FINRA member means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common
control with a FINRA member. The Company will advise the Placement Agent and its legal counsel, Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP if it
learns that any officer, director or owner of 10% or more of the Companys outstanding Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents
is or becomes an affiliate or associated person of a Participating Member.

4

(k) Board
of Directors. The Board of Directors is comprised of the persons set forth under the heading of the Companys SEC Reports.
The qualifications of the persons serving as board members and the overall composition of the Board of Directors comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 and the rules promulgated thereunder applicable to the Company and the rules of The Nasdaq Capital Market (the Trading
Market). In addition, at least a majority of the persons serving on the Board of Directors qualify as independent
as defined under the rules of the Trading Market.

(l) Private
Placement; No General Solicitation. Assuming the accuracy of the Investors representations and warranties set forth in Purchase
Agreement, no registration under the Securities Act is required for the offer and sale of the Shares and/or Pre-Funded Warrants by the
Company to the Investors as contemplated hereby. The issuance and sale of the Securities pursuant to the Transaction Documents does not
contravene the rules and regulations of the Trading Market. Neither the Company nor any Person acting on behalf of the Company has offered
or sold any of the Shares and/or Pre-Funded Warrants by any form of general solicitation or general advertising. The Company has offered
the Securities for sale only to the Investors and certain other accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501 under
the Securities Act.

(m) No
Investment Company Status. The Company is not and, after giving effect to the Offering and the application of the proceeds thereof
as described in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package, and the Final Prospectus, will not be, required to register
as an investment company, as defined in and pursuant to the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(n) Representations
and Warranties Incorporated by Reference. Each of the representations and warranties (together with any related disclosure schedules
thereto) made by the Company to the Investors in the Purchase Agreement is hereby incorporated herein by reference (as though fully restated
herein) and is hereby made to, and in favor of, the Placement Agent.

(o) Correspondence
with the Commission. Since January 1, 2025, there has been no correspondence between the Company and the Commission.

(p) Public
Dissemination. During the Company Standstill period, as provided for in the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated March 31, 2025, the
Company shall not issue any press release, current report on Form 8-K or any other public statement, whether written or oral, without
the prior written approval of the Placement Agent. The Company shall submit each proposed press release, current report on Form 8-K or
any other public statement to the Placement Agent at least 2 business days in advance of the proposed release date, and the Company shall
agree to incorporate any reasonable changes or recommendations from the Placement Agent in the final draft of these items prior to their
issuance.

Section 3. Representations
of the Placement Agent. The Placement Agent represents and warrants that it (i) is a member in good standing of FINRA, (ii) is
a broker/dealer registered under the Exchange Act, (iii) is licensed as a broker/dealer under the laws of the United States of America,
applicable to the offers and sales of the Shares and/or Pre-Funded Warrants by the Placement Agent, (iv) is and will be a corporate body
validly existing under the law of its place of incorporation, has full power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under
this Agreement, and (vi) the Placement Agent has not, in connection with the Offering, disclosed to any Investors information that is
different from or inconsistent with the information contained in the Time of Sale Disclosure Package and the Transaction Documents. The
Placement Agent will immediately notify the Company in writing of any change in its status with respect to subsections (i) through (vi)
above. The Placement Agent covenants that it will use its reasonable best efforts to conduct the Offering hereunder in compliance with
the provisions of this Agreement and the requirements of applicable law.

Section 4. Delivery
and Payment. Each Closing shall occur at such place as shall be agreed upon by the Placement Agent and the Company. Subject to the
terms and conditions hereof, at each Closing payment of the purchase price for the Securities sold on such Closing Date shall be made
by Federal Funds wire transfer, against delivery of such Securities, and such Securities shall be registered in such name or names and
shall be in such denominations, as the Placement Agent may each request at least one business day before the time of purchase.

Deliveries of the
documents with respect to the purchase of the Securities, if any, shall be made at such place as shall be agreed upon by the parties.
All actions taken at a Closing shall be deemed to have occurred simultaneously.

5

Section 5. Covenants
and Agreements of the Company. The Company further covenants and agrees with the Placement Agent as follows:

(a) Registration
Statement Matters. Additionally, the Company agrees, in connection with the Offering, that it shall comply with the provisions of
Rules 424(b), 430A, 430B, and 430C, as applicable, under the Securities Act, including with respect to the timely filing of documents
thereunder, and will use its reasonable efforts to confirm that any filings made by the Company under such Rule 424(b) are received in
a timely manner by the Commission.

(b) Blue
Sky Compliance. If applicable, the Company will reasonably cooperate with the Placement Agent and the Investors in endeavoring to
qualify the Shares for sale under the securities laws of such jurisdictions (United States and foreign) as the Placement Agent and the
Investors may reasonably request and will make such applications, file such documents, and furnish such information as may be reasonably
required for that purpose, provided the Company shall not be required to qualify as a foreign corporation or to file a general
consent to service of process in any jurisdiction where it is not now so qualified or required to file such a consent, and provided
further that the Company shall not be required to produce any new disclosure document. The Company will, from time to time, prepare and
file such statements, reports, and other documents as are or may be required to continue such qualifications in effect for so long a period
as the Placement Agent may reasonably request for distribution of the Shares. The Company will advise the Placement Agent promptly of
the suspension of the qualification or registration of (or any such exemption relating to) the Shares for offering, sale, or trading in
any jurisdiction or any initiation or threat of any proceeding for any such purpose, and in the event of the issuance of any order suspending
such qualification, registration, or exemption, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the withdrawal thereof
at the earliest possible moment.

(c) Amendments
and Supplements to a Prospectus and Other Matters. The Company will comply with the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, and the rules
and regulations of the Commission thereunder, so as to permit the completion of the distribution of the Shares as contemplated in this
Agreement, the Incorporated Documents and any Prospectus. If during the period in which a prospectus is required by law to be delivered
in connection with the distribution of Securities contemplated by the Incorporated Documents, this Agreement, and any Prospectus (the
Prospectus Delivery Period), any event shall occur as a result of which, in the judgment of the Company or in the
reasonable opinion of the Placement Agent or counsel for the Placement Agent, it becomes necessary to amend or supplement the Incorporated
Documents or any Prospectus in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, as the
case may be, not misleading, or if it is necessary at any time to amend or supplement the Incorporated Documents or any Prospectus or
to file under the Exchange Act any Incorporated Document to comply with any law, the Company will promptly prepare and file with the Commission,
and furnish at its own expense to the Placement Agent and to dealers, an appropriate amendment to the Registration Statement or supplement
to the Registration Statement, the Incorporated Documents, or any Prospectus that is necessary in order to make the statements in the
Incorporated Documents and any Prospectus as so amended or supplemented, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, as
the case may be, not misleading, or so that the Registration Statement, the Incorporated Documents or any Prospectus, as so amended or
supplemented, will comply with law. Before amending the Registration Statement or supplementing the Incorporated Documents or any Prospectus
in connection with the Offering, the Company will furnish the Placement Agent with a copy of such proposed amendment or supplement and
will not file any such amendment or supplement to which the Placement Agent reasonably objects.

(d) Copies
of any Amendments and Supplements to a Prospectus. The Company will furnish the Placement Agent, without charge, during the period
beginning on the date hereof and ending on the later of the last Closing Date of the Offering, as many copies of any Prospectus or prospectus
supplement and any amendments and supplements thereto, as the Placement Agent may reasonably request.

(e) [Reserved]

(f)
[Reserved]

(g) Transfer
Agent. The Company will maintain, at its expense, a registrar and transfer agent for the Common Stock.

6

(h)
[Reserved]

(i) Periodic
Reporting Obligations. During the Prospectus Delivery Period, the Company will duly file, on a timely basis, with the Commission and
the Trading Market all reports and documents required to be filed under the Exchange Act within the time periods and in the manner required
by the Exchange Act.

(j) Additional
Documents. The Company agrees that the Placement Agent may rely upon, and each is a third party beneficiary of, the representations
and warranties, and applicable covenants, set forth in the securities purchase agreements entered into with Investors in the Offering.

(k) No
Manipulation of Price. The Company will not take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or result in, or that
has constituted or might reasonably be expected to constitute, the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any securities of the
Company.

(l) Acknowledgment.
The Company acknowledges that any advice given by the Placement Agent to the Company is solely for the benefit and use of the Board of
Directors of the Company and may not be used, reproduced, disseminated, quoted, or referred to, without the Placement Agents prior
written consent.

(m) Announcement
of Offering. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Placement Agent may, subsequent to the Closing, make public its involvement
with the Offering.

(n) Reliance
on Others. The Company confirms that it will rely on its own counsel and accountants for legal and accounting advice.

(o) Research
Matters. By entering into this Agreement, the Placement Agent does not provide any promise, either explicitly or implicitly, of favorable
or continued research coverage of the Company and the Company hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Placement Agents selection
as a placement agent for the Offering was in no way conditioned, explicitly or implicitly, on the Placement Agent providing favorable
or any research coverage of the Company. In accordance with FINRA Rule 2241(b)(2), the parties acknowledge and agree that the Placement
Agent has not directly or indirectly offered favorable research, a specific rating or a specific price target, or threatened to change
research, a rating or a price target, to the Company or inducement for the receipt of business or compensation. The Company hereby waives
and releases, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims that the Company may have against the Placement Agent with respect to
any conflict of interest that may arise from the fact that the views expressed by their independent research analysts and research departments
may be different from or inconsistent with the views or advice communicated to the Company by the Placement Agents investment banking
divisions. The Company acknowledges that the Placement Agent is a full-service securities firm and as such from time to time, subject
to applicable securities laws, may effect transactions for its own account or the account of its customers and hold long or short position
in debt or equity securities of the Company

(p) FINRA.
The Company shall advise the Placement Agent (who shall make an appropriate filing with FINRA) if it is aware that any officer, director,
10% or greater shareholder of the Company or Person that received the Companys unregistered equity securities in the past 180 days
is or becomes an affiliate or associated person of a FINRA member firm prior to the earlier of the termination of this Agreement or the
60-day period after the Effective Date

Section 6. Conditions
of the Obligations of the Placement Agent. The obligations of the Placement Agent hereunder shall be subject to the accuracy of the
representations and warranties on the part of the Company set forth in Section 2 hereof, in each case as of the date hereof and
as of each Closing Date, to the timely performance by each of the Company of its covenants and other obligations hereunder on and as of
such dates, and to each of the following additional conditions:

(a) Compliance
with Registration Requirements; No Stop Order; No Objection from the FINRA. Each Prospectus (in accordance with Rule 424(b)) and free
writing prospectus (as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act), if any, shall have been duly filed with the Commission,
as appropriate; no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any part thereof shall have been issued and
no proceeding for that purpose shall have been initiated or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened by the Commission; no order
preventing or suspending the use of any Prospectus shall have been issued and no proceeding for that purpose shall have been initiated
or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened by the Commission; no order having the effect of ceasing or suspending the distribution
of the Securities or any other securities of the Company shall have been issued by any securities commission, securities regulatory authority
or stock exchange and no proceedings for that purpose shall have been instituted or shall be pending or, to the knowledge of the Company,
contemplated by any securities commission, securities regulatory authority or stock exchange; all requests for additional information
on the part of the Commission shall have been complied with; and the FINRA shall have raised no objection to the fairness and reasonableness
of the placement terms and arrangements.

7

(b) Corporate
Proceedings. All corporate proceedings and other legal matters in connection with this Agreement, the Registration Statement, and
any Prospectus, and the registration, sale, and delivery of the Securities, shall have been completed or resolved in a manner reasonably
satisfactory to the Placement Agents counsel, and such counsel shall have been furnished with such papers and information as it
may reasonably have requested to enable such counsel to pass upon the matters referred to in this Section 6.

(c) No
Material Adverse Effect. Subsequent to the execution and delivery of this Agreement and prior to each Closing Date, in the Placement
Agents sole judgment after consultation with the Company, there shall not have occurred any Material Adverse Effect.

(d) Opinion
of Counsel for the Company. The Placement Agent shall have received on each Closing Date the favorable opinion of Fleming PLLC, counsel
to the Company, dated as of such Closing Date, addressed to the Placement Agent and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the
Placement Agent.

(e) Cold
Comfort Letteer from Auditor. On the Closing Date, the Placement Agent shall receive a signed letter from the Companys Auditor
addressed to the Placement Agent in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Placement Agent and its counsel, in all material
respects. The letter shall not disclose any change in the condition (financial or other), earnings, operations, business or prospects
of the Company from that set forth in the Incorporated Documents or the applicable Prospectus or prospectus supplement, which, in the
Placement Agents sole judgment, is material and adverse and that makes it, in the Placement Agents sole judgment, impracticable
or inadvisable to proceed with the Offering of the Securities as contemplated by such Prospectus.

(f) Officers
Certificate. The Placement Agent shall have received on each Closing Date a certificate of the Company, dated as of such Closing Date,
signed by the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, to the effect that, and the Placement Agent shall
be satisfied that, the signers of such certificate have reviewed the Registration Statement, the Incorporated Documents, any Prospectus,
and this Agreement and to the further effect that:

(i) The
representations and warranties of the Company in this Agreement are true and correct, as if made on and as of such Closing Date, and the
Company has complied with all the agreements and satisfied all the conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied at or prior to
such Closing Date;

(ii) No
stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the use of any Prospectus has been issued and no proceedings
for that purpose have been instituted or are pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened under the Securities Act; no order
having the effect of ceasing or suspending the distribution of the Securities or any other securities of the Company has been issued by
any securities commission, securities regulatory authority or stock exchange in the United States and no proceedings for that purpose
have been instituted or are pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, contemplated by any securities commission, securities regulatory
authority or stock exchange in the United States;

(iii) When
the Registration Statement became effective, at the time of sale, and at all times subsequent thereto up to the delivery of such certificate,
the Registration Statement and the Incorporated Documents, if any, when such documents became effective or were filed with the Commission,
and any Prospectus, contained all material information required to be included therein by the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and
the applicable rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder, as the case may be, and in all material respects conformed to the requirements
of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the applicable rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder, as the case may be,
and the Registration Statement and the Incorporated Documents, if any, and any Prospectus, did not and do not include any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light
of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading (provided, however, that the preceding representations and warranties
contained in this paragraph (iii) shall not apply to any statements or omissions made in reliance upon and in conformity with information
furnished in writing to the Company by the Placement Agent expressly for use therein) and, since the effective date of the Registration
Statement, there has occurred no event required by the Securities Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder to be
set forth in the Incorporated Documents which has not been so set forth; and

8

(iv) Subsequent
to the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Incorporated Documents and any Prospectus,
there has not been: (a) any Material Adverse Effect; (b) any transaction that is material to the Company and the Subsidiaries taken as
a whole, except transactions entered into in the ordinary course of business; (c) any obligation, direct or contingent, that is material
to the Company and the Subsidiaries taken as a whole, incurred by the Company or any Subsidiary, except obligations incurred in the ordinary
course of business; (d) any material change in the capital stock (except changes thereto resulting from the exercise of outstanding stock
options or warrants) or outstanding indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary; (e) any dividend or distribution of any kind declared,
paid or made on the capital stock of the Company; or (f) any loss or damage (whether or not insured) to the property of the Company or
any Subsidiary which has been sustained or will have been sustained which has a Material Adverse Effect.

(g) Secretarys
Certificate. At each Closing Date, the Placement Agent shall have received a certificate of the Company signed by the Secretary or
another authorized officer of the Company, dated such Closing Date certifying on behalf of the Company and not in an individual capacity:
(i) that the certificate of incorporation, as amended, of the Company is true and complete, has not been modified and is in full force
and effect; (ii) that the resolutions of the Companys Board of Directors relating to the Offering are in full force and effect
and have not been modified; and (iii) as to the incumbency of the officers of the Company.

(h) Stock
Exchange Listing. The Common Stock shall be registered under the Exchange Act and shall be listed on the Trading Market, and the Company
shall not have taken any action designed to terminate, or likely to have the effect of terminating, the registration of the Common Stock
under the Exchange Act or delisting or suspending from trading the Common Stock from the Trading Market, nor shall the Company have received
any information suggesting that the Commission or the Trading Market is contemplating terminating such registration or listing.

(i) Additional
Documents. On or before each Closing Date, the Placement Agent and counsel for the Placement Agent shall have received such information
and documents as they may reasonably require for the purposes of enabling them to pass upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as
contemplated herein, or in order to evidence the accuracy of any of the representations and warranties, or the satisfaction of any of
the conditions or agreements, herein contained.

If any condition specified
in this Section 6 is not satisfied when and as required to be satisfied, this Agreement may be terminated by the Placement Agent
by notice to the Company at any time on or prior to a Closing Date, which termination shall be without liability on the part of any party
to any other party, except that Section 7 (Payment of Expenses), Section 8 (Indemnification and Contribution), and Section
9 (Representations and Indemnities to Survive Delivery) shall at all times be effective and shall survive such termination.

Section 7. Payment
of Expenses. The Company agrees to pay all costs, fees, and expenses incurred by the Company in connection with the performance of
its obligations hereunder and in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, including, without limitation: (i) any filing fees
relating to the registration of the Securities to be sold in the Offering; (ii) any filing fees associated with the review of an Offering
by FINRA; (iii) all fees and expenses relating to the listing of the Securities on the Trading Market; (iv) all fees, expenses, and disbursements
relating to the registration, qualification, or exemption of the Securities under the securities or blue sky laws of such
states of the United States of America as the Company and the Placement Agent shall together determine; (v) the costs of all mailing and
printing of the offering documents, including, without limitation, any underwriting or placement agent agreement, any agreement among
underwriters, any selected dealers agreement, any underwriters questionnaire, custody agreement, and power of attorney relating
to any selling stockholders, any registration statement, prospectus, prospectus supplement, private placement memorandum, or similar information
document, and all amendments, supplements, and exhibits thereto, all in as many copies as the Placement Agent may reasonably deem necessary;
(vi) the costs of preparing, printing and delivering certificates representing the Securities; (vii) the costs for tombstones
and/or other commemorative items; (viii) fees and expenses of accountants, auditors, and the Companys legal counsel; (ix) fees
and expenses, if any, of the transfer agent for the Securities and of any escrow agent appointed to hold investors funds in connection
with the Offering; (x) stock transfer and/or stamp taxes, if any, payable upon the transfer of the Securities from the Company to the
Placement Agent or the purchasers thereof; (xi) all costs and expenses incident to the travel and accommodation of the Companys
and the Placement Agents employees on the roadshow, if any; and (xi) all other fees, costs, and expenses referred
to in Part II of the Registration Statement.

9

Section 8. Indemnification and Contribution.

(a) The
Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Placement Agent, Co-Placement Agents, if applicable, its affiliates and each person
controlling the Placement Agent (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act), and the directors, officers, agents assisting
with the Offering, and employees of the Placement Agent, their affiliates and each such controlling person (the Placement Agent, and each
such entity or person. an Indemnified Person) from and against any losses, claims, damages, judgments, assessments,
costs, and other liabilities (collectively, the Liabilities), and shall reimburse each Indemnified Person for all
reasonable and documented out of pocket fees and expenses (including the reasonable documented and out of pocket fees and expenses of
one counsel for all Indemnified Persons, except as otherwise expressly provided herein) (collectively, the Expenses)
as they are incurred by an Indemnified Person in investigating, preparing, pursuing, or defending any Actions, whether or not any Indemnified
Person is a party thereto, (i) caused by, or arising out of or in connection with, any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of
a material fact contained in the Registration Statement, any Incorporated Document, or any Prospectus or by any omission or alleged omission
to state therein a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading (other than untrue statements or alleged untrue statements in, or omissions or alleged omissions from, information relating
to an Indemnified Person furnished in writing by or on behalf of such Indemnified Person expressly for use in the Incorporated Documents)
or (ii) otherwise arising out of or in connection with advice or services rendered or to be rendered by any Indemnified Person pursuant
to this Agreement, the transactions contemplated thereby or any Indemnified Persons actions or inactions in connection with any
such advice, services or transactions; provided, however, that, in the case of clause (ii) only, the Company shall not be
responsible for any Liabilities or Expenses of any Indemnified Person that are finally judicially determined to have resulted primarily
from such Indemnified Persons (x) negligence, gross negligence, willful misconduct, or bad faith in connection with any of the
advice, actions, inactions, or services referred to above or (y) use of any offering materials or information concerning the Company in
connection with the offer or sale of the Securities in the Offering which were not authorized for such use by the Company and which use
constitutes negligence, gross negligence or willful misconduct. The Company also agrees to reimburse each Indemnified Person for all Expenses
as they are incurred in connection with enforcing such Indemnified Persons rights under this Agreement.

(b) Upon
receipt by an Indemnified Person of actual notice of an Action against such Indemnified Person with respect to which indemnity may be
sought under this Agreement, such Indemnified Person shall promptly notify the Company in writing; provided that failure
by any Indemnified Person so to notify the Company shall not relieve the Company from any liability which the Company may have on account
of this indemnity or otherwise to such Indemnified Person, except to the extent the Company shall have been prejudiced by such failure.
The Company shall, if requested by the Placement Agent, assume the defense of any such Action including the employment of counsel reasonably
satisfactory to the Placement Agent, which counsel may also be counsel to the Company. Any Indemnified Person shall have the right to
employ separate counsel in any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be
at the expense of such Indemnified Person unless: (i) the Company has failed promptly to assume the defense and employ counsel; or (ii)
the named parties to any such Action (including any impeded parties) include such Indemnified Person and the Company, and such Indemnified
Person shall have been advised in the reasonable opinion of counsel that there is an actual conflict of interest that prevents the counsel
selected by the Company from representing both the Company (or another client of such counsel) and any Indemnified Person; provided
that the Company shall not in such event be responsible hereunder for the fees and expenses of more than one firm of separate counsel
for all Indemnified Persons in connection with any Action or related Actions, in addition to any local counsel. The Company shall not
be liable for any settlement of any Action effected without its written consent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld). In addition,
the Company shall not, without the prior written consent of the Placement Agent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld), settle, compromise,
or consent to the entry of any judgment in or otherwise seek to terminate any pending or threatened Action in respect of which indemnification
or contribution may be sought hereunder (whether or not such Indemnified Person is a party thereto) unless such settlement, compromise,
consent, or termination includes an unconditional release of each Indemnified Person from all Liabilities arising out of such Action for
which indemnification or contribution may be sought hereunder. The indemnification required hereby shall be made by periodic payments
of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as such expense, loss, damage, or liability is incurred and is
due and payable.

10

(c) In
the event that the foregoing indemnity is unavailable to an Indemnified Person other than in accordance with this Agreement, the Company
shall contribute to the Liabilities and Expenses paid or payable by such Indemnified Person in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect
(i) the relative benefits to the Company, on the one hand, and to the Placement Agent and any other Indemnified Person, on the other hand,
of the matters contemplated by this Agreement or (ii) if the allocation provided by the immediately preceding clause is not permitted
by applicable law, not only such relative benefits but also the relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Placement Agent
and any other Indemnified Person, on the other hand, in connection with the matters as to which such Liabilities or Expenses relate, as
well as any other relevant equitable considerations; provided that in no event shall the Company contribute less than the
amount necessary to ensure that all Indemnified Persons, in the aggregate, are not liable for any Liabilities and Expenses in excess of
the amount of fees actually received by the Placement Agent pursuant to this Agreement. For purposes of this paragraph, the relative benefits
to the Company, on the one hand, and to the Placement Agent on the other hand, of the matters contemplated by this Agreement shall be
deemed to be in the same proportion as (a) the total value paid or contemplated to be paid to or received or contemplated to be received
by the Company in the transaction or transactions that are within the scope of this Agreement, whether or not any such transaction is
consummated, bears to (b) the fees to be received by the Placement Agent under this Agreement. Notwithstanding the above, no person guilty
of fraudulent misrepresentation within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act, as amended, shall be entitled to contribution
from a party who was not guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation.

(d) The
Company also agrees that no Indemnified Person shall have any liability (whether direct or indirect, in contract or tort or otherwise)
to the Company for or in connection with advice or services rendered or to be rendered by any Indemnified Person pursuant to this Agreement,
the transactions contemplated thereby or any Indemnified Persons actions or inactions in connection with any such advice, services,
or transactions except for Liabilities (and related Expenses) of the Company that are finally judicially determined to have resulted primarily
from such Indemnified Persons negligence, gross negligence or willful misconduct in connection with any such advice, actions, inactions
or services.

(e) The
reimbursement, indemnity, and contribution obligations of the Company set forth herein shall apply to any modification of this Agreement
and shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any termination of, or the completion of any Indemnified Persons services
under or in connection with, this Agreement.

Section 9. Right
of First Refusal. The Company hereby agrees, if, from the date hereof until the 12-month anniversary following consummation of each
Offering, the Company or any of its subsidiaries (a) decides to dispose of or acquire business units or acquire any of its outstanding
securities or make any exchange or tender offer or enter into a merger, consolidation or other business combination or any recapitalization,
reorganization, restructuring or other similar transaction, including, without limitation, an extraordinary dividend or distributions
or a spin-off or split-off, Placement Agent (or any affiliate designated by Placement Agent) shall have the right to act as the Companys
exclusive financial advisor for any such transaction; or (b) decides to finance or refinance any indebtedness, Placement Agent (or any
affiliate designated by Placement Agent) shall have the right to act as sole book-runner, sole manager, sole placement agent or sole agent
with respect to such financing or refinancing; or (c) decides to raise funds by means of a public offering (including at-the-market facility)
or a private placement or any other capital-raising financing of equity, equity-linked or debt securities, Placement Agent (or any affiliate
designated by Placement Agent) shall have the right to act as sole book-running manager, sole underwriter or sole placement agent for
such financing. If Placement Agent or one of its affiliates decides to accept any such engagement, the agreement governing such engagement
will contain, among other things, provisions for customary fees for transactions of similar size and nature and the provisions of this
Agreement, including indemnification, which are appropriate to such a transaction.

Section 10.
Fee Tail. Placement Agent shall be entitled to compensation under clauses (1) and (2) hereunder, calculated in the manner set forth
therein, with respect to any public or private offering or other financing or capital-raising transaction of any kind (Tail Financing)
to the extent that such financing or capital is provided to the Company by investors whom Placement Agent introduced to the Company during
the Term, if such Tail Financing is consummated at any time within the 24-month period following the closing of the Offering.

Section 11.
Representations and Indemnities to Survive Delivery. The respective indemnities, agreements, representations, warranties, and other
statements of the Company or any person controlling the Company, of its officers, and of the Placement Agent set forth in or made pursuant
to this Agreement will remain in full force and effect, regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Placement Agent, the
Company, or any of its or their respective partners, officers, or directors or any controlling person, as the case may be, and will survive
delivery of and payment for the Securities sold hereunder and any termination of this Agreement. A successor to the Placement Agent, or
to the Company, its directors or officers or any person controlling the Company, shall be entitled to the benefits of the indemnity, contribution,
and reimbursement agreements contained in this Agreement.

11

Section 12.
Notices. All communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be mailed, hand delivered or e-mailed and confirmed to the parties
hereto as follows:

Dominari Securities LLC

725 Fifth Avenue, 23rd Floor 

New York, NY 10022

E-mail: info@dominarisecurities.com

Attention: Eric Newman, EVP- Head of Investment Banking

With a copy to:

Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP

1185 Avenue of the Americas, 31st floor

New York, NY 10036

E-mail: rcarmel@srfc.law

Attention: Ross David Carmel, Esq.

If to the Company:

authID Inc.

Rhon Daguro, CEO

1580 N. Logan St., Suite 660, Unit 51767

E-Mail: rhondaguro@authid.ai

Attention: Rhon Daguro

With a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Fleming PLLC

30 Wall Street, 8th Floor

New York, NY 10005

E-Mail: smf@flemingpllc.com

Attention: Stephen Fleming, Esq.

Any party hereto
may change the address for receipt of communications by giving written notice to the others.

Section 13.
Successors. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto, and to the benefit of the employees,
officers and directors and controlling persons referred to in Section 7 hereof, and to their respective successors, and personal
representative, and no other person will have any right or obligation hereunder.

Section 14.
Partial Unenforceability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any section, paragraph, or provision of this Agreement shall not affect
the validity or enforceability of any other section, paragraph, or provision hereof. If any Section, paragraph, or provision of this Agreement
is for any reason determined to be invalid or unenforceable, there shall be deemed to be made such minor changes (and only such minor
changes) as are necessary to make it valid and enforceable.

12

Section 15.
Governing Law Provisions. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of the State of New York. Each
of the Placement Agent and the Company: (i) agrees that any legal suit, action, or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement
and/or the transactions contemplated hereby shall be instituted exclusively in Supreme Court, of the State of New York, sitting in the
County of New York, (ii) waives any objection which it may have or hereafter to the venue of any such suit, action, or proceeding, and
(iii) irrevocably consents to the jurisdiction such courts in any such suit, action or proceeding. The Placement Agent and the Company
further agree to accept and acknowledge service of any and all process which may be served in any such suit, action, or proceeding in
such courts and agree that service of process upon the Company mailed by certified mail to the Companys address set forth in Section
12 hereof (or to such other address as the Company shall have advised the Placement Agent by notice pursuant to Section 12)
shall be deemed in every respect effective service of process upon the Company, in any such suit, action, or proceeding, and service of
process upon the Placement Agent mailed by certified mail to the Placement Agents address as set forth in Section 12 hereof
(or to such other address as the Placement Agent shall have advised the Company by notice pursuant to Section 12) shall be deemed
in every respect effective service process upon the Placement Agent, in any such suit, action, or proceeding. Notwithstanding any provision
of this Agreement to the contrary, the Company agrees that neither the Placement Agent nor their affiliates, and the respective officers,
directors, employees, agents, and representatives of the Placement Agent, their affiliates and each other person, if any, controlling
the Placement Agent or any of their affiliates, shall have any liability (whether direct or indirect, in contract or tort or otherwise)
to the Company for or in connection with the engagement and transaction described herein except for any such liability for losses, claims,
damages, or liabilities incurred by the Placement Agent that are finally judicially determined to have resulted from the fraud, willful
misconduct, or gross negligence of such individuals or entities. If either party shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any
provision of this Agreement, then the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its reasonable
attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation, and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

Section 16. General Provisions.

(a) This
Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties to this Agreement and supersedes all prior written or oral and all contemporaneous
oral agreements, understandings, and negotiations with respect to the subject matter hereof.

(b) Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, the Engagement Agreement between the Company and Placement Agent shall continue to be effective and the
terms therein shall continue to survive and be enforceable by the Placement Agent and the Company in accordance with its terms, provided
that, in the event of a conflict between the terms of the Engagement Agreement and this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement
shall prevail.

(c) This
Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each one of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures
thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. Facsimile or other electronically scanned and transmitted signatures (including by email
attachment) and electronic signatures (including by DocuSign) shall be deemed originals for all purposes of this Agreement

(d) This
Agreement may not be amended or modified unless in writing by all of the parties hereto, and no condition herein (express or implied)
may be waived unless waived in writing by each party whom the condition is meant to benefit. Section headings herein are for the convenience
of the parties only and shall not affect the construction or interpretation of this Agreement.

(e) The
Company acknowledges that in connection with the Offering: (i) the Placement Agent has acted at arms length, is not agent of, and
owes no fiduciary duties to the Company, any officer or director of the Company or any other person affiliated with any of them, (ii)
the Placement Agent owes the Company only those duties and obligations set forth in this Agreement, and (iii) the Placement Agent may
have interests that differ from those of the Company. The Company waives to the full extent permitted by applicable law any claims it
may have against the Placement Agent arising from an alleged breach of fiduciary duty in connection with the offering of the Securities.

[The remainder of this page has been intentionally
left blank.]

13

If the foregoing is in accordance
with your understanding of our agreement, please sign below whereupon this instrument, along with all counterparts hereof, shall become
a binding agreement in accordance with its terms.

Very truly yours,

DOMINARI SECURITES LLC

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

The foregoing Placement Agency
Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted as of the date first above written.

AUTHID INC. 

By: /s/ Rhoniel A. Daguro 

Name: Rhoniel A. Daguro 

Title: Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.6
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ea023660501ex10-6_authid.htm
<DESCRIPTION>STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT ISSUED TO MADISON GLOBAL PARTNERS, LLC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.6

Warrant No. 2025-01

NEITHER THE WARRANT NOR THE SHARES ISSUABLE UPON
EXERCISE OF THE WARRANT HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR
UNDER THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATES. THE WARRANT AND THE SHARES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THE WARRANT ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS
ON TRANSFERABILITY AND RESALE AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED OR RESOLD EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND THE APPLICABLE STATE
SECURITIES LAWS. UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, THE ISSUER OF THESE SECURITIES
MAY REQUIRE AN OPINION OF COUNSEL IN FORM AND SUBSTANCE SATISFACTORY TO THE ISSUER TO THE EFFECT THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT.

Right to Purchase

80,999

Shares of Common Stock,

par value $0.0001 per share

STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

THIS CERTIFIES THAT,
for value received, the person named below (the Holder) or its registered assigns, is entitled to purchase from authID
Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), at any time or from time to time during the period specified in Paragraph 2
hereof, the number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of the Companys Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common
Stock), at an exercise price per share (the Exercise Price) each as are set forth in the Warrant details below.

Warrant Information. 

(a) Date of Warrant: April 1, 2025

(b) Holder: Madison Global Partners, LLC

(c) Holder Address: 350 Motor Parkway, Suite 205

Hauppauge, New York 11788

(d) Number of Warrant Shares: 80,999

(e) Exercise Price: $4.50

(f) Expiration Date: April 1, 2030

The term Warrant Shares,
as used herein, refers to the shares of Common Stock purchasable hereunder. The Warrant Shares and the Exercise Price are subject to adjustment
as provided in Paragraph 4 hereof.

This Warrant is subject to the following terms,
provisions, and conditions:

1. Manner of Exercise;
Issuance of Shares; Payment for Shares.

(a) Subject to the
provisions hereof, this Warrant may be exercised by the Holder, in whole or in part, by the surrender of this Warrant, together with
a completed notice of exercise in the form attached hereto (the Notice of Exercise), to the Company during normal
business hours on any business day at the Companys principal executive offices (or such other office or agency of the Company
as it may designate by notice to the Holder), and upon payment to the Company in cash, by certified or official bank check or by
wire transfer for the account of the Company of the Exercise Price for the Warrant Shares specified in the Notice of Exercise. The
Warrant Shares so purchased shall be deemed to be issued to the Holder or such Holders designee, as the record owner of such
Shares, as of the close of business on the date on which this Warrant shall have been surrendered, the completed Notice of Exercise
shall have been delivered, and payment shall have been made for such Shares as set forth above. The Company will direct the
Companys Transfer Agent to issue to the Holder the Warrant Shares to which Holder is entitled within a reasonable time, not
exceeding three (3) business days, after this Warrant shall have been so exercised. If this Warrant shall have been exercised only
in part, then, unless this Warrant has expired, the Company shall, at its expense, at the time of delivery of such certificates or
other evidence, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant representing the number of Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant
shall not then have been exercised.

(b) If at any time
on or after the six-month anniversary of the date of this Warrant, there is no Registration Statement effective and available for use
by the Holder to resell the Warrant Shares immediately upon exercise of this Warrant, this Warrant may also be exercised in whole or in
part by means of a cashless or net exercise, in the following manner. Under a cashless exercise the Holder shall be entitled
to receive the number of Warrant Shares which is equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) X (C)] by (A) where:

A = The Market Price of the Warrant Shares defined as the average of the last reported sale prices on the principal trading market for the Common Stock during the five (5) trading days immediately preceding such exercise date.

B = The Exercise Price hereunder (as adjusted).

C = The number of Warrant Shares that the Holder wishes to exercise as set forth in the applicable Notice of Exercise.

(c) All Warrant
Shares will be issued in Book Entry form and no certificates will be issued, unless the Warrant Shares are then
registered under the Securities Act, or if the Company receives a written opinion of counsel, which opinion and counsel are
acceptable to the Company, to the effect that such Warrant Shares may freely transferred without registration under said Act and
under applicable state securities or blue sky laws, in which case they may be issued to the Holder by DWAC, upon Holder providing
the necessary information. Unless the Warrant Shares are then so registered, the Warrant Shares will be restricted
securities under applicable securities laws and pursuant to these laws, Holder must hold the Warrant Shares indefinitely
unless they are registered with the SEC and qualified by state authorities, or an exemption from such registration and qualification
requirements is available. Holder acknowledges that the Company has no obligation to register or qualify the Warrant Shares for
resale. 

(d) Unless the
Warrant Shares are then registered under the Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall bear a legend substantially to the following
effect (as well as any legends required by applicable state corporate law or federal or state securities laws):

THESE SHARES HAVE NOT BEEN
REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 (THE ACT) AND ARE RESTRICTED SECURITIES AS THAT TERM IS DEFINED
IN RULE 144 UNDER THE ACT. THESE SHARES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED, ASSIGNED, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED EXCEPT (I) PURSUANT
TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE ACT, OR (II) UNLESS THE ISSUER HAS RECEIVED AN OPINION OF COUNSEL SATISFACTORY TO IT
THAT THESE SHARES MAY BE SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR ANOTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION UNDER THE ACT AND THE RULES AND REGULATIONS THEREUNDER.

To ensure compliance with the restrictions referred
to herein, the Company may issue appropriate stop transfer instructions to its transfer agent.

(e) Notwithstanding
anything in this Warrant to the contrary, in no event shall the Holder be entitled to exercise a number of Warrants (or portions
thereof) in excess of the number of Warrants (or portions thereof) upon exercise of which the sum of (i) the number of shares of
Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its affiliates (other than shares of Common Stock which may be deemed beneficially
owned through the ownership of the unexercised Warrants and the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other securities of the
Company subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein) and (ii) the number of
shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants (or portions thereof) with respect to which the determination
described herein is being made, would result in beneficial ownership by the Holder and its affiliates of more than 4.99% of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock. For purposes of the immediately preceding sentence, beneficial ownership shall be determined in
accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Regulation 13D-G thereunder, except as
otherwise provided in clause (i) of the preceding sentence. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the
limitation on exercise of this Warrant set forth herein may not be amended without the written consent of the Holder and the
Company.

2

2. Period
of Exercise. This Warrant is exercisable at any time or from time to time on or after the date on which this Warrant is
issued and delivered and before 6:00 p.m., New York, New York time on the date set forth in paragraph (f) under Warrant
Details above (the Exercise Period).

3. Certain
Agreements of the Company. The Company hereby covenants and agrees as follows:

(a) Shares to be
Fully Paid. All Warrant Shares will, upon issuance in accordance with the terms of this Warrant, be validly issued,
fully paid, and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens, and charges with respect to the issue thereof.

(b) Reservation of
Shares. During the Exercise Period, the Company shall at all times have authorized, and reserved for the purpose of
issuance upon exercise of this Warrant, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock to provide for the exercise of this
Warrant.

(c) Successors and
Assigns. This Warrant will be binding upon any entity succeeding to the Company by merger, consolidation, or
acquisition of all or substantially all the Companys assets.

4. Adjustment
Provisions. During the Exercise Period, the Exercise Price and the number of Warrant Shares shall be subject to
adjustment from time to time as provided in this Paragraph 4. In the event that any adjustment of the Exercise Price as required
herein results in a fraction of a cent, such Exercise Price shall be rounded up to the nearest cent.

(a) Subdivision or
Combination of Common Stock. If the Company at any time subdivides (by any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization,
reorganization, reclassification or otherwise) the shares of Common Stock acquirable hereunder into a greater number of shares, then,
after the date of record for effecting such subdivision, the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such subdivision will be proportionately
reduced. If the Company at any time combines (by reverse stock split, recapitalization, reorganization, reclassification or otherwise)
the shares of Common Stock acquirable hereunder into a smaller number of shares, then, after the date of record for effecting such combination,
the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such combination will be proportionately increased.

(b) Adjustment in
Number of Shares. Upon each adjustment of the Exercise Price pursuant to the provisions of this Paragraph 4(a), the
number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be adjusted by multiplying a number equal to the
Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such adjustment by the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this
Warrant immediately prior to such adjustment and dividing the product so obtained by the adjusted Exercise Price.

(c) Consolidation,
Merger or Sale. In case of any consolidation of the Company with, or merger of the Company into any other corporation, or
in case of any sale or conveyance of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company other than in connection with a plan of complete
liquidation of the Company, then as a condition of such consolidation, merger or sale or conveyance, adequate provision will be made whereby
the Holder will have the right to acquire and receive upon exercise of this Warrant in lieu of the shares of Common Stock immediately
theretofore acquirable upon the exercise of this Warrant, such shares of stock, securities or assets as may be issued or payable with
respect to or in exchange for the number of shares of Common Stock immediately theretofore acquirable and receivable upon exercise of
this Warrant had such consolidation, merger or sale or conveyance not taken place. In any such case, the Company will make appropriate
provision to insure that the provisions of this Paragraph 4 hereof will thereafter be applicable as nearly as may be in relation to any
shares of stock or securities thereafter deliverable upon the exercise of this Warrant. The Company will not effect any consolidation,
merger or sale or conveyance unless prior to the consummation thereof, the successor corporation (if other than the Company) assumes by
written instrument the obligations under this Paragraph 4 and the obligations to deliver to the Holder such shares of stock, securities
or assets as, in accordance with the foregoing provisions, the Holder may be entitled to acquire.

3

5. Issue
Tax. The issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant shall be made without charge to the Holder or
such shares for any issuance tax or other costs in respect thereof, provided that the Company shall not be required to pay any tax
which may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issuance and delivery of any certificate in a name other than the
Holder.

6. No
Rights or Liabilities as a Shareholder. This Warrant shall not entitle the Holder to any voting rights or other rights
as a shareholder of the Company. No provision of this Warrant, in the absence of affirmative action by the Holder to purchase
Warrant Shares, and no mere enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of such
Holder for the Exercise Price or as a shareholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors
of the Company.

7. Transfer,
Exchange, and Replacement of Warrant.

(a) Procedure on
Transfer. This Warrant and the rights granted to the Holder are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this
Warrant, together with a properly executed assignment in the form attached hereto, at the office or agency of the Company. Until due presentment
for registration of transfer on the books of the Company, the Company may treat the registered Holder as the owner and holder of this
Warrant for all purposes, and the Company shall not be affected by any notice to the contrary.

(b) Warrant
Exchangeable for Different Denominations. This Warrant is exchangeable, upon the surrender hereof by the Holder at the
office or agency of the Company, for new Warrants of like tenor representing in the aggregate the right to purchase the number of
shares of Common Stock which may be purchased hereunder, each of such new Warrants to represent the right to purchase such number of
shares as shall be designated by the Holder at the time of such surrender.

(c) Replacement of
Warrant. Upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction, or mutilation of
this Warrant and, in the case of any such loss, theft, or destruction, upon delivery of an indemnity agreement reasonably satisfactory
in form and amount to the Company, or, in the case of any such mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of this Warrant, the Company,
at its expense, will execute and deliver, in lieu thereof, a new Warrant of like tenor.

(d) Cancellation. Upon
the surrender of this Warrant in connection with any transfer, exchange, or replacement as provided in this Paragraph 7, this Warrant
shall be promptly canceled by the Company.

(e) Register. The
Company shall maintain, at its principal executive offices (or such other office or agency of the Company as it may designate by notice
to the Holder), a register for this Warrant, in which the Company shall record the name and address of the person in whose name this Warrant
has been issued, as well as the name and address of each transferee and each prior owner of this Warrant.

(f) Exercise or Transfer
Without Registration. If, at the time of the surrender of this Warrant in connection with any exercise, transfer, or exchange
of this Warrant, this Warrant (or, in the case of any exercise, the Warrant Shares issuable hereunder), shall not be registered under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) and under applicable state securities or blue sky laws, the
Company may require, as a condition of allowing such exercise, transfer, or exchange, (i) that the Holder or transferee of this Warrant,
as the case may be, furnish to the Company a written opinion of counsel, which opinion and counsel are acceptable to the Company, to the
effect that such exercise, transfer, or exchange may be made without registration under said Act and under applicable state securities
or blue sky laws, (ii) that the Holder or transferee execute and deliver to the Company an investment representation letter in form and
substance acceptable to the Company and (iii) that the transferee be an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a) promulgated
under the Securities Act and provides representations to that effect in form and substance acceptable to the Company; provided that no
such opinion, letter or status as an accredited investor shall be required in connection with a transfer pursuant to Rule
144 under the Securities Act. The first holder of this Warrant, by taking and holding the same, represents to the Company that such holder
is acquiring this Warrant for investment and not with a view to the distribution thereof. In no event shall the Holder be permitted to
assign the Warrant unless provided with express written consent by the Company.

4

8. Notices. All
notices, requests, and other communications required or permitted to be given or delivered hereunder to the Holder shall be in writing,
and shall be personally delivered, or shall be sent by certified or registered mail or by recognized overnight mail courier, postage prepaid
and addressed, to such holder at the address shown for such holder on the books of the Company, or at such other address as shall have
been furnished to the Company by notice from such holder. All notices, requests, and other communications required or permitted to be
given or delivered hereunder to the Company shall be in writing, and shall be personally delivered, or shall be sent by certified or registered
mail or by recognized overnight mail courier, postage prepaid and addressed, to the office of the Company at 1580 N. Logan St., Suite
660, Unit 51767, Denver, Colorado 80203 Attn: Graham N. Arad or legal@authid.ai or at such other address as shall have been furnished
to the Holder by notice from the Company. Any such notice, request, or other communication may be sent by e-mail. All notices, requests,
and other communications shall be deemed to have been given either at the time of the receipt thereof by the person entitled to receive
such notice at the address of such person for purposes of this Section 8, or, if mailed by registered or certified mail or with a recognized
overnight mail courier upon deposit with the United States Post Office or such overnight mail courier, if postage is prepaid and the mailing
is properly addressed, as the case may be.

9. Governing
Law. This Warrant shall be enforced, governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York applicable
to agreements made and to be performed entirely within such state, without regard to the principles of conflict of laws. The parties hereto
hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts, Federal and State located in New York County, New York with respect to any
dispute arising under this Warrant, the agreements entered into in connection herewith or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby.
Both parties irrevocably waive the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such suit or proceeding. Both parties further
agree that service of process upon a party mailed by first class mail shall be deemed in every respect effective service of process upon
the party in any such suit or proceeding. Nothing herein shall affect either partys right to serve process in any other manner
permitted by law. The party which does not prevail in any dispute arising under this Warrant shall be responsible for all fees and expenses,
including attorneys fees, incurred by the prevailing party in connection with such dispute.

10. Miscellaneous.

(a) Amendments. This
Warrant and any provision hereof may only be amended by an instrument in writing signed by the Company and the Holder.

(b) Descriptive Headings. The
descriptive headings of the several paragraphs of this Warrant are inserted for purposes of reference only and shall not affect the meaning
or construction of any of the provisions hereof.

(c) Remedies.
The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder, by vitiating the
intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of
its obligations under this Warrant will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Company of the
provisions of this Warrant, that the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies at law or in equity, and in
addition to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach of this Warrant
and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions thereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other
security being required.

5

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
Company has caused this Warrant to be signed by its duly authorized officer.

authID INC.

By: 

Edward Sellitto

Chief Financial Officer

6

FORM OF NOTICE OF EXERCISE

Dated: ________ __, 20__

To: authID Inc. 

1580 N. Logan St Ste 660 

Unit 51767 

Denver, Colorado 80203 

Attn: General Counsel 

legal@authid.ai 

The undersigned, pursuant
to the provisions set forth in the within Warrant, hereby agrees to purchase _____________ shares of Common Stock covered by such Warrant.
The undersigned intends that payment of the Exercise Price shall be made as follows (check one and initial)

a cash exercise
in the amount of $________ by means of wire transfer to Companys bank account within two banking days of the date hereof;
or

a cashless
exercise in accordance with Section 1(b) of the Warrant

Please issue such shares of
Common Stock in the name of and pay any cash for any fractional share to:

Name: 

Signature: 

Address: 

Note: The above signature should correspond exactly with the name on the face of the within Warrant, if applicable.

7

FORM OF ASSIGNMENT

FOR VALUE RECEIVED,
the undersigned hereby sells, assigns, and transfers all the rights of the undersigned under the within Warrant, with respect to the number
of shares of Common Stock covered thereby set forth hereinbelow, to:

Name of Assignee Address No of Shares

, and hereby irrevocably constitutes and appoints ___________________________________
as agent and attorney-in-fact to transfer said Warrant on the books of the within-named corporation, with full power of substitution in
the premises.

Dated: ________ __, 20__

In the presence of: 

Name: 

Signature: 

Title of Signing Officer or Agent (if any):

Address: 

Note: The above signature should correspond exactly with the name on the face of the within Warrant, if applicable.

8
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.7
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ea023660501ex10-7_authid.htm
<DESCRIPTION>STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT ISSUED TO DOMINARI SECURITIES LLC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.7

Warrant No. 2025-02

NEITHER THE WARRANT NOR THE SHARES ISSUABLE UPON
EXERCISE OF THE WARRANT HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR
UNDER THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATES. THE WARRANT AND THE SHARES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THE WARRANT ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS
ON TRANSFERABILITY AND RESALE AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED OR RESOLD EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND THE APPLICABLE STATE
SECURITIES LAWS. UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, THE ISSUER OF THESE SECURITIES
MAY REQUIRE AN OPINION OF COUNSEL IN FORM AND SUBSTANCE SATISFACTORY TO THE ISSUER TO THE EFFECT THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT.

Right to Purchase

91,556

Shares of Common Stock,

par value $0.0001 per share

STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

THIS CERTIFIES THAT,
for value received, the person named below (the Holder) or its registered assigns, is entitled to purchase from authID
Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), at any time or from time to time during the period specified in Paragraph 2
hereof, the number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of the Companys Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common
Stock), at an exercise price per share (the Exercise Price) each as are set forth in the Warrant details below.

Warrant Information. 

(a) Date of Warrant: April 1, 2025

(b) Holder: Dominari Securities, LLC

(c) Holder Address: 725 Fifth Avenue

New York, New York 10022

(d) Number of Warrant Shares: 91,556

(e) Exercise Price: $4.50

(f) Expiration Date: April 1, 2030

The term Warrant Shares,
as used herein, refers to the shares of Common Stock purchasable hereunder. The Warrant Shares and the Exercise Price are subject to adjustment
as provided in Paragraph 4 hereof.

This Warrant is subject to the following terms,
provisions, and conditions:

1. Manner of Exercise; Issuance
of Shares; Payment for Shares.

(a) Subject to the
provisions hereof, this Warrant may be exercised by the Holder, in whole or in part, by the surrender of this Warrant, together with a
completed notice of exercise in the form attached hereto (the Notice of Exercise), to the Company during normal business
hours on any business day at the Companys principal executive offices (or such other office or agency of the Company as it may
designate by notice to the Holder), and upon payment to the Company in cash, by certified or official bank check or by wire transfer for
the account of the Company of the Exercise Price for the Warrant Shares specified in the Notice of Exercise. The Warrant Shares so purchased
shall be deemed to be issued to the Holder or such Holders designee, as the record owner of such Shares, as of the close of business
on the date on which this Warrant shall have been surrendered, the completed Notice of Exercise shall have been delivered, and payment
shall have been made for such Shares as set forth above. The Company will direct the Companys Transfer Agent to issue to the Holder
the Warrant Shares to which Holder is entitled within a reasonable time, not exceeding three (3) business days, after this Warrant shall
have been so exercised. If this Warrant shall have been exercised only in part, then, unless this Warrant has expired, the Company shall,
at its expense, at the time of delivery of such certificates or other evidence, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant representing the number
of Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant shall not then have been exercised.

(b) If at any time
on or after the six-month anniversary of the date of this Warrant, there is no Registration Statement effective and available for use
by the Holder to resell the Warrant Shares immediately upon exercise of this Warrant, this Warrant may also be exercised in whole or in
part by means of a cashless or net exercise, in the following manner. Under a cashless exercise the Holder shall be entitled
to receive the number of Warrant Shares which is equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) X (C)] by (A) where:

A = The Market Price of the Warrant Shares defined as the average of the last reported sale prices on the principal trading market for the Common Stock during the five (5) trading days immediately preceding such exercise date.

B = The Exercise Price hereunder (as adjusted).

C = The number of Warrant Shares that the Holder wishes to exercise as set forth in the applicable Notice of Exercise.

(c) All Warrant
Shares will be issued in Book Entry form and no certificates will be issued, unless the Warrant Shares are then registered
under the Securities Act, or if the Company receives a written opinion of counsel, which opinion and counsel are acceptable to the Company,
to the effect that such Warrant Shares may freely transferred without registration under said Act and under applicable state securities
or blue sky laws, in which case they may be issued to the Holder by DWAC, upon Holder providing the necessary information. Unless the
Warrant Shares are then so registered, the Warrant Shares will be restricted securities under applicable securities laws
and pursuant to these laws, Holder must hold the Warrant Shares indefinitely unless they are registered with the SEC and qualified by
state authorities, or an exemption from such registration and qualification requirements is available. Holder acknowledges that the
Company has no obligation to register or qualify the Warrant Shares for resale. 

(d) Unless the Warrant
Shares are then registered under the Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall bear a legend substantially to the following effect (as
well as any legends required by applicable state corporate law or federal or state securities laws):

THESE SHARES HAVE NOT BEEN
REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 (THE ACT) AND ARE RESTRICTED SECURITIES AS THAT TERM IS DEFINED
IN RULE 144 UNDER THE ACT. THESE SHARES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED, ASSIGNED, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED EXCEPT (I) PURSUANT
TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE ACT, OR (II) UNLESS THE ISSUER HAS RECEIVED AN OPINION OF COUNSEL SATISFACTORY TO IT
THAT THESE SHARES MAY BE SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR ANOTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION UNDER THE ACT AND THE RULES AND REGULATIONS THEREUNDER.

To ensure compliance with the restrictions referred
to herein, the Company may issue appropriate stop transfer instructions to its transfer agent.

(e) Notwithstanding
anything in this Warrant to the contrary, in no event shall the Holder be entitled to exercise a number of Warrants (or portions thereof)
in excess of the number of Warrants (or portions thereof) upon exercise of which the sum of (i) the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially
owned by the Holder and its affiliates (other than shares of Common Stock which may be deemed beneficially owned through the ownership
of the unexercised Warrants and the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other securities of the Company subject to a limitation
on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein) and (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise
of the Warrants (or portions thereof) with respect to which the determination described herein is being made, would result in beneficial
ownership by the Holder and its affiliates of more than 4.99% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock. For purposes of the immediately
preceding sentence, beneficial ownership shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, and Regulation 13D-G thereunder, except as otherwise provided in clause (i) of the preceding sentence. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary contained herein, the limitation on exercise of this Warrant set forth herein may not be amended without the written consent
of the Holder and the Company.

2

2. Period
of Exercise. This Warrant is exercisable at any time or from time to time on or after the date on which this Warrant is issued
and delivered and before 6:00 p.m., New York, New York time on the date set forth in paragraph (f) under Warrant Details
above (the Exercise Period).

3. Certain
Agreements of the Company. The Company hereby covenants and agrees as follows:

(a) Shares to be
Fully Paid. All Warrant Shares will, upon issuance in accordance with the terms of this Warrant, be validly issued, fully
paid, and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens, and charges with respect to the issue thereof.

(b) Reservation of
Shares. During the Exercise Period, the Company shall at all times have authorized, and reserved for the purpose of issuance
upon exercise of this Warrant, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock to provide for the exercise of this Warrant.

(c) Successors and
Assigns. This Warrant will be binding upon any entity succeeding to the Company by merger, consolidation, or acquisition
of all or substantially all the Companys assets.

4. Adjustment
Provisions. During the Exercise Period, the Exercise Price and the number of Warrant Shares shall be subject to adjustment
from time to time as provided in this Paragraph 4. In the event that any adjustment of the Exercise Price as required herein results in
a fraction of a cent, such Exercise Price shall be rounded up to the nearest cent.

(a) Subdivision or
Combination of Common Stock. If the Company at any time subdivides (by any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization,
reorganization, reclassification or otherwise) the shares of Common Stock acquirable hereunder into a greater number of shares, then,
after the date of record for effecting such subdivision, the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such subdivision will be proportionately
reduced. If the Company at any time combines (by reverse stock split, recapitalization, reorganization, reclassification or otherwise)
the shares of Common Stock acquirable hereunder into a smaller number of shares, then, after the date of record for effecting such combination,
the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such combination will be proportionately increased.

(b) Adjustment in
Number of Shares. Upon each adjustment of the Exercise Price pursuant to the provisions of this Paragraph 4(a), the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be adjusted by multiplying a number equal to the Exercise Price
in effect immediately prior to such adjustment by the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant immediately
prior to such adjustment and dividing the product so obtained by the adjusted Exercise Price.

(c) Consolidation,
Merger or Sale. In case of any consolidation of the Company with, or merger of the Company into any other corporation, or
in case of any sale or conveyance of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company other than in connection with a plan of complete
liquidation of the Company, then as a condition of such consolidation, merger or sale or conveyance, adequate provision will be made whereby
the Holder will have the right to acquire and receive upon exercise of this Warrant in lieu of the shares of Common Stock immediately
theretofore acquirable upon the exercise of this Warrant, such shares of stock, securities or assets as may be issued or payable with
respect to or in exchange for the number of shares of Common Stock immediately theretofore acquirable and receivable upon exercise of
this Warrant had such consolidation, merger or sale or conveyance not taken place. In any such case, the Company will make appropriate
provision to insure that the provisions of this Paragraph 4 hereof will thereafter be applicable as nearly as may be in relation to any
shares of stock or securities thereafter deliverable upon the exercise of this Warrant. The Company will not effect any consolidation,
merger or sale or conveyance unless prior to the consummation thereof, the successor corporation (if other than the Company) assumes by
written instrument the obligations under this Paragraph 4 and the obligations to deliver to the Holder such shares of stock, securities
or assets as, in accordance with the foregoing provisions, the Holder may be entitled to acquire.

3

5. Issue
Tax. The issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant shall be made without charge to the Holder or such
shares for any issuance tax or other costs in respect thereof, provided that the Company shall not be required to pay any tax which may
be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issuance and delivery of any certificate in a name other than the Holder.

6. No
Rights or Liabilities as a Shareholder. This Warrant shall not entitle the Holder to any voting rights or other rights as
a shareholder of the Company. No provision of this Warrant, in the absence of affirmative action by the Holder to purchase Warrant Shares,
and no mere enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of such Holder for the Exercise
Price or as a shareholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company.

7. Transfer,
Exchange, and Replacement of Warrant.

(a) Procedure on
Transfer. This Warrant and the rights granted to the Holder are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this
Warrant, together with a properly executed assignment in the form attached hereto, at the office or agency of the Company. Until due presentment
for registration of transfer on the books of the Company, the Company may treat the registered Holder as the owner and holder of this
Warrant for all purposes, and the Company shall not be affected by any notice to the contrary.

(b) Warrant Exchangeable
for Different Denominations. This Warrant is exchangeable, upon the surrender hereof by the Holder at the office or agency
of the Company, for new Warrants of like tenor representing in the aggregate the right to purchase the number of shares of Common Stock
which may be purchased hereunder, each of such new Warrants to represent the right to purchase such number of shares as shall be designated
by the Holder at the time of such surrender.

(c) Replacement of
Warrant. Upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction, or mutilation of
this Warrant and, in the case of any such loss, theft, or destruction, upon delivery of an indemnity agreement reasonably satisfactory
in form and amount to the Company, or, in the case of any such mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of this Warrant, the Company,
at its expense, will execute and deliver, in lieu thereof, a new Warrant of like tenor.

(d) Cancellation. Upon
the surrender of this Warrant in connection with any transfer, exchange, or replacement as provided in this Paragraph 7, this Warrant
shall be promptly canceled by the Company.

(e) Register. The
Company shall maintain, at its principal executive offices (or such other office or agency of the Company as it may designate by notice
to the Holder), a register for this Warrant, in which the Company shall record the name and address of the person in whose name this Warrant
has been issued, as well as the name and address of each transferee and each prior owner of this Warrant.

(f) Exercise or Transfer
Without Registration. If, at the time of the surrender of this Warrant in connection with any exercise, transfer, or exchange
of this Warrant, this Warrant (or, in the case of any exercise, the Warrant Shares issuable hereunder), shall not be registered under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) and under applicable state securities or blue sky laws, the
Company may require, as a condition of allowing such exercise, transfer, or exchange, (i) that the Holder or transferee of this Warrant,
as the case may be, furnish to the Company a written opinion of counsel, which opinion and counsel are acceptable to the Company, to the
effect that such exercise, transfer, or exchange may be made without registration under said Act and under applicable state securities
or blue sky laws, (ii) that the Holder or transferee execute and deliver to the Company an investment representation letter in form and
substance acceptable to the Company and (iii) that the transferee be an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a) promulgated
under the Securities Act and provides representations to that effect in form and substance acceptable to the Company; provided that no
such opinion, letter or status as an accredited investor shall be required in connection with a transfer pursuant to Rule
144 under the Securities Act. The first holder of this Warrant, by taking and holding the same, represents to the Company that such holder
is acquiring this Warrant for investment and not with a view to the distribution thereof. In no event shall the Holder be permitted to
assign the Warrant unless provided with express written consent by the Company.

4

8. Notices. All
notices, requests, and other communications required or permitted to be given or delivered hereunder to the Holder shall be in writing,
and shall be personally delivered, or shall be sent by certified or registered mail or by recognized overnight mail courier, postage prepaid
and addressed, to such holder at the address shown for such holder on the books of the Company, or at such other address as shall have
been furnished to the Company by notice from such holder. All notices, requests, and other communications required or permitted to be
given or delivered hereunder to the Company shall be in writing, and shall be personally delivered, or shall be sent by certified or registered
mail or by recognized overnight mail courier, postage prepaid and addressed, to the office of the Company at 1580 N. Logan St., Suite
660, Unit 51767, Denver, Colorado 80203 Attn: Graham N. Arad or legal@authid.ai or at such other address as shall have been furnished
to the Holder by notice from the Company. Any such notice, request, or other communication may be sent by e-mail. All notices, requests,
and other communications shall be deemed to have been given either at the time of the receipt thereof by the person entitled to receive
such notice at the address of such person for purposes of this Section 8, or, if mailed by registered or certified mail or with a recognized
overnight mail courier upon deposit with the United States Post Office or such overnight mail courier, if postage is prepaid and the mailing
is properly addressed, as the case may be.

9. Governing
Law. This Warrant shall be enforced, governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York applicable
to agreements made and to be performed entirely within such state, without regard to the principles of conflict of laws. The parties hereto
hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts, Federal and State located in New York County, New York with respect to any
dispute arising under this Warrant, the agreements entered into in connection herewith or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby.
Both parties irrevocably waive the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such suit or proceeding. Both parties further
agree that service of process upon a party mailed by first class mail shall be deemed in every respect effective service of process upon
the party in any such suit or proceeding. Nothing herein shall affect either partys right to serve process in any other manner
permitted by law. The party which does not prevail in any dispute arising under this Warrant shall be responsible for all fees and expenses,
including attorneys fees, incurred by the prevailing party in connection with such dispute.

10. Miscellaneous.

(a) Amendments. This
Warrant and any provision hereof may only be amended by an instrument in writing signed by the Company and the Holder.

(b) Descriptive Headings. The
descriptive headings of the several paragraphs of this Warrant are inserted for purposes of reference only and shall not affect the meaning
or construction of any of the provisions hereof.

(c) Remedies.
The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder, by vitiating the
intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of
its obligations under this Warrant will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Company of the
provisions of this Warrant, that the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies at law or in equity, and in
addition to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach of this Warrant
and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions thereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other
security being required.

5

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
Company has caused this Warrant to be signed by its duly authorized officer.

authID INC.

By: 

Edward Sellitto

Chief Financial Officer

6

FORM OF NOTICE OF EXERCISE

Dated: ________ __, 20__

To: authID Inc. 

1580 N. Logan St Ste 660 

Unit 51767 

Denver, Colorado 80203 

Attn: General Counsel 

legal@authid.ai 

The undersigned, pursuant
to the provisions set forth in the within Warrant, hereby agrees to purchase _____________ shares of Common Stock covered by such Warrant.
The undersigned intends that payment of the Exercise Price shall be made as follows (check one and initial)

a cash exercise
in the amount of $________ by means of wire transfer to Companys bank account within two banking days of the date hereof;
or

a cashless
exercise in accordance with Section 1(b) of the Warrant

Please issue such shares of
Common Stock in the name of and pay any cash for any fractional share to:

Name: 

Signature: 

Address: 

Note: The above signature should correspond exactly with the name on the face of the within Warrant, if applicable.

7

FORM OF ASSIGNMENT

FOR VALUE RECEIVED,
the undersigned hereby sells, assigns, and transfers all the rights of the undersigned under the within Warrant, with respect to the number
of shares of Common Stock covered thereby set forth hereinbelow, to:

Name of Assignee Address No of Shares

, and hereby irrevocably constitutes and appoints ___________________________________
as agent and attorney-in-fact to transfer said Warrant on the books of the within-named corporation, with full power of substitution in
the premises.

Dated: ________ __, 20__

In the presence of: 

Name: 

Signature: 

Title of Signing Officer or Agent (if any):

Address: 

Note: The above signature should correspond exactly with the name on the face of the within Warrant, if applicable.

8
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>image_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>ex10-3_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>ex10-3_002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>auid-20250331.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>auid-20250331_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>auid-20250331_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 31, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 31, 2025

Entity File Number 001-40747

Entity Registrant Name authID Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001534154

Entity Tax Identification Number 46-2069547

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 1580 N. Logan St.

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 660

Entity Address, Address Line Three Unit 51767

Entity Address, City or Town Denver

Entity Address, State or Province CO

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 80222

City Area Code 516

Local Phone Number 274-8700

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol AUID

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period true

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 3 such as an Office Park+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine3

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
25 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://authid.ai/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

auid-20250331.xsd 
auid-20250331_lab.xml 
auid-20250331_pre.xml 
ea0236605-8k_authid.htm 

image_001.jpg 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-027527-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>ea0236605-8k_authid_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001534154 

2025-03-31 
2025-03-31 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001534154 
8-K 
2025-03-31 
authID Inc. 
DE 
001-40747 
46-2069547 
1580 N. Logan St. 
Suite 660 
Unit 51767 
Denver 
CO 
80222 
516 
274-8700 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock par value $0.0001 per share 
AUID 
NASDAQ 
true 
true
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>