<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001171843-25-001586.txt : 20250320
<SEC-HEADER>0001171843-25-001586.hdr.sgml : 20250320
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250320070017
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001171843-25-001586
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250314
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250320
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250320

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Predictive Oncology Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001446159
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ORTHOPEDIC, PROSTHETIC & SURGICAL APPLIANCES & SUPPLIES [3842]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				331007393
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36790
		FILM NUMBER:		25754455

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		91 43RD STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 110
		CITY:			PITTSBURGH
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15201
		BUSINESS PHONE:		412-432-1500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		91 43RD STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 110
		CITY:			PITTSBURGH
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15201

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Precision Therapeutics Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180314

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Precision Therapeutic Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180208

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Skyline Medical Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130807
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>f8k_031925.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?Form 8-K

0001446159False00014461592025-03-142025-03-14iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

_________________

FORM 8-K

_________________

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 14, 2025

_______________________________

Predictive Oncology Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

_______________________________

Delaware 001-36790 33-1007393

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

91 43rd Street, Suite 110

Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania15201

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

(412) 432-1500

(Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

_______________________________

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common stock, $0.01 par value POAI Nasdaq Capital Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On March 14, 2025, Predictive Oncology Inc. a Delaware corporation (Predictive Oncology or the Company), entered into an asset purchase agreement (the Agreement) and closed the transactions contemplated therein with DeRoyal Industries, Inc., a Tennessee corporation (DeRoyal), to sell and assign to DeRoyal assets and liabilities exclusively related to the business of providing products for automated, direct-to-drain medical fluid disposal, including the Companys STREAMWAY product line (the Business). These assets were operated by the Companys wholly owned subsidiary, Skyline Medical Inc. (Skyline Medical) and were reported in the Companys Eagan reportable operating segment in its quarterly and annual filings.

The purchased assets exclusively related to the business of providing products for automated, direct-to-drain medical fluid disposal included (a) inventories, prototypes, packaging, supplies, parts, and equipment of the Business; (b) trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights, trade secrets and know-how, patents and patent applications, and other intellectual property and related proprietary rights exclusively related to the Business; (c) books and records exclusively related to the Business, including all drawings, documentation, research and development files, device master records, design history files, validation data, test reports, manufacturing instructions and procedures, records and data; (d) permits, licenses, franchises, approvals, certifications, authorizations, and consents required to be obtained from Governmental Authorities; (e) contracts with customers; (f) furniture, fixtures, equipment, supplies and other tangible personal property; (g) real property leased by Seller and exclusively used in connection with the Business; and (h) cash and accounts receivable due within ninety (90) days after the Closing Date exclusively related to the Business. The total purchase price for the purchased assets was $625,000, plus the assumption of certain liabilities related to the Business including the lease for the office and warehouse space located at 2915 Commers Drive Suite 900 Eagan, MN 55121, accounts payable due within 90 days after the closing date, and contract liabilities associated with the Business. The Agreement included certain post-closing covenants customary for a transaction of this nature.

The foregoing description of the Agreement is only a summary and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of the Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference in this Item 1.01.

Item 8.01. Other Events.

On March 20, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing it had entered into the Agreement described above. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit No. Description

10.1 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated March 14, 2025, by and between Predictive Oncology Inc. and DeRoyal Industries, Inc. 

99.1 Press release dated March 20, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Predictive Oncology Inc.

Date: March 20, 2025 By: /s/ Josh Blacher 

Josh Blacher

Interim Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>exh_101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This Asset Purchase Agreement (this Agreement)
dated as of March 14, 2025 is entered into between Predictive Oncology Inc., a Delaware corporation (Seller), and
DeRoyal Industries, Inc., a Tennessee corporation (Buyer). Capitalized terms used in this Agreement have the meanings
given to such terms herein.

RECITALS

WHEREAS, in addition to its other businesses, Seller
is engaged in the business of providing products for automated, direct-to-drain medical fluid disposal (the Business);

WHEREAS, Seller desires to sell and assign to Buyer
and Buyer desires to purchase and assume from Seller, subject to the terms and conditions certain assets and liabilities exclusively related
to the Business (the Assets); and

WHEREAS, the Assets include Sellers STREAMWAY product line developed
by Seller.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements
hereinafter set forth and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged,
the parties hereto agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

PURCHASE AND SALE

Section 1.01 Purchase and Sale of Assets.
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, at the Closing, Seller shall sell, convey, assign, transfer, and deliver to
Buyer, and Buyer shall purchase from Seller, all of Sellers right, title, and interest in, to, and under the following
assets, properties and rights of Seller, to the extent that such assets, properties and rights exist as of the Closing Date and
exclusively relate to the Business, including but not limited to the following (the Purchased Assets):

(a) 
all inventory, finished goods, raw materials, work in progress, prototypes, packaging, supplies, parts, equipment and other inventories
of the Business (the Inventory);

(b) 
all (a) trademarks, service marks, trade names, and similar indicia of source of origin, all registrations and applications for
registration thereof, and the goodwill connected with the use of and symbolized by the foregoing; (b) copyrights and all
registrations and applications for registration thereof; (c) trade secrets and know-how; (d) patents and patent applications; (e)
internet domain name registrations; and (f) other intellectual property and related proprietary rights (Intellectual
Property) that are owned by the Seller and exclusively used in the Business and set forth on Section 1.01(b) of the
Disclosure Schedules;

(c) 
originals or, where not available, copies, of all books and records exclusively related to the Business, including all drawings,
documentation, research and development files, device master records, design history files, validation data, test reports,
manufacturing instructions and procedures, records and data (including all correspondence with any federal, state, local or foreign
government, government agency, or court, collectively, Governmental Authority), and any other document owned by
Seller used in the development, registration and manufacture of Assets (the Books and Records);

(d) 
Permits listed on Section 1.01(d) of the Disclosure Schedules but only to the extent such Permits may be transferred under Applicable
Law (the Assigned Permits). For purposes of this Agreement Permits means all permits, licenses,
franchises, approvals, certifications, authorizations and consents required to be obtained from Governmental Authorities;

(e) 
all Contracts set forth on Section 1.01(e) of the Disclosure Schedules (the Assigned Contracts). For purposes of
this Agreement Contracts means all contracts, leases, licenses, instruments, notes, commitments, undertakings, indentures,
joint ventures and all other agreements, commitments and legally binding arrangements, whether written or oral;

(f) 
all furniture, fixtures, equipment, supplies and other tangible personal property owned by the Seller and located at the real property
leased by Seller and disclosed on Section 1.01(g) of the Disclosure Schedules;

(g) 
all real property leased by Seller and exclusively used in connection with the Business set forth on Section 1.01(g) of the Disclosure
Schedules; and

(h) 
all cash and accounts receivable due within ninety (90) days after the Closing Date, in each case, exclusively related to the Business
(the Short Term Accounts Receivable) set forth on Section 1.01(h) of the Disclosure Schedules.

From and after the Closing Date, to the extent that Buyer
or any of its Affiliates is in possession of any assets that were primarily used in the business of Seller and its Affiliates (other than
the Business), Buyer, upon becoming aware of such fact, shall promptly use its reasonable efforts to cause the Person having possession
of such asset to cause the transfer, assignment, conveyance and delivery of such asset to Seller, in each case without the payment of
any additional consideration.

Section 1.02 Excluded Assets. Other than the
Purchased Assets, Buyer expressly understands and agrees that it is not purchasing or acquiring, and the Seller is not selling or
assigning, any other assets or properties of the Seller, and all such other assets and properties shall be excluded from the
Purchased Assets (the Excluded Assets). Excluded Assets include, but shall not be limited to, the assets,
properties and rights specifically set forth on Section 1.02 of the Disclosure Schedules.

Section 1.03 Assumed
Liabilities; Excluded Liabilities. Buyer shall assume and agree to pay, perform and discharge when due any and all Liabilities
of Seller arising out of or relating to the Business or the Purchased Assets on or after the Closing, including, without limitation,
any accounts payable of the Business due within ninety (90) days after the Closing Date and set forth on Section 1.03 of the
Disclosure Schedules (the Short Term Accounts Payable), other than the Excluded Liabilities (the
Assumed Liabilities). Buyer shall not assume any Liabilities arising out of or relating to Sellers
ownership or operation of the Business and the Purchased Assets prior to the Closing, other than the Short Term Accounts Payable
(the Excluded Liabilities). For purposes of this Agreement, Liabilities means liabilities,
obligations or commitments of any nature whatsoever, whether asserted or unasserted, known or unknown, absolute or contingent,
accrued or unaccrued, matured or unmatured or otherwise.

2 

Section 1.04 Purchase Price. The total purchase price
for the Purchased Assets shall be $625,000, plus the assumption of the Assumed Liabilities (collectively, the
Purchase Price), which shall be payable in immediately available cash. Buyer shall pay the Purchase Price by
wire transfer to Seller of immediately available funds in accordance with the wire transfer instructions set forth on Section 1.04
of the Disclosure Schedules.

Section 1.05 Allocation of Purchase Price. The
Purchase Price shall be allocated among the Purchased Assets for all purposes (including Tax and financial accounting) as defined in
Section 3.10 and shown on the allocation schedule set forth on Section 1.05 of the Disclosure Schedules (the Allocation
Schedule). The Allocation Schedule shall be prepared in accordance with Section 1060 of the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended. Buyer and Seller shall file all returns, declarations, reports, information returns and statements, and other
documents relating to Taxes (including amended returns and claims for refund), including, without limitation, IRS Form 8594
(Tax Returns) in a manner consistent with the Allocation Schedule.

Section 1.06 Withholding Tax. Buyer shall be
entitled to deduct and withhold from the Purchase Price all Taxes that Buyer is required to deduct and withhold under any provision
of Tax Law as set forth on Section 1.06 of the Disclosure Schedules.

Section 1.07 Third-Party Consents. To the extent
that Sellers rights under any Purchased Asset may not be assigned to Buyer without the consent of another Person as set forth on
Section 1.07 of the Disclosure Schedules which has not been obtained, this Agreement shall not constitute an agreement to assign the same
if an attempted assignment would constitute a breach thereof or be unlawful, and Buyer and Seller shall use commercially reasonable efforts,
and shall cooperate with each other, to obtain any such required consent(s) as promptly as possible; provided, however, that neither
Seller nor Buyer shall be required to pay any consideration therefor. If any such consent shall not be obtained or if any attempted assignment
would be ineffective or would impair Buyers rights under the Purchased Asset in question so that Buyer would not in effect acquire
the benefit of all such rights, Buyer and Seller shall use commercially reasonable efforts to enter into such arrangements (such as subleasing,
sublicensing or subcontracting) to provide to the parties the economic and, to the extent permitted under applicable Law, operational
equivalent of the transfer of such Purchased Asset and/or Assumed Liability to Buyer as of the Closing.

3 

ARTICLE II

CLOSING

Section 2.01 Closing. Subject to the terms and
conditions of this Agreement, the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the Closing)
shall take place on March 14, 2025 by the contemporaneous exchange of executed documents or in such other manner as Seller and Buyer
may mutually agree upon in writing. The date on which the Closing is to occur is herein referred to as the Closing
Date.

Section 2.02 Closing Deliverables.

(a) At the Closing, Seller shall deliver to Buyer the following:

(i) 
a bill of sale in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto (the Bill of Sale) and duly executed by Seller;

(ii) 
An assignment by Seller and assumption by Buyer of all Purchased Assets in the form of Exhibit B attached hereto (the Assignment
and Assumption Agreement) and duly executed by Seller and Buyer;

(iii) 
a 510(k) assignment agreement in the form of Exhibit C attached hereto and duly executed by Seller, effecting the assignment to
Buyer of the market clearance for the Streamway Fluid Management System issued by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA)
and having a 510(k) Number of K090759;

(iv) 
a trademark assignment agreement in the form of Exhibit D attached hereto and duly executed by Seller, effecting the assignment
to Buyer of the trademark;

(v) 
patent assignment agreement in the form of Exhibit E attached hereto and duly executed by Seller, effecting the assignment to Buyer
of the patents that are Purchased Assets (the Patent Assignment);

(vi) 
an IRS Form W-9 duly executed by Seller; and

(vii) 
a certificate of the President and Chief Executive Officer of Seller certifying as to (A) the resolutions of the board of directors of
Seller, which authorize the execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement, the Assignment and Assumption Agreement, and the other
agreements, instruments, and documents required to be delivered in connection with this Agreement or at the Closing (collectively, the
Transaction Documents) and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, and (B) the names
and signatures of the officers of the Seller authorized to sign this Agreement and the other Transaction Document.

(b) At the Closing, Buyer shall deliver to Seller the following:

(i) the Purchase Price by wire transfer of immediately available funds;

4 

(ii) 
the Assignment and Assumption Agreement duly executed by Buyer; and

(iii) 
a certificate of the Secretary (or equivalent officer) of Buyer certifying as to (A) the resolutions of the board of directors and
shareholder(s) of Buyer, which authorize the execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement and the Transaction Documents
and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, and (B) the names and signatures of the officers of Buyer
authorized to sign this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents.

Section 2.03 Post Closing Covenants

(a) 
Post Closing Assigned Contracts Covenant. After the Closing Date, Seller shall use its reasonable best efforts to promptly obtain all
consents required to be obtained to assign the Assigned Contracts to Buyer, provided that Seller shall not be obligated to incur out of
pocket costs or expenses in relation thereto.

(b) 
Post Closing IP Covenant. After the Closing Date, Seller shall take steps prior to 5 p.m. EDT Thursday, March 20, 2025, to file and
record all documents required to properly title the Purchased Assets identified as Intellectual Property patents obtained in foreign
jurisdictions as set forth in Section 1.01(b) in the Disclosure Schedule at Sellers sole expense and shall provide copies of
the documents evidencing compliance with this provision to Buyer immediately following transmission to the applicable patent office.
Such name change documentation shall be deemed ancillary documentation to this Agreement. Thereafter, Buyer shall be free to record
the patent assignment set forth in Exhibit E of this Agreement of such Intellectual Property with the applicable patent office.
Seller agrees to reasonably cooperate with Buyer, at Sellers sole expense, in the event that Buyer encounters any issues
recording the Patent Assignment with any applicable patent office due to any issues related to Sellers recordation or non-
recordation of the name change documents.

(c) 
Post-Closing ISO Certification. After the Closing Date, Seller and Buyer shall work together to determine audit services needed for ISO
13485 certification renewal and communication of same to BSI Group.

(d) 
The covenants in this Section 2.03 shall survive the Closing Date for a period of one year.

ARTICLE III

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER

Except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedules attached hereto,
Seller represents and warrants to Buyer that the statements contained in this ARTICLE III are true and correct as of the date hereof.

5 

Section 3.01 Organization and Authority of Seller. Seller
is a corporation duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the Laws of the State of Delaware. Seller has full
corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which Seller is a party, to carry
out its obligations hereunder and thereunder, and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The execution and
delivery by Seller of this Agreement and any other Transaction Document to which Seller is a party, the performance by Seller of its
obligations hereunder and thereunder, and the consummation by Seller of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been
duly authorized by all requisite corporate action on the part of Seller. This Agreement and the Transaction Documents constitute
legal, valid, and binding obligations of Seller enforceable against Seller in accordance with their respective terms.

Section 3.02 No Conflicts or Consents. The execution,
delivery, and performance by Seller of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, and the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, do not and will not: (a) violate or conflict with any provision of the bylaws or
other governing documents of Seller; (b) violate or conflict with any provision of any statute, law, ordinance, regulation, rule, code,
constitution, treaty, common law, other requirement, or rule of law of any Governmental Authority (collectively, Law)
or any order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, stipulation, determination, penalty, or award entered by or with any Governmental Authority
(Governmental Order) applicable to Seller, the Business, or the Purchased Assets; (c) except as set forth in Section
3.02 of the Disclosure Schedules, require the consent, notice, declaration, or filing with or other action by any individual, corporation,
partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, Governmental Authority, unincorporated organization, trust, association, or other
entity (Person) or require any permit, license, or Governmental Order; (d) except as set forth in Section 3.02 of
the Disclosure Schedules, violate or conflict with, result in the acceleration of, or create in any party the right to accelerate, terminate,
modify, or cancel any Contract to which Seller is a party or by which Seller is bound or to which any of the Purchased Assets are subject
(including any Assigned Contract); or (e) result in the creation or imposition of any charge, claim, pledge, equitable interest, lien,
security interest, restriction of any kind, or other encumbrance (Encumbrance) on the Purchased Assets.

Section 3.03 Absence of Certain Changes, Events, and
Conditions. Since January 27, 2025, and other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, there has not
been any change, event, condition, or development that is, or would reasonably be expected to be, individually or in the aggregate, materially
adverse to the financial condition of the Purchased Assets.

Section 3.04 Undisclosed Liabilities. Seller has
no undisclosed Liabilities with respect to the Business or the Purchased Assets, except (a) those which are adequately reflected or reserved
against in the balance sheet of the Seller as of December 31, 2024, and (b) those which have been incurred in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice since December 31, 2024, and which are not, individually or in the aggregate, material in amount.

Section 3.05 Title to Purchased Assets. Seller
has good and valid title to, or a valid leasehold interest in, all of the Purchased Assets, free and clear of Encumbrances, except
for: (a) liens for Taxes not yet due and payable or being contested in good faith by appropriate procedures; and (b) liens arising
under Contracts with third parties entered into in the ordinary course of business.

6 

Section 3.06 Condition and Sufficiency of Assets.
The Purchased Assets are sufficient for the continued operation of the Business after the Closing in substantially the same manner as
conducted by the Seller immediately prior to the Closing and constitute all of the rights, property, and assets necessary to conduct the
Business as currently conducted.

Section 3.07 Inventory. All Inventory, whether or
not reflected in the balance sheet of Seller, consists of a quality and quantity usable and salable in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice, except for obsolete, damaged, defective, or slow-moving items that have been written off or
written down to fair market value or for which adequate reserves have been established.

Section 3.08 Cash; Short Term Accounts
Receivable. All cash and Short Term Accounts Receivables as of the Closing Date are set forth on Section 3.08 of the Disclosure
Schedule.

Section 3.09 Short Term Accounts Payable. All
Short Term Accounts Payable that are known to the Seller as of the Closing Date are set forth on Section 3.09 of the Disclosure Schedule.

Section 3.10 Intellectual
Property. To the knowledge of Seller, the Intellectual Property set forth on Section 1.01(b)
of the Disclosure Schedule does not infringe on any patent, trademark, or other proprietary right of a third party.

Section 3.11 Legal Proceedings; Governmental Orders.

(a) 
There are no claims, actions, causes of action, demands, lawsuits, arbitrations, inquiries, audits, notices of violation, proceedings,
litigation, citations, summons, subpoenas, or investigations of any nature, whether at Law or in equity (collectively, Actions)
pending or, to Sellers knowledge, threatened against or by Seller: (i) relating to or affecting the Purchased Assets; or (ii) that
challenge or seek to prevent, enjoin, or otherwise delay the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. No event has occurred or circumstances
exist that may give rise to, or serve as a basis for, any such Action.

(b) 
Seller is in compliance with all Governmental Orders against, relating to, or affecting the Purchased Assets.

Section 3.12 Compliance with Laws. Seller is in
compliance with all Laws applicable to the ownership and use of the Purchased Assets in all material respects.

Section 3.13 Taxes. Seller has paid all Taxes
shown as owing on all material Tax Returns filed with respect to the Purchased Assets for any tax periods prior to Closing. The term
Tax or Taxes means all federal, state, local, foreign, and other income, gross receipts,
sales, use, production, ad valorem, transfer, documentary, franchise, registration, profits, license, withholding, payroll,
employment, unemployment, excise, severance, stamp, occupation, premium, property (real or personal), customs, duties, or other
taxes, fees, assessments, or charges of any kind whatsoever, together with any interest, additions, or penalties with respect
thereto and the term

7 

Section 3.14 Brokers. No broker, finder, or investment
banker is entitled to any brokerage, finders, or other fee or commission in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement or any other Transaction Document based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of Seller.

Section 3.15 Full Disclosure. No representation
or warranty by Seller in this Agreement and no statement contained in any certificate or other document furnished to or to be furnished
to Buyer pursuant to this Agreement contains any untrue statement of a material fact, or omits to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements contained therein, in light of the circumstances in which they are made, not misleading.

Section 3.16 No Other Representations and Warranties.
Except for the representations and warranties contained in this Article III, neither Seller nor any other Person has made or makes
any other express or implied representation or warranty, either written or oral, on behalf of Seller.

ARTICLE IV

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF BUYER

Buyer represents and warrants to Seller that the statements
contained in this ARTICLE IV are true and correct as of the date hereof.

Section 4.01 Organization and Authority of Buyer. Buyer
is a corporation duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the Laws of the State of Tennessee. Buyer has full corporate
power and authority to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which Buyer is a party, to carry out its obligations
hereunder and thereunder, and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The execution and delivery by Buyer of this
Agreement and any other Transaction Document to which Buyer is a party, the performance by Buyer of its obligations hereunder and thereunder,
and the consummation by Buyer of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all requisite corporate,
board, and shareholder action on the part of Buyer. This Agreement and the Transaction Documents constitute legal, valid, and binding
obligations of Buyer enforceable against Buyer in accordance with their respective terms.

Section 4.02 No Conflicts; Consents. The execution,
delivery, and performance by Buyer of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, and the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, do not and will not: (a) violate or conflict with any provision of the certificate
of incorporation, by-laws, or other organizational documents of Buyer; (b) violate or conflict with any provision of any Law or Governmental
Order applicable to Buyer; or (c) require the consent, notice, declaration, or filing with or other action by any Person or require any
permit, license, or Governmental Order.

8 

Section 4.03 Brokers. No broker, finder, or investment
banker is entitled to any brokerage, finders, or other fee or commission in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement or any other Transaction Document based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of Buyer.

Section 4.04 Legal Proceedings. There are no Actions
pending or, to Buyers knowledge, threatened against or by Buyer that challenge or seek to prevent, enjoin, or otherwise delay the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement. No event has occurred or circumstances exist that may give rise to, or serve as a basis for,
any such Action.

Section 4.05 Solvency. Immediately after giving effect
to the transactions contemplated hereby, Buyer shall be solvent and shall: (a) be able to pay its debts as they become due; (b) own property
that has a fair saleable value greater than the amounts required to pay its debts (including a reasonable estimate of the amount of all
Liabilities); and (c) have adequate capital to carry on its business. No transfer of property is being made and no obligation is being
incurred in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby with the intent to hinder, delay or defraud either present or future
creditors of Buyer or Seller. In connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, Buyer has not incurred, nor plans to incur, debts
beyond its ability to pay as they become absolute and matured.

Section 4.06 Independent Investigation. Buyer has
conducted its own independent investigation, review and analysis of the Business and the Purchased Assets, and acknowledges that it has
been provided adequate access to the personnel, properties, assets, premises, books and records and other documents and data of Seller
for such purpose. Buyer acknowledges and agrees that: (a) in making its decision to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby, Buyer has relied solely upon its own investigation and the express representations and warranties of Seller set forth
in Article III of this Agreement; and (b) neither Seller nor any other Person has made any representation or warranty as to Seller, the
Business, the Purchased Assets or this Agreement, except as expressly set forth in Article III of this Agreement.

Section 4.07 Full Disclosure. No representation
or warranty by Buyer in this Agreement and no statement contained in any certificate or other document furnished to or to be furnished
to Seller pursuant to this Agreement contains any untrue statement of a material fact, or omits to state a material fact necessary to
make the statements contained therein, in light of the circumstances in which they are made, not misleading. 

ARTICLE V

COVENANTS

Section 5.01 Confidentiality. From and after
the Closing, Seller shall hold, and shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause its respective officers, directors, consultants,
counsel, accountants, and other agents (Representatives) to hold, in confidence any and all information,
whether written or oral, concerning the Business and Purchased Assets, except to the extent that Seller can show that such
information: (a) is generally available to and known by the public through no fault of Seller, any of its Affiliates, or their
respective Representatives; or (b) is lawfully acquired by Seller, any of its Affiliates, or their respective Representatives from
and after the Closing from sources which are not prohibited from disclosing such information by a legal, contractual, or fiduciary
obligation. If Seller or any of its Affiliates or their respective Representatives are compelled to disclose any information by
Governmental Order or Law, Seller shall promptly notify Buyer in writing and shall disclose only that portion of such information
which is legally required to be disclosed, provided that Seller shall use reasonable best efforts to obtain as promptly as
possible an appropriate protective order or other reasonable assurance that confidential treatment will be accorded such
information. For purposes of this Agreement Affiliate of a Person means any other Person that directly or
indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by or is under common control with, such Person.

9 

Section 5.02 Non-Competition; Non-Solicitation.

(a) 
Seller acknowledges the competitive nature of the medical device industry and accordingly agrees, in connection with the sale of the Purchased
Assets, and in exchange for good and valuable consideration, that for a period of five (5) years commencing on the Closing Date (the Restricted
Period), Seller shall not, directly or indirectly: (i) engage in or assist others in engaging in the waste fluid management
business (the Restricted Business) throughout the world (the Territory); or (ii) have an interest
in any Person that engages directly or indirectly in the Restricted Business in the Territory in any capacity, including as a partner,
shareholder, director, manager, employee, principal, agent, trustee, or consultant. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Seller may own, directly
or indirectly, solely as an investment, securities of any Person traded on any national securities exchange that is engaged in the Restricted
Business if Seller is not a controlling Person of, or a shareholder of a group which controls such Person and does not, directly or indirectly,
own five percent (5%) percent or more of any class of securities of such Person.

(b) 
During the Restricted Period, Seller shall not, directly or indirectly, hire or solicit any Transitioned Employee during the
Restricted Period, or encourage any Transitioned Employee to leave such employment or hire any such Transitioned Employee who has
left such employment, except pursuant to a general solicitation which is not directed specifically to any such employees; provided
that nothing in this Section 5.02(b) shall prevent Seller or any of its Affiliates from hiring: (i) any employee whose
employment has been terminated without cause by Buyer; or (ii) after one hundred eighty (180) days from the date of termination of
employment, any employee whose employment has been terminated by the employee.

(c) Seller acknowledges that a breach or threatened
breach of this Section 5.02 would give rise to irreparable harm to Buyer, for which
monetary damages would not be an adequate remedy, and hereby agrees that in the event of a breach or a threatened breach by Seller
of any such obligations, Buyer shall, in addition to any and all other rights and remedies that may be available to it in respect of
such breach, be entitled to seek equitable relief, including a temporary restraining order, an injunction, specific performance, and
any other relief that may be available from a court of competent jurisdiction.

10 

(d) 
Seller acknowledges that the restrictions contained in this Section 5.02 are reasonable
and necessary to protect the legitimate interests of Buyer and constitute a material inducement to Buyer to enter into this Agreement
and consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. In the event that any covenant contained in this Section
5.02 should ever be adjudicated to exceed the time, geographic, product or service, or other limitations permitted by applicable
Law in any jurisdiction or any Governmental Order, then any court is expressly empowered to reform such covenant in such jurisdiction
to the maximum time, geographic, product or service, or other limitations permitted by applicable Law or such Governmental Order. The
covenants contained in this Section 5.02 and each provision hereof are severable and
distinct covenants and provisions. The invalidity or unenforceability of any such covenant or provision as written shall not invalidate
or render unenforceable the remaining covenants or provisions hereof, and any such invalidity or unenforceability in any jurisdiction
shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such covenant or provision in any other jurisdiction.

Section 5.03 Public Announcements. Unless otherwise
required by applicable Law, no party to this Agreement shall make any public announcements in respect of this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereby without the prior written consent of the other party (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed),
and the parties shall cooperate as to the timing and contents of any such announcement.

Section 5.04 Transfer Taxes. All sales, use, registration,
and other such Taxes and fees (including any penalties and interest) incurred in connection with this Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents, if any, shall be borne and paid fifty percent (50%) by Seller and fifty percent (50%) by Buyer when due. Buyer shall, at its
own expense, timely file any Tax Return or other document with respect to such Taxes or fees (and Seller shall cooperate with respect
thereto as necessary).

Section 5.05 Further Assurances. Following the Closing,
each of the parties hereto shall, and shall cause their respective Affiliates to, execute and deliver such additional documents, instruments,
conveyances, and assurances and take such further actions as may be reasonably required to carry out the provisions hereof and give effect
to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents.

Section 5.06 Bulk Sales Laws. The parties hereby
waive compliance with the provisions of any bulk sales, bulk transfer or similar Laws of any jurisdiction that may otherwise be applicable
with respect to the sale of any or all of the Purchased Assets to Buyer.

Section 5.07 Wind Down. Nothing in this Agreement
shall (A) prevent or delay the Seller or Skyline Medical Inc. from (i) winding down its business, or (ii) liquidating and/or dissolving,
or (B) impose any obligations on the Seller or Skyline Medical Inc. following any such wind-down, liquidation, and/or dissolution. Buyer
covenants that neither it nor its Affiliates or Representatives will take any action, or cause or encourage any Person to take action,
in each case designed to prevent, hinder or delay the wind-down, liquidation, or dissolution of the Seller or Skyline Medical Inc.

11 

Section 5.08 Employee Matters. No later than the
Closing Date, Buyer shall make offers of employment to the Specified Employees, such employment to be effective as of the Closing Date.
Effective immediately following the Closing, Buyer shall employ each such Specified Employee who prior to the Closing Date has accepted
in writing such Specified Employees offer of employment with the Buyer (each such Specified Employee, a Transitioned
Employee). Seller shall cooperate with Buyer and use Sellers commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the Specified
Employees acceptance of Buyers offers of employment. Specified Employees means the following employees
of Seller who are providing services to the Business: Daniel Bloom, Dane Martin, Jerome McConnell, Trenton Phipps, and Dolph Semenza.

Section 5.09 Receivables. From and after the Closing,
if the Buyer or any of its Affiliates receive or collect any funds relating to tax refunds or accounts or notes receivable aged ninety-one
(91) days or older as of the Closing Date, related to the Business and outstanding as of the Closing Date, Buyer or its Affiliates, as
applicable, shall remit any such funds to Seller within five (5) calendar days after its receipt thereof.

ARTICLE VI

INDEMNIFICATION

Section 6.01 Survival. All representations, and
warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and shall remain in full force and effect until the date that is one (1) year after
the Closing Date. None of the covenants or other agreements contained in this Agreement shall survive the Closing other than those which
by their terms contemplate performance after the Closing, and each such surviving covenant and agreement shall survive the Closing for
the period contemplated by its terms. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any claims asserted in good faith with reasonable specificity (to
the extent known at such time) and in writing by notice from the non-breaching party to the breaching party prior to the expiration date
of the applicable survival period shall not thereafter be barred by the expiration of such survival period and such claims shall survive
until finally resolved.

Section 6.02 Indemnification by Seller. Subject to
the other terms and conditions of this ARTICLE VI, Seller shall indemnify and defend each of Buyer and its Affiliates and their respective
Representatives (collectively, the Buyer Indemnitees) against, and shall hold each of them harmless from and against,
any and all losses, damages, liabilities, deficiencies, Actions, judgments, interest, awards, penalties, fines, costs, or expenses of
whatever kind, including reasonable attorneys fees (collectively, Losses), incurred or sustained by, or imposed
upon, the Buyer Indemnitees based upon, arising out of, or with respect to:

(a) 
any inaccuracy in or breach of any of the representations or warranties of Seller contained in this Agreement;

(b) 
any breach or non-fulfillment of any covenant, agreement, or obligation to be performed by Seller pursuant to this Agreement;

(c) any Excluded Asset or any Excluded Liability; or

12 

(d) 
any Third Party Claim based upon, resulting from, or arising out of the Business, its operations, properties, assets or obligations
of the Seller conducted, existing, or arising prior to the Closing. For the purposes of this Agreement, Third Party
Claim means notice of the assertion or commencement of any Action made or brought by any Person who is not a party to
hits Agreement or an Affiliate of a party to this Agreement or a Representative of the foregoing.

Section 6.03 Indemnification by Buyer. Subject to
the other terms and conditions of this ARTICLE VI, Buyer shall indemnify and defend each of Seller and its Affiliates and their respective
Representatives (collectively, the Seller Indemnitees) against, and shall hold each of them harmless from and against
any and all Losses incurred or sustained by, or imposed upon, the Seller Indemnitees based upon, arising out of, or with respect to:

(a) 
any inaccuracy in or breach of any of the representations or warranties of Buyer contained in this Agreement;

(b) 
any breach or non-fulfillment of any covenant, agreement, or obligation to be performed by Buyer pursuant to this Agreement; or

(c) any Assumed Liability.

Section 6.04 Certain Limitations. The party making
a claim under this Article VI is referred to as the Indemnified Party, and the party against whom such claims are
asserted under this Article VI is referred to as the Indemnifying Party. The indemnification provided for in Section
6.02 and Section 6.03 shall be subject to the following limitations:

(a) 
The aggregate amount of all Losses for which an Indemnifying Party shall be liable pursuant to Section 6.02(a) or Section 6.03(a), as
the case may be, shall not exceed 10% of the Purchase Price.

(b) 
In no event shall any Indemnifying Party be liable to any Indemnified Party for any punitive, incidental, consequential, special or indirect
damages, including loss of future revenue or income, loss of business reputation or opportunity relating to the breach or alleged breach
of this Agreement, or diminution of value or any damages based on any type of multiple.

(c) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein (i) the aggregate amount that the Buyer Indemnitees shall be entitled to recover from
the Seller under this Article VI shall not under any circumstances exceed the Purchase Price, and (ii) the aggregate amount that the Seller
Indemnitees shall be entitled to recover from the Buyer under this Article VI shall not under any circumstances exceed the Purchase Price.

Section 6.05 Indemnification Procedures. Whenever
any claim shall arise for indemnification hereunder, the Indemnified Party shall promptly provide written notice of such claim to
the Indemnifying Party. In connection with any claim giving rise to indemnity hereunder resulting from or arising out of any Action
by a Person who is not a party to this Agreement, the Indemnifying Party, at its sole cost and expense and upon written notice to
the Indemnified Party, may assume the defense of any such Action with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party. The
Indemnified Party shall be entitled to participate in the defense of any such Action, with its counsel and at its own cost and
expense. If the Indemnifying Party does not assume the defense of any such Action, the Indemnified Party may, but shall not be
obligated to, defend against such Action in such manner as it may deem appropriate, including settling such Action, after giving
notice of it to the Indemnifying Party, on such terms as the Indemnified Party may deem appropriate and no action taken by the
Indemnified Party in accordance with such defense and settlement shall relieve the Indemnifying Party of its indemnification
obligations herein provided with respect to any damages resulting therefrom. The Indemnifying Party shall not settle any Action
without the Indemnified Partys prior written consent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed).

13 

Section 6.06 Tax Treatment of Indemnification
Payments. All indemnification payments made under this Agreement shall be treated by the parties as an adjustment to the Purchase
Price for Tax purposes, unless otherwise required by Law.

Section 6.07 Exclusive Remedies. The parties acknowledge
and agree that from and after the Closing their sole and exclusive remedy with respect to any and all claims (other than claims arising
from fraud on the part of a party hereto in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) for any breach of any representation,
warranty, covenant, agreement or obligation set forth herein or otherwise relating to the subject matter of this Agreement shall be pursuant
to the indemnification provisions set forth in this Article VI. In furtherance of the foregoing, each party hereby waives, from and after
the Closing, to the fullest extent permitted under Law, any and all rights, claims and causes of action for any breach of any representation,
warranty, covenant, agreement or obligation set forth herein or otherwise relating to the subject matter of this Agreement it may have
against the other parties hereto and their Affiliates and each of their respective Representatives arising under or based upon any Law,
except pursuant to the indemnification provisions set forth in this Article VI. Nothing in this Section 6.07 shall limit any Persons
right to seek and obtain any equitable relief to which such Person shall be entitled or to seek any remedy on account of any fraud by
any party hereto. 

ARTICLE VII

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 7.01 Expenses. All costs and expenses incurred
in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be paid by the party incurring such costs and expenses.

Section 7.02 Notices. All notices, claims, demands,
and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given: (a) when delivered by hand (with written
confirmation of receipt); (b) when received by the addressee if sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier (receipt requested);
(c) on the date sent by email of a PDF document (with confirmation of transmission) if sent during normal business hours of the recipient,
and on the next business day if sent after normal business hours of the recipient; or (d) on the fourth (4th) day after the date mailed,
by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid. Such communications must be sent to the respective parties
at the following addresses (or at such other address for a party as shall be specified in a notice given in accordance with this Section
7.02):

14 

If to Seller: 

Predictive Oncology Inc. 91 43rd Street Suite 110

Pittsburgh, PA 15201

Attention: Chief Executive Officer

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

DLA Piper LLP (US)

One Liberty Place

1650 Market Street, Suite 5000

Philadelphia, PA 19103-7300 Attention: David Smith, Esq.

Email: David.Smith2@us.dlapiper.com

If to Buyer: 

200 DeBusk Lane

Powell, Tennessee 37849

Email: legal@deroyal.com

Attention: Chief Legal Officer

Section 7.03 Interpretation; Headings. This Agreement
shall be construed without regard to any presumption or rule requiring construction or interpretation against the party drafting an instrument
or causing any instrument to be drafted. The headings in this Agreement are for reference only and shall not affect the interpretation
of this Agreement.

Section 7.04 Severability. If any term or provision
of this Agreement is invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability shall not
affect any other term or provision of this Agreement.

Section 7.05 Entire Agreement. This Agreement,
its exhibits, schedules and the other Transaction Documents constitute the sole and entire agreement of the parties to this Agreement
with respect to the subject matter contained herein and therein, and supersede all prior and contemporaneous understandings and agreements,
both written and oral, with respect to such subject matter. In the event of any inconsistency between the statements in the body of this
Agreement and those in the other Transaction Documents, and the schedules or exhibits, the statements in the body of this Agreement will
control.

Section 7.06 Successors and Assigns; Assignment. This
Agreement is binding upon and inures to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. Neither
party may assign any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the other party, which consent shall
not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed. Any purported assignment in violation of this Section shall be null and void. No
assignment shall relieve the assigning party of any of its obligations hereunder.

Section 7.07 Amendment and Modification; Waiver. This
Agreement may only be amended, modified, or supplemented by an agreement in writing signed by each party hereto. No waiver by any
party of any of the provisions hereof shall be effective unless explicitly set forth in writing and signed by the party so waiving.
No failure to exercise, or delay in exercising, any right or remedy arising from this Agreement shall operate or be construed as a
waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right or remedy hereunder preclude any other or further exercise
thereof or the exercise of any other right or remedy.

15 

Section 7.08 Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial.

(a) 
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect to the conflict
of law provisions thereof to the extent such provisions would require or permit the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other
than the State of Delaware.

(b) 
EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY ARISE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR THE OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS IS LIKELY
TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES AND, THEREFORE, EACH PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED
BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL ACTION, PROCEEDING, CAUSE OF ACTION, OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING
OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING ANY EXHIBITS AND SCHEDULES ATTACHED TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS,
OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY. EACH PARTY CERTIFIES AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT: (I) NO REPRESENTATIVE OF THE OTHER PARTY
HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT THE OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER IN THE EVENT OF A LEGAL ACTION;
(II) EACH PARTY HAS CONSIDERED THE IMPLICATIONS OF THIS WAIVER; (III) EACH PARTY MAKES THIS WAIVER KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY; AND (IV)
EACH PARTY HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION.

Section 7.09 Counterparts. This Agreement may be
executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall be deemed to be one and the same
agreement. A signed copy of this Agreement delivered by email or other means of electronic transmission shall be deemed to have the same
legal effect as delivery of an original signed copy of this Agreement. 

[Signature Page Follows]

16 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this
Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized.

Predictive Oncology Inc. 

By /s/ Raymond F. Vennare 

Name: Raymond F. Vennare 

Title: Chief
Executive Officer 

[Signature Page to Asset Purchase Agreement]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this
Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized.

DeRoyal Industries, Inc. 

By /s/ Brian C. DeBusk 

Name: Brian C. DeBusk 

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer 

[Signature Page to Asset Purchase Agreement]

EXHIBITS

TO

ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT

Dated as of March 14, 2025

Among

DEROYAL INDUSTRIES, INC. (Buyer),

and

Predictive Oncology Inc. (Seller)

EXHIBIT A

Bill of Sale

THIS BILL OF SALE is made by Predictive Oncology Inc., a Delaware
corporation (Seller) in favor of DeRoyal Industries, Inc., a Tennessee corporation (Buyer), and is delivered
pursuant to paragraph 2.02(a)(i) of the Asset Purchase Agreement dated March __, 2025 (the Purchase Agreement), between Seller
and Buyer.

Pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement, Seller, for
good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, sells, grants, transfers, assigns, and
conveys to Buyer all of Sellers right, title and interest in and to the Purchased Assets. Buyer hereby receives and accepts the
sale, conveyance, delivery, assignment and transfer of all right, title and interest of the Seller in and to the Purchased Assets.

All capitalized terms in this Bill of Sale that are not
otherwise defined shall have the same meanings that they have in the Purchase Agreement. The terms of the Purchase Agreement are
incorporated herein by this reference. The Buyer and Seller acknowledge and agree that the provisions of the Purchase Agreement
shall not be superseded, modified, supplemented, waived, limited, expanded or otherwise affected hereby but shall remain in full
force and effect to the full extent provided therein. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between the terms of the
Purchase Agreement and the terms hereof, the terms of the Purchase Agreement shall govern. This Bill of Sale may be executed in
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall be deemed to be one and the same agreement.
A signed copy of this Bill of Sale delivered by email or other means of electronic transmission shall be deemed to have the same
legal effect as delivery of an original signed copy of this Bill of Sale. This Bill of Sale shall in all respects be interpreted,
construed and governed by and in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware applicable to contracts made and to be performed
entirely within such state without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule.

[Signature Page Follows]

IN WITNESS, Seller has signed this Bill of Sale on the 14th day of March, 2025.

SELLER: PREDICTIVE ONCOLOGY INC.

By: 

Name: Raymond F. Vennare 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

EXHIBIT B

Assignment and Assumption Agreement

This Assignment and Assumption Agreement dated March 14, 2025,
is by and between DeRoyal Industries, Inc., (Buyer) and Predictive Oncology Inc. (Seller).

Pursuant to the Asset Purchase Agreement dated March 14, 2025
(the APA) between Buyer and Seller and in consideration for the sale by Seller to Buyer of the Purchased Assets (as such
term is defined in the APA) and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged,
the Seller assigns each of the Purchased Assets to the Buyer in accordance with the APA. The Buyer hereby receives and accepts the assignment
and transfer of all right, title and intertest of the Seller in and to the Purchased Assets.

Seller shall retain, and shall be responsible for paying, honoring
and discharging, as and when due, all Excluded Assets and Excluded Liabilities. Nothing set forth herein shall be construed to result
in the assumption by Buyer of any Excluded Assets and Excluded Liabilities. The Buyer hereby assumes, is responsible for and agrees to
pay, perform, honor and discharge when due the Assumed Liabilities.

All capitalized terms in this Assignment and Assumption Agreement
that are not otherwise defined shall have the same meanings that they have in the APA. The terms of the APA are incorporated herein by
this reference. The Buyer and Seller acknowledge and agree that the provisions of the APA shall not be superseded, modified, supplemented,
waived, limited, expanded or otherwise affected hereby but shall remain in full force and effect to the full extent provided therein.
In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between the terms of the APA and the terms hereof, the terms of the APA shall govern. This
Assignment and Assumption Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together
shall be deemed to be one and the same agreement. A signed copy of this Assignment and Assumption Agreement delivered by email or other
means of electronic transmission shall be deemed to have the same legal effect as delivery of an original signed copy of this Assignment
and Assumption Agreement. This Assignment and Assumption Agreement shall in all respects be interpreted, construed and governed by and
in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware applicable to contracts made and to be performed entirely within such state without
giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule.

[Signature Page Follows]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Buyer and Seller have caused this
Assignment and Assumption Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the date set forth above.

BUYER: DEROYAL INDUSTRIES, INC.

By: 

Brian C. DeBusk, President and CEO 

SELLER: PREDICTIVE ONCOLOGY INC

By: 

Raymond F. Vennare, Chief Executive Officer 

.

EXHIBIT C

Assignment of 510(k) Number K090759

Predictive Oncology Inc. (Assignor) does hereby exclusively
assign to DeRoyal Industries, Inc. (Assignee) all right, title and legal interest in and to U.S. FDA 510(k) number K090759 and
all documents, records and correspondence pertaining thereto. Assignee hereby assumes all responsibilities under the laws and regulations
pertaining to the manufacture, distribution and sale of any products covered by such 510(k) as of the date hereof. Assignor shall cease
the manufacture, distribution and sale of such products as of the date of this assignment.

Assignor represents and warrants that it owns all right, title and legal interest
in and to U.S. FDA 510(k) number K090759 and all related documents, records and correspondence. In support of this representation
and warranty, Assignor has provided Assignee with a Secretarys Certificate showing the timeline of Assignors ownership,
which is attached hereto and incorporated by reference.

This assignment is effective March , 2025.

PREDICTIVE ONCOLOGY INC. DEROYAL INDUSTRIES, INC.

By: By: 

Name Raymond F. Vennare Brian DeBusk

Title Chief Executive Officer President & CEO

Secretarys Certificate

EXHIBIT D

TRADEMARK ASSIGNMENT

WHEREAS, Predictive Oncology Inc.,
a Delaware corporation, having an address of 91 43rd Street, Suite 110, Pittsburgh, PA 15201 (hereinafter Assignor),
has registered in the United States Patent & Trademark the below listed marks:

Registration No.

Registration Date:

Mark:

3,904,908

January 11, 2021

STREAMWAY 

Registration No. 

Registration Date: 

Mark: 

4,694,721

March 3, 2015

SKYLINE MEDICAL

Registration No.

Registration Date:

Mark: 

4,694,722

March 10, 2015

Registration No.

Registration Date:

Mark: 

4,698,421

March 10, 2015

Registration
No. 4.651,869 

Registration Date:

Mark:

December 9, 2014

SKYLINE MEDICAL 

WHEREAS, DeRoyal Industries, Inc., a corporation of
Tennessee, whose address is 200 DeBusk Lane, Powell, Tennessee 37849, (hereinafter Assignee), is desirous of acquiring all
of Assignors rights in said marks and the above-identified registrations of the same.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, Assignor hereby does assign unto Assignee all of Assignors right,
title and interest in and to the above identified marks and registrations, associated logos, commercial symbols, trademarks, service marks,
trade names, and copyrights associated therewith (collectively Marks), together with any and all portions of Assignors
business pertaining to the Marks, the goodwill associated therewith, and all rights of action associated therewith, free and clear of
all liens and encumbrances.

Predictive Oncology, Inc.

Date: ______________________________, 2025 By 

Raymond F. Vennare

Chief Executive Officer

EXHIBIT E

Patent Assignment

For good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged, Predictive Oncology Inc., a Delaware corporation, having an address of 91 43rd Street,
Suite 110, Pittsburgh, PA 15201 (Seller), hereby sells, assigns, transfers, and conveys to DeRoyal Industries, Inc.,
a corporation of Tennessee, whose address is 200 DeBusk Lane, Powell, Tennessee 37849 (Buyer), its successors, assigns and
legal representatives, pursuant to the Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of March 14, 2025, by and between Seller and Buyer, the
entire right, title and interest throughout the world in and to all subject matter disclosed in the Patents identified below of which
Seller is the record owner, and entitled: Fluid Waste Collection and Disposal System and Method, or a close approximation thereof.

Jurisdiction Patent Number Issue Date

US 10253792 4/9/2019

EP 2948200 7/11/2018

CA 2899208 4/20/2021

US 10954975 3/23/2021

EP 3437666 4/22/2020

BE 2948200 7/11/2018

DE 602014028316.0 7/11/2018

ES 2683627 7/11/2018

FR 2948200 7/11/2018

GB 2948200 7/11/2018

IE 2948200 7/11/2018

IT 502018000023154 11/7/2018

NL 2948200 7/11/2018

NO 2948200 7/11/2018

PL 2948200 7/11/2018

SE 2948200 7/11/2018

BE 3437666 4/22/2020

CH 3437666 4/22/2020

DE 602014064 375.2 4/22/2020

ES 2793228 4/22/2020

FR 3437666 4/22/2020

GB 3437666 4/22/2020

IE 3437666 4/22/2020

IT 502020000047698 4/22/2020

LI 3437666 4/22/2020

NL 3437666 4/22/2020

NO 3437666 4/22/2020

PL 3437666 4/22/2020

SE 3437666 4/22/2020

and in and to all Letters Patent and all Convention and
treaty rights of all kinds, in all countries throughout the world, for all such subject matter, together with all claims and causes
of action with respect to any of the foregoing, including without limitation all rights to and claims for damages, restitution, and
injunctive and other legal and equitable relief for past, present and future infringement, misappropriation, violation, breach, or
default, and all other rights, privileges, and protections of any kind whatsoever of Seller accruing under any of the foregoing
provided by any applicable law, treaty, or other international convention.

Seller covenants that no assignment, grant mortgage, license,
or other agreement affecting the rights and property herein conveyed has been made to others by the Seller, and that full right to convey
the same as herein expressed is possessed by the Seller.

Seller hereby authorizes the Commissioner for Patents in the
United States Patent and Trademark Office and the officials of corresponding entities or agencies in any applicable jurisdictions to record
and register this Assignment of Patent upon request by Buyer.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this Assignment
of Patents to be executed on this ___________________ day of March, 2025 by its duly authorized officer.

Predictive Oncology Inc.

By: ____________________________

Name: Raymond F. Vennare

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

ACKNOWLEDGMENT

STATE OF _____________________ )

) ss.

COUNTY OF ___________________ )

On the day of , 2025, before me personally appeared Raymond
F. Vennare, personally known to me (or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence) to be the person whose name is subscribed
to the foregoing instrument, who, being duly sworn, did depose and say that he executed the same in his authorized capacity as the
Chief Executive Officer of Predictive Oncology, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and acknowledged the instrument to be the free act and
deed of such party for the uses and purposes mentioned in the instrument.

_______________________

Notary Public

Printed Name:

My Commission Expires: ____________________

DeRoyal Industries, Inc.

By: ____________________________

Brian C. DeBusk

President & CEO 

ACKNOWLEDGMENT

STATE OF _____________________ )

) ss.

COUNTY OF ___________________ )

On the 
day of , 2025, before me personally appeared Brian C. DeBusk, personally known to me (or proved to me on the basis of
satisfactory evidence) to be the person whose name is subscribed to the foregoing instrument, who, being duly sworn, did depose and
say that he executed the same in his authorized capacity as the President & CEO of DeRoyal Industries, Inc., a Tennessee
corporation, and acknowledged the instrument to be the free act and deed of such party for the uses and purposes mentioned in the
instrument.

_______________________

Notary Public

Printed Name:

My Commission Expires: _____________________
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>exh_991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE
<TEXT>
EdgarFiling

EXHIBIT 99.1

Predictive Oncology Completes Sale of Skyline Medical Assets to DeRoyal Industries

Deal positions STREAMWAY Systems with an established market leader to drive accelerating growth

Transaction allows Predictive Oncology to be highly focused on its core AI-driven drug discovery capabilities and integrate seamlessly with Renovaro Biosciences

PITTSBURGH, March 20, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Predictive Oncology Inc. (NASDAQ: POAI), a leader in AI-driven drug discovery, announced today that it has completed the sale of assets related to its wholly owned subsidiary, Skyline Medical Inc., to DeRoyal Industries, Inc., a global manufacturer and supplier of medical products.

As previously disclosed, Skyline Medicals business operated outside the core focus of Predictive Oncology, which is the use of artificial intelligence and machine learning to expedite early drug discovery and enable drug development for the benefit of cancer patients. This transaction was consummated in anticipation of Predictive Oncologys previously announced merger with Renovaro Biosciences.

Headquartered in Eagan, Minnesota, Skyline Medical markets and sells the FDA-cleared STREAMWAY System, a direct-to-drain wall suction waste fluid management technology that provides healthcare professionals with an automated, secure, and reliable method for managing potentially hazardous fluids, such as those generated during surgeries or other medical procedures. The system is designed to reduce manual handling, eliminate fluid spillage risks, and streamline waste management operations within medical settings.

In late 2023, we implemented a restructuring plan with Skyline Medical to dramatically improve its operating metrics and return the business unit to profitability, stated Josh Blacher, Chief Financial Officer of Predictive Oncology. Having largely achieved this goal by the end of 2024, we then looked to consummate a synergistic business combination with an industry leader that would enable Skyline Medical to reach its full potential. That is exactly what this transaction with DeRoyal represents.

"We are excited to integrate this innovative wall suction waste fluid management system into our product offerings," said Chris Schulze, Chief Sales Officer of DeRoyal Industries. "This acquisition strengthens our position as a leader in healthcare waste management solutions, enabling us to better serve our customers with advanced, environmentally friendly technologies. The Streamway product line aligns with DeRoyals commitment to improving the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of healthcare facilities, while also supporting their efforts to meet regulatory compliance standards."

As part of the acquisition, DeRoyal Industries will offer the Streamway wall suction waste fluid management product line under the DeRoyal brand. This transition will ensure seamless continuity for Skyline Medicals existing customers while expanding the product's reach to new healthcare facilities looking to enhance their fluid waste management systems. The transaction was accounted for as an asset sale and all necessary approvals have been previously obtained.

About Predictive Oncology

Predictive Oncology is on the cutting edge of the rapidly growing use of artificial intelligence and machine learning to expedite early drug discovery and enable drug development for the benefit of cancer patients worldwide. The companys scientifically validated AI platform, PEDAL, is able to predict with 92% accuracy if a tumor sample will respond to a certain drug compound, allowing for a more informed selection of drug/tumor type combinations for subsequent in-vitro testing. Together with the companys vast biobank of more than 150,000 assay-capable heterogenous human tumor samples, Predictive Oncology offers its academic and industry partners one of the industrys broadest AI-based drug discovery solutions, further complimented by its wholly owned CLIA laboratory facility. Predictive Oncology is headquartered in Pittsburgh, PA.

About DeRoyal Industries

DeRoyal Industries, Inc. is a leading manufacturer and supplier of innovative healthcare products and services. For over 50 years, DeRoyal has been dedicated to providing high-quality solutions that improve patient outcomes, enhance the efficiency of healthcare providers, and support the success of healthcare facilities worldwide. The company offers a wide range of products including surgical, wound care, infection prevention, and waste management solutions.

Investor Relations Contact:

Michael Moyer

LifeSci Advisors, LLC 

mmoyer@lifesciadvisors.com

Forward-Looking Statements: 

Certain matters discussed in this release contain forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements reflect our current expectations and projections about future events and are subject to substantial risks, uncertainties and assumptions about our operations and the investments we make. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included in this press release regarding our strategy, future operations, future financial position, future revenue and financial performance, projected costs, prospects, changes in management, plans and objectives of management are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, would, target and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Our actual future performance may materially differ from that contemplated by the forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors including, among other things, factors discussed under the heading Risk Factors in our filings with the SEC. Except as expressly required by law, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update these forward-looking statements.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>skylinemedlogo.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>gnw-20190101.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>gnw-20190101_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>gnw-20190101_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>gnw-20190101_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 14, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 14, 2025

Entity File Number 001-36790

Entity Registrant Name Predictive Oncology Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001446159

Entity Tax Identification Number 33-1007393

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 91 43rd Street, Suite 110

Entity Address, City or Town Pittsburgh

Entity Address, State or Province PA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 15201

City Area Code 412

Local Phone Number 432-1500

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common stock, $0.01 par value

Trading Symbol POAI

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://globenewswire.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

f8k_031925.htm 
gnw-20190101.xsd 
gnw-20190101_def.xml 
gnw-20190101_lab.xml 
gnw-20190101_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001171843-25-001586-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>f8k_031925_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001446159 

2025-03-14 
2025-03-14 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

0001446159 
false 
8-K 
2025-03-14 
Predictive Oncology Inc. 
DE 
001-36790 
33-1007393 
91 43rd Street, Suite 110 
Pittsburgh 
PA 
15201 
412 
432-1500 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, $0.01 par value 
POAI 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>