<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-015718.txt : 20250129
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-015718.hdr.sgml : 20250129
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250129163028
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-015718
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250123
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250129
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250129

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BLUE RIDGE BANKSHARES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000842717
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				541838100
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			VA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39165
		FILM NUMBER:		25569763

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1801 BAYBERRY COURT
		STREET 2:		SUITE 101
		CITY:			RICHMOND
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			23226
		BUSINESS PHONE:		888-331-6521

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1801 BAYBERRY COURT
		STREET 2:		SUITE 101
		CITY:			RICHMOND
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			23226

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BLUE RIDGE BANKSHARES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19881115
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d877980d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000084271700008427172025-01-232025-01-23

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 23, 2025

BLUE RIDGE BANKSHARES, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Virginia 001-39165 54-1838100

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

1801 Bayberry Court 

Suite 101

Richmond, Virginia 23226

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (888)331-6521

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common stock, no par value BRBS NYSE American LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02 

Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. 

On January 23, 2025, Blue Ridge Bankshares, Inc. (the Company) and Blue Ridge Bank, National Association (the Bank), the Companys wholly-owned bank subsidiary, entered into amended and restated employment agreements with G. William Beale, the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company and the Chief Executive Officer of the Bank, and Judy C. Gavant, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company and the President and Chief Financial Officer of the Bank. The amended and restated employment agreement with Mr. Beale (the Beale Amended Agreement) is effective January 1, 2025, and amends, restates and replaces his amended and restated employment agreement, dated October 24, 2023, with the Company and Bank (the Beale Original Agreement). The amended and restated employment agreement with Ms. Gavant (the Gavant Amended Agreement) is effective January 1, 2025, and amends, restates and replaces her amended and restated employment agreement, dated April 20, 2022, with the Company and Bank (the Gavant Original Agreement). 

The Beale Amended Agreement and the Gavant Amended Agreement each provides for a two-year term that will expire on January 1, 2027; provided, that on January 1, 2027 and on each January 1st thereafter, the term of the agreement will be automatically extended for an additional one-year period unless either party gives written notice of nonrenewal at least 90 days before the end of the then-current term. 

The Beale Amended Agreement changes the period during which Mr. Beale would receive benefits in the event his employment is terminated by the Company without cause or by him for good reason (as those terms are defined in the agreement) from (1) the greater of (x) three months or (y) 12 months less the number of full or partial months from May 7, 2023 through the date of termination, as stated in the Beale Original Agreement, to (2) the greater of (x) the number of months remaining in the term of the agreement or (y) 12 months, as stated in the Beale Amended Agreement. The structure of the severance payment (i.e., base salary and a welfare continuance benefit) relating to such termination events was not changed from the Beale Original Agreement. 

The Beale Amended Agreement also changes the calculation of the lump sum cash payment Mr. Beale is to receive in the event his employment is terminated by the Company without cause or by him for good reason within one year after a change in control (as such term is defined in the agreement) of the Company from (1) an amount equal to the number of months remaining in the then current employment term times the sum of (A) his monthly base salary as of the date of termination or, if greater, the highest monthly base salary in effect in the three months immediately prior to the date of the change in control, and (B) 1/12 of the highest annual bonus paid or payable for the two years immediately preceding the year in which his employment is terminated, as stated in the Beale Original Agreement, to (2) an amount equal to two times the sum of (A) his annual base salary as of the date of termination or, if greater, the highest annual base salary in effect in the three months immediately prior to the date of the change in control, and (B) the highest annual bonus paid or payable for the two years immediately preceding the year in which his employment is terminated, as stated in the Beale Amended Agreement. 

2 

The Beale Amended Agreement also increases the non-competition covenant from three months to 12 months following the termination of Mr. Beales employment for any reason, and removes fintech business from the definition of competitive business with respect to that covenant. 

The Beale Amended Agreement and the Gavant Amended Agreement also contain certain ministerial and administrative changes. Other than as described in this Current Report on Form 8-K, there were no other material changes to (i) the Beale Original Agreement, as disclosed in the Companys Current Reports on Form 8-K filed on July 17, 2023 and October 26, 2023, and (ii) the Gavant Original Agreement, as disclosed in the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 22, 2022. 

Copies of the Beale Amended Agreement and the Gavant Amended Agreement are filed as exhibits to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. 

Description of Exhibit

10.1 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated January 23, 2025, by and among Blue Ridge Bankshares, Inc., Blue Ridge Bank, National Association and G. William Beale. 

10.2 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated January 23, 2025, by and among Blue Ridge Bankshares, Inc., Blue Ridge Bank, National Association and Judy C. Gavant. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

3 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

BLUE RIDGE BANKSHARES, INC.

(Registrant)

Date: January 29, 2025 By: 

/s/ Judy C. Gavant

Judy C. Gavant

Executive Vice President and

Chief Financial Officer

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d877980dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 

This Amended and Restated Employment Agreement (this Agreement) is dated as of January 23, 2025 and is effective
January 1, 2025 (the Effective Date), by and among Blue Ridge Bankshares, Inc., a Virginia corporation (the Company), Blue Ridge Bank, National Association, a national banking association (the
Bank and, collectively with the Company, the Employer), and G. William Beale (Executive). 

WHEREAS, the Bank is the wholly-owned national banking association subsidiary of the Company; and 

WHEREAS, Executive is a valuable executive of the Company and the Bank, and the Company and the Bank wish for Executive to continue his
services in his current positions; and 

WHEREAS, the Company and the Bank desire to provide substantial benefits to Executive to which
Executive would not be otherwise entitled and to obtain from Executive covenants protecting the Companys and the Banks customer relationships, confidential information and trade secrets, and Executive desires to obtain such benefits and
is willing to enter into such covenants; and 

WHEREAS, Executive is willing to make his services available to the Company and the Bank on
the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein. 

NOW, THEREFORE, the parties, intending to be legally bound, agree as follows:

1. Employment and Acceptance. Effective as of the Effective Date, Executive shall be employed as the President and Chief
Executive Officer of the Company and the Chief Executive Officer of the Bank. Executive will also be nominated for membership (i) on the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board) annually during (or for each term of
service as a director that begins during) the Employment Period (as defined below) and (ii) on the Board of Directors of the Bank annually, and the Company, as the sole shareholder of the Bank, will vote to elect Executive as a director of the
Bank during (or for each term of service as a director that begins during) the Employment Period (as defined below). Executive shall have the duties and responsibilities that are commensurate with such positions, as shall be determined by the Board,
and shall also render such other services and duties as may be reasonably assigned Executive from time to time by the Employer, consistent with Executives positions with the Employer. Executive accepts and agrees to such employment and agrees
to carry out his duties and responsibilities to the best of his ability in a competent, efficient and businesslike manner. Executive further agrees to comply with all the policies, standards and codes of conduct of the Employer now or hereafter
adopted. 

2. Term. This Agreement is effective on the Effective Date and shall end on the second anniversary of the Effective
Date and the term hereof will be automatically extended for an additional year beginning on the day after the second anniversary date and any anniversary date 

thereafter, unless terminated as provided herein. The term of this Agreement will not be extended if either party gives written notice to the other stating its intention to terminate such term at
least 90 days before the second or any succeeding anniversary of the Effective Date. The initial term of this Agreement and any extension of such term is referred to as the Employment Period. 

3. Compensation. 

(a) Base Salary. During the Employment Period, Executive shall receive for Executives services an annual base salary (the
Base Salary) in an amount to be determined by the Board. The Base Salary will be reviewed annually and may be adjusted upward or downward in the sole discretion of the Board. In no event, however, will the Base Salary be less than
the gross amount of $547,000. The Base Salary will be subject to all applicable withholdings and deductions required by federal and state law. 

(b) Annual Bonus; Other Incentives. During the Employment Period, Executive will be entitled to receive annual cash bonus
payments as may be determined by the Board pursuant to the bonus program for executive officers of the Employer; provided that such annual bonus will be based on metrics, standards and parameters established by the Board and will provide for a
payment of up to 40% of the Base Salary. Any such annual cash bonus will be paid to Executive no later than two and one-half months after the end of the year for which the annual bonus is awarded. To be
eligible to receive any cash bonus, Executive must be actively employed by the Employer on the date such bonus is accrued. The bonus will be subject to all applicable withholdings and deductions required by federal and state law. During the
Employment Period, Executive also will be eligible to receive other cash- or stock-based incentives in such amounts and on such terms and conditions as established by the Board or by the compensation committee of the Board, as applicable; provided
that each year during the Employment Period, Executive will be eligible for a long-term incentive award (which may take the form of an annual equity or equity-based grant) of up to 60% of the Base Salary. 

(c) Benefits. During the Employment Period, Executive will be entitled to participate in those retirement, life insurance,
medical, sick leave, vacation, paid time off and other employee benefit plans and programs of the Employer that may be in effect from time to time, to the extent Executive is eligible under the terms of those plans and programs. The Employer
reserves the right to modify, add or eliminate benefits for its employees at any time as it deems appropriate and as in accordance with applicable federal and state law. 

(d) Business Expenses. The Employer will pay on Executives behalf (or promptly reimburse Executive for) reasonable expenses
incurred by Executive at the request of, or on behalf of, the Employer in the performance of Executives duties pursuant to this Agreement, in accordance with the Employers policies as in effect from time to time. The Employer shall pay
on Executives behalf (or promptly reimburse Executive for) reasonable travel-related expenses for Executives spouse in connection with business functions attended by Executive pursuant to this Agreement and Executives spouse. 

2 

(e) Fringe Benefits. During the Employment Period, the Employer will provide
Executive with an appropriate automobile or automobile allowance, including appropriate insurance coverage, fuel and maintenance expenses, in accordance with the Employers policies. If an automobile allowance is provided, such allowance will
be reported by the Employer as taxable income to Executive and will be subject to income and employment tax withholding. During the Employment Period, the Employer shall provide Executive a Bank-owned cell phone for Executives use. In
addition, during the Employment Period, the Employer shall provide Executive with such fringe benefits as are appropriate for his position. 

4. Termination and Termination Benefits. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 2, and in addition to the expiration of
the term of this Agreement, Executives employment will terminate under the following circumstances and will be subject to the following provisions: 

(a) Termination as a Consequence of Death or Disability. If Executive dies while employed by the Employer, the Employer will pay
Executives beneficiary designated in writing (provided such writing is executed and dated by Executive and delivered to the Employer in a form acceptable to the Employer prior to Executives death) or, if none, Executives estate,
the Base Salary through the end of the calendar month in which Executives death occurs. If Executive becomes disabled (as defined below), the Employer may give Executive written notice of its intention to terminate Executives
employment, in which event Executives employment with the Employer will terminate on the 30th day after receipt of such notice by Executive. Notwithstanding any other provision of this
Agreement to the contrary, if Executives employment is terminated under the preceding sentence, no payments shall be made under Section 4(c) or 4(d); provided that Executive shall be paid the Base Salary for services performed through the
date of termination, and any other amounts required to be paid by law. 

For purposes of this Section 4, Executive is
disabled if Executive is entitled to receive long-term disability benefits under the Employers long-term disability plan, or, if there is no such plan, Executives inability to perform any of Executives essential
job functions, which disability lasts for an uninterrupted period of at least 180 days or a total of at least 240 days out of any consecutive 360 day period, as a result of Executives incapacity due to physical or mental illness (as determined
by the opinion of an independent physician selected by the Employer). 

(b) Termination for Cause. Executives employment
may be terminated for Cause by the Employer by written notice to Executive following the vote of at least two-thirds of the members of the Board approving such termination, which termination will be effective
immediately. If the Employer terminates Executives employment for Cause, Executive shall have no right to render services or to receive compensation or other benefits under this Agreement for any period after such termination except as
expressly provided in Section 5(a)(ii). Only the following shall constitute Cause for such termination: 

(i) deliberate neglect by Executive in the performance of Executives material duties and responsibilities as
established from time to time by the Employer or Executives willful failure to follow reasonable written instructions or policies of the Employer; 

3 

(ii) Executives continued failure to satisfactorily perform
Executives job duties after being advised in writing of such failure and being given a reasonable opportunity and period to remedy such failure; 

(iii) conviction of or entering of a guilty plea or plea of no contest with respect to a felony, a crime of moral
turpitude or any other crime with respect to which imprisonment is a possible punishment, or the commission of an act of embezzlement or fraud against the Employer or an Affiliate (as defined below); 

(iv) any breach by Executive of a material term of this Agreement, or violation in any material respect of any code or
standard of behavior generally applicable to officers of the Employer, after being advised in writing of such breach or violation and being given a reasonable opportunity and period to remedy such breach or violation; or 

(v) the willful engaging by Executive in conduct that is reasonably likely to result, or has resulted, in material injury
to the Employer, reputational, financial or otherwise. 

All determinations made in interpreting and implementing the foregoing definition of Cause shall
be made by the Employer in its reasonable discretion, and shall be binding on the Employer and Executive. 

(c) Termination by the
Employer Without Cause. Executives employment may be terminated by the Employer without Cause at any time upon 90 days written notice to Executive, following the vote of at least two-third of
the members of the Board approving such termination, which termination will be effective immediately or on such later date as specified in the written notice. It shall not constitute a breach of this Agreement for the Employer to suspend
Executives duties and to place Executive on paid leave during the notice period. In the event Executives employment is terminated without Cause before, or more than one year after, a Change in Control (as defined below) shall have
occurred, Executive shall receive any unpaid Base Salary through the date of termination within 30 days after the date of termination. In addition, Executive shall receive the following benefits, provided Executive signs a release and waiver of
claims in favor of the Employer, any business entity that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with the Employer (each, an Affiliate), and their
respective officers and directors in a form provided by the Employer no later than the date of termination (the Release) and the Release has become effective within 30 days after the date of termination: 

(i) For the greater of the number of months remaining in the Employment Period or 12 months (such number of months, the
Severance Period), the Employer will (a) continue to pay Executives Base Salary in effect on the date of termination and (b) pay 1/12 of the highest annual bonus paid or payable, including by reason of any
deferral, for the two years immediately preceding the year in which Executives employment terminates, such payments to be made on the same periodic dates as salary payments would have been made to Executive had Executives employment not
been terminated, subject to compliance with Section 9(i) of this Agreement regarding the requirements of Section 409A (Section 409A) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code);
and 

4 

(ii) Executive will receive a welfare continuance benefit in an amount
equal to the product of (x) the number of months in the Severance Period times (y) the excess of the monthly premium that would apply as of Executives date of termination for continued health, dental and vision plan coverage for
Executive and Executives qualified beneficiaries (as defined in Section 4980B of the Code) over the monthly amount that Executive paid for such coverage immediately before Executives termination. Such payment will be
made only for individuals (including Executive) who are covered under such plan or plans immediately prior to Executives termination, but without regard to whether an election for coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation
Act of 1985 is made. Such payment will be made in a lump sum on the 30th day after date of termination of Executives employment, net of employment and income tax withholding. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive shall not be entitled to any further payment under this Section 4(c) or under Section 4(d) of this
Agreement in the event the Employer determines that Executive has breached any of the covenants set forth in Section 5 of this Agreement and files an action to enforce the covenants or gives Executive a notice that a claim is being initiated
under Section 6 of this Agreement. Further, in such a proceeding, the Employer shall seek, and Executive shall be liable to return to the Employer, any payments made to Executive under this Section 4 dating back to the date of the original
breach. 

(d) Termination by Executive for Good Reason. Executive may voluntarily terminate Executives employment under
this Agreement for Good Reason at any time before, or more than one year after, a Change in Control shall have occurred and be entitled to receive the compensation and other benefits set forth in Section 4(c) relating to a termination without
Cause, provided Executive signs the Release and it becomes effective within 30 days after the date of termination of Executives employment. Executive must provide written notice to the Employer of the existence of the event or condition
constituting such Good Reason within 90 days of the initial occurrence of the event or condition alleged to constitute Good Reason. Upon delivery of such notice by Executive, the Employer shall have a period of 30 days during which it may remedy in
good faith the event or condition constituting Good Reason, and Executives employment shall continue in effect during such time so long as the Employer is making diligent efforts to cure. In the event the Employer shall remedy in good faith
the event or condition constituting Good Reason during such 30-day period, then such notice of termination shall be null and void, and the Employer shall not be required to pay the amount due to Executive
under this Section 4(d). 

For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason shall mean: 

(i) a material diminution in any of Executives positions under Section 1 or Executives authority, duties
or responsibilities in any of such positions; 

5 

(ii) the relocation of Executives primary office at which
Executive must perform the services to be provided by Executive pursuant to this Agreement by more than 50 miles from its location as of the Effective Date without Executives written consent; 

(iii) the failure of the Employer to comply with the provisions of Section 3 or a material breach by the Employer of
any other provision of this Agreement; or 

(iv) any limitation imposed by the Employer upon Executives
performance of Executives duties that substantially impairs Executives ability to perform Executives duties in compliance with the Exchange Act (as defined below) or applicable bank holding company or bank laws and regulations.

Notwithstanding the above, Good Reason shall not include any resignation by Executive where Cause for Executives termination by the Employer exists
and has been asserted by the Employer. Executive and the Employer agree that this Section 4(d) shall not apply to a termination for Good Reason in connection with a Change in Control and that Section 4(g) shall apply in such a
circumstance. 

(e) Resignation without Good Reason; Resignation of All Other Positions. Executive may terminate his
employment under this Agreement without Good Reason by written notice to the Company effective 90 days after receipt of such notice by the Company. If Executive terminates his employment without Good Reason, Executive shall have no right to render
services or to receive compensation or other benefits under this Agreement for any period after such termination. It shall not constitute a breach of this Agreement for the Employer to suspend Executives duties and to place Executive on paid
leave during the notice period. Further, effective upon the termination of Executives employment for any reason, Executive shall be deemed to have resigned from all positions that Executive holds as an officer or an employee of the Company or
the Bank or as a member of the Board of Directors (or committee thereof) of the Company or the Bank or any of the Employers Affiliates. 

(f) Change in Control. For purposes of this Agreement, a Change in Control means any of the following actions identified in
clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) below: 

(i) The acquisition by any Person (as defined below) of beneficial ownership
of 50% or more of the then outstanding shares of common stock of the Company, provided that it shall not constitute a Change in Control if (a) the acquisition is directly from the Company (excluding an acquisition by virtue of the exercise of a
conversion privilege) or (b) individuals who constitute the Incumbent Board (as defined below) immediately prior to the acquisition continue to constitute a majority of the Board of Directors of the Company for the 12-month period immediately after the acquisition. 

(ii) Individuals who
constitute the Board of Directors of the Company on the Effective Date (the Incumbent Board) cease to constitute a majority of the Board of Directors of the Company within a 12-month period,
provided that any director whose 

6 

nomination was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then comprising the Incumbent Board will be considered a member of the Incumbent
Board, but excluding any such individual whose initial assumption of office is in connection with an actual or threatened election contest relating to the election of the directors of the Company. 

(iii) Consummation of a reorganization, merger, share exchange or consolidation involving the Company (a
Reorganization), unless each of the following conditions is satisfied: (a) at least 40% of the then outstanding shares of common stock of the corporation resulting from the Reorganization is beneficially owned by all or
substantially all of the former shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions, relative to each other, as their ownership existed in the Company immediately prior to the Reorganization; (b) no Person beneficially owns 20% or
more of either (1) the then outstanding shares of common stock of the corporation resulting from the transaction or (2) the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of such corporation entitled to vote generally in
the election of directors; and (c) at least a majority of the members of the board of directors of the corporation resulting from the Reorganization were members of the Incumbent Board at the time of the execution of the initial agreement
providing for the Reorganization. 

For purposes of this Agreement, a Change in Control occurs on the date on which an event described in clause (i), (ii)
or (iii) immediately above occurs. If a Change in Control occurs on account of a series of transactions or events, the Change in Control occurs on the date of the last of such transactions or events. For purposes of this Section 4(f) of
this Agreement, Person means any individual, entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)), other than any employee benefit
plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or an Affiliate, and beneficial ownership has the meaning given the term in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act. 

(g) Termination due to Change in Control. If Executives employment is terminated without Cause or if Executive resigns for
Good Reason, in either case within one year after a Change in Control shall have occurred, (i) Executive shall receive any unpaid Base Salary through the date of termination within 30 days after the date of termination, (ii) the amount set
forth in Section 4(c)(ii) shall be paid to Executive as provided therein, (iii) Executive shall be paid in a lump sum no later than the 30th day after the date of such termination, net of employment and income tax withholding, an amount
equal to two times the sum of (A) (x) the Base Salary in effect on the date of termination or, (y) if greater, the highest base salary in effect in the three months immediately prior to the Change in Control, plus (B) the highest
annual bonus paid or payable, including by reason of any deferral, for the two years immediately preceding the year in which Executives employment terminates, subject to compliance with Section 9(i) of this Agreement regarding the
requirements of Section 409A and Executives continuing compliance with the covenants under Section 5 of this Agreement. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, Executive shall not be entitled to any further payment under this Section 4(g) in the event the Employer determines that Executive has breached any of the covenants set forth in Section 5 and files an action to enforce the
covenants or gives Executive notice that a claim is being initiated under Section 6. Further, in such a proceeding, the Employer 

7 

shall seek, and Executive shall be liable to return to the Employer, any payments made to Executive under this Section 4 dating back to the date of the original breach. As a condition
precedent to the entitlement or receipt of any payments or vesting under this Section 4(g), Executive must sign the Release, and the Release must become effective within 30 days after the date of termination. 

(h) Parachute Taxes. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or any other plan, arrangement or agreement to the
contrary, if any of the payments or benefits provided or to be provided by the Employer or its Affiliates to Executive or for Executives benefit pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise (CoveredPayments)
constitute parachute payments (Parachute Payments) within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code and would, but for this Section 4(h), be subject to the excise tax imposed under Section 4999 of the Code (or any
successor provision thereto) or any similar tax imposed by state or local law or any interest or penalties with respect to such taxes (collectively, the Excise Tax), then the Covered Payments: (A) shall be reduced to the
minimum extent necessary to ensure that no portion of the Covered Payments is subject to the Excise Tax (that amount, the Reduced Amount); or (B) shall be payable in full if Executives receipt on an after-tax basis of the full amount of payments and benefits (after taking into account the applicable federal, state, local and foreign income, employment and excise taxes (including the Excise Tax)) would result in
Executive retaining an amount greater than the Reduced Amount. Any determination required under this Section 4(h), including whether any payments or benefits are Parachute Payments, shall be made by the accounting firm or tax counsel selected
by the Company in its sole discretion (the Tax Advisor), which shall provide detailed supporting calculations to the Company and Executive. The Company and Executive shall provide the Tax Advisor with such information and
documents as the Tax Advisor may reasonably request in order to make a determination under this Section 4(h). For purposes of making the calculations and determinations required by this Section 4(h), the Tax Advisor may rely on reasonable,
good faith assumptions and approximations concerning the application of Section 280G and Section 4999 of the Code. The Tax Advisors determinations shall be final and binding on the Company and Executive. The Company shall be
responsible for all fees and expenses incurred by the Tax Advisor in connection with the calculations required by this Section 4(h). 

5. Covenants of Executive. 

(a) 

Noncompetition. 

(i) Executive agrees that when employed with the Employer during the Employment Period and for any further period in
which Executive is employed with the Employer and for 12 months after Executive is no longer employed by the Employer for any reason (the Noncompete Period), except as set forth in Section 5(a)(ii), Executive will not
directly or indirectly, as a principal, agent, employee, employer, investor, director, consultant, co-partner or in any other individual or representative capacity whatsoever engage in a Competitive Business
anywhere in the Market Area (as such terms are defined below) by (i) owning, managing or controlling a Competitive Business, or (ii) performing competitive duties that are the same as or substantially similar to those which Executive
performed on behalf of the Employer or any of its 

8 

Affiliates during the last 24 months of Executives employment by the Employer for or on behalf of any Person engaged in a Competitive Business. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive may
purchase or otherwise acquire up to (but not more than) 1% of any class of securities of any business enterprise (but without otherwise participating in the activities of such enterprise) that engages in a Competitive Business in the Market Area and
whose securities are listed on any national securities exchange or have been registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. 

(ii) If the Employer terminates Executive for Cause, the covenants of Section 5(a)(i) shall not apply unless the
Employer (A) provides written notice to Executive, within 15 days after Executives termination date, that such covenants shall apply for a period specified in the notice, which period shall not exceed 12 months following Executives
termination date (the period specified, the Applicable Period) and (B) agrees to continue to pay the monthly Base Salary on regular payroll dates through the end of the Applicable Period. Payment of the monthly Base Salary
will cease, however, in the event the Employer determines that Executive has breached the covenants set forth in Section 5 during the Applicable Period and files an action to enforce the covenants or gives Executive a notice that a claim is
being initiated under Section 6 of this Agreement. Further, in such a proceeding, the Employer shall seek, and Executive shall be liable to return to the Employer, any payments made to Executive under this Section 5(a)(ii) dating back to
the date of the original breach. For clarity, the covenants of Section 5(a) shall continue to apply during the remainder of the Applicable Period (and the covenants of Section 5(b) and 5(c) shall continue to apply during the remainder of
the Noncompete Period). 

(b) Nonsolicitation of Customers. Executive agrees that when employed with the Employer during the
Employment Period and for any further period in which Executive is employed with the Employer and for 12 months after Executive is no longer employed by the Employer for any reason (the Nonsolicit Period), Executive will not,
directly or indirectly, solicit, divert from the Employer or its Affiliates, or transact business with any Customer (as defined below) of the Employer or its Affiliates, with whom Executive had Material Contact (as defined below) during the last 12
months of Executives employment or about whom Executive obtained information not known generally to the public while acting within the scope of Executives employment during the last 12 months of employment, if the purpose of such
solicitation, diversion or transaction is to compete with the Employer or its Affiliates by providing products or services that are the same as or substantially similar to, and competitive with, those offered by Employer or its Affiliates at the
time Executives employment ceases. 

(c) Nonsolicitation of Employees. Executive agrees that when employed by the
Employer and through the Nonsolicit Period, Executive will not, directly or indirectly, hire any person employed by the Employer or its Affiliates during the last six months of Executives employment, or solicit for hire or induce any such
person to terminate employment with the Employer or its Affiliates, if the purpose is to compete with the Employer or its Affiliates. 

9 

(d) Definitions. As used in this Agreement: 

(i) The term Competitive Business means any of the following businesses in which Executive was engaged
in at any time during the last 24 months of Executives employment with the Employer on behalf of the Employer: (A) the financial services business, which encompasses one or more of the following businesses, so long as and to the extent
that the Employer or any of its Affiliates are engaged in any of such businesses at the time Executives employment ceases: consumer and commercial banking, insurance brokerage, residential and commercial mortgage lending, and wealth
management, and (B) any other business in which the Employer or any of its Affiliates are engaged so long as and to the extent that the Employer or any of its Affiliates are engaged in any such other business at the time Executives
employment ceases. 

(ii) The term Customer means (A) any Person (as defined below) with whom
the Employer or its Affiliates had a depository or other contractual relationship, pursuant to which the Employer or its Affiliates provided products or services during the last 12 months of Executives employment, or (B) any prospective
Customer with whom Executive had substantive contact during the last 12 months of his employment for the purpose of encouraging or soliciting them to do business with the Employer or its Affiliates. 

(iii) The term Market Area means any city, town, county or municipality in which the Employer or its
Affiliates is operating a retail banking office or a mortgage office as of the date Executives employment ceases, and any immediately adjacent city, town, county or municipality. 

(iv) The term Material Contact means that Executive personally communicated with the Customer, either
orally or in writing, for the purpose of providing, offering to provide or assisting in providing products or services of the Employer or its Affiliates during the last 12 months of Executives employment. 

(v) The term Person means any person, partnership, corporation, company, group or other entity, except
as otherwise provided for purposes of Section 4(f). 

(e) Confidentiality. As an employee of the Employer, Executive will
have access to and may participate in the origination of non-public, proprietary and confidential information relating to the Employer and/or its Affiliates and Executive acknowledges a fiduciary duty owed to
the Employer or its Affiliates not to disclose any such information. Confidential information may include, but is not limited to, trade secrets, customer lists and information, internal corporate planning, methods of marketing and operation,
personnel data, computer software and all data base technologies, know-how, processes, applications, platforms, and other data or information of or concerning the Employer or its Affiliates or their customers
that is not generally known to the public or generally in the banking industry. Executive agrees that for a period of five years following the cessation of employment, Executive will not use or disclose to any third party any such confidential
information, either 

10 

directly or indirectly, including in conducting a business, except as may be authorized in writing specifically by Employer; provided, however that to the extent the information covered by this
Section 5 is otherwise protected by the law, such as trade secrets, as defined by the Virginia Uniform Trade Secrets Act, or customer information protected by banking privacy laws, that information shall not be disclosed or used for
however long the legal protections applicable to such information remain in effect. 

Nothing in this Agreement restricts or prohibits
Executive or Executives counsel from initiating communications directly with, responding to any inquiry from, volunteering information to, or providing testimony before a self-regulatory authority or a governmental, law enforcement or other
regulatory authority, including the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the U.S. Department of Labor, the National Labor Relations Board, the U.S. Department of Justice, the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Financial Industry
Regulatory Authority, the U.S. Congress, and any Office of Inspector General (collectively, the Regulators), from participating in any reporting of, investigation into, or proceeding regarding suspected violations of law, or from
making other disclosures that are protected under or from receiving an award for information provided under the whistleblower provisions of state or federal law or regulation. Executive does not need the prior authorization of the Employer to engage
in such communications with the Regulators, respond to such inquiries from the Regulators, provide confidential information or documents containing confidential information to the Regulators, or make any such reports or disclosures to the
Regulators. Executive is not required to notify the Employer that Executive has engaged in such communications with the Regulators. Executive recognizes and agrees that, in connection with any such activity outlined above, Executive must inform the
Regulators that the information Executive is providing is confidential. 

Federal law provides certain protections to individuals who
disclose a trade secret to their attorney, a court, or a government official in certain, confidential circumstances. Specifically, federal law provides that an individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state
trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret under either of the following conditions: 

Where the disclosure is made (a) in confidence to a federal, state or local government official, either
directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and (b) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or 

Where the disclosure is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such
filing is made under seal. 

Federal law also provides that an individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for
reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose the trade secret to the attorney of the individual and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the individual (a) files any document containing the trade secret under
seal; and (b) does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. 

11 

(f) Acknowledgment. The covenants contained in this Section 5 shall be
construed and interpreted in any proceeding to permit their enforcement to the maximum extent permitted by law. Executive acknowledges and agrees that the covenants contained in this Section 5 are in consideration for this Agreement and payment
hereunder including payments that may be made under Section 4. Executive represents that his experience and capabilities are such that Executive can obtain employment in a business that is engaged in other lines and/or of a different nature
than the Employer and its Affiliates, and that the enforcement of the covenants herein will not prevent Executive from earning a sufficient livelihood. Executive further agrees that the restrictions imposed herein are necessary for the reasonable
and proper protection of the Employer and its Affiliates, and that each and every one of the restrictions is reasonable in respect to length of time, geographic area and scope of prohibited activities, and that the restrictions are neither overly
restrictive on Executives post-employment activity nor overly burdensome for Executive to abide by while in the employ of the Employer. If, however, the time, geographic and/or scope of activity restrictions set forth in this Section 5
are found by an arbitrator or court to exceed the standards deemed enforceable, the arbitrator or court, as applicable, is empowered and directed to modify the restriction(s) to the extent necessary to make them enforceable. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary herein, nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to prohibit any activity that cannot reasonably be construed to further in any meaningful way any actual or potential competition against the Employer or an Affiliate. 

(g) Enforcement. Executive acknowledges that damages at law would not be a measurable or adequate remedy for breach of the
covenants contained in this Section 5 and, accordingly, Executive agrees to submit to the equitable jurisdiction of any court of competent jurisdiction in connection with any action to enjoin Executive from violating any such covenants. In the
event legal action is commenced with respect to the provisions of this Section 5 and Executive has not strictly observed the restrictions set forth in this Section 5, then the restricted periods described in subsections (a), (b), and
(c) in this Section 5 may, in the court or arbitrators discretion, be tolled and run anew from the date of any Final Determination (as defined below) of such legal action. Final Determination shall mean the
expiration of time to file any possible appeal from a final judgment in such legal action or, if an appeal be taken, the final determination of the final appellate proceeding. All the provisions of this Section 5 will survive termination and
expiration of this Agreement. 

6. Dispute Resolution. 

(a) Except as provided in Section 6(c) below the Employer and Executive acknowledge and agree that any dispute or controversy
arising out of, relating to, or in connection with this Agreement, or the interpretation, validity, construction, performance, breach, or termination thereof, shall be settled by binding arbitration unless otherwise required by law, to be held in
Charlottesville, Virginia, in accordance with the JAMS Employment Arbitration Rules & Procedures. The arbitrator may grant injunctions or other relief in such dispute or controversy. The decision of the arbitrator shall be final, conclusive
and binding on the parties to the arbitration. Judgment may be entered on the arbitrators decision in any court having jurisdiction. The party against whom the arbitrator(s) shall render an award shall pay the other partys reasonable
attorneys fees and other reasonable costs and expenses in connection with the enforcement of its rights under this Agreement (including the enforcement of any arbitration award in court), unless and to the extent the arbitrator(s) shall
determine that under the circumstances recovery by the prevailing party of all or a part of any such fees and costs and expenses would be unjust. 

12 

(b) The arbitrator(s) shall apply Virginia law to the merits of any dispute or claim,
without reference to rules of conflicts of law. Executive hereby consents to the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in Virginia for any action or proceeding arising from or relating to this Agreement or relating to any
arbitration in which the parties are participants. 

(c) The parties may apply to any Virginia state court or federal district court
of competent jurisdiction for a temporary restraining order, preliminary injunction, or other interim or conservatory relief, as necessary, to the extent that such court would have jurisdiction over the subject matter of such action, without breach
of this arbitration agreement and without abridgment of the powers of the arbitrator. 

(d) EXECUTIVE HEREBY CONFIRMS EXECUTIVE HAS
READ AND UNDERSTANDS THIS SECTION 6, WHICH DISCUSSES ARBITRATION, AND UNDERSTANDS THAT BY SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT, EXECUTIVE AGREES, EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN SECTION 6(c), TO SUBMIT ANY CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF, RELATING TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS
AGREEMENT, OR THE INTERPRETATION, VALIDITY, CONSTRUCTION, PERFORMANCE, BREACH OR TERMINATION THEREOF TO BINDING ARBITRATION, UNLESS OTHERWISE REQUIRED BY LAW, AND THAT THIS ARBITRATION CLAUSE CONSTITUTES A WAIVER OF EXECUTIVES RIGHT TO A JURY
TRIAL AND RELATES TO THE RESOLUTION OF ALL DISPUTES RELATING TO ALL ASPECTS OF EXECUTIVES RELATIONSHIP WITH THE EMPLOYER AND ITS AFFILIATES. 

7. Non-disparagement. Executive will not at any time during or after the Employment
Period make, publish or communicate to any Person or in any public forum any defamatory or disparaging remarks, comments or statements concerning the Employer, its Affiliates, or their business, or any of their directors, employees, customers, and
other associated third parties. This Section 7 does not, in any way, restrict or impede Executive from exercising protected rights, including those described in Section 5(e), to the extent that such rights cannot be waived by agreement or
from complying with any applicable law or regulation or a valid order of a court of competent jurisdiction or an authorized government agency, provided that such compliance does not exceed that required by law, regulation or order. Executive shall
promptly provide written notice of any such order to the Employer. 

8. Regulatory Provisions. 

(a) Suspension or Temporary Prohibition from Participation. If Executive is suspended and/or temporarily prohibited from
participating in the conduct of the affairs of the Employer by a notice served under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (the FDIA) or an order issued by any federal or state government agency, the obligations of the Employer under
this Agreement shall be suspended as of the date of service of such notice or the issuance date of such order. If the charges in the notice or order are dismissed, the Employer shall (i) pay Executive all or part of the compensation withheld
while its obligations under this Agreement were suspended, and (ii) reinstate (in whole or in part) any of its obligations which were suspended. 

13 

(b) Removal or Permanent Prohibition from Participation. If Executive is
removed and/or permanently prohibited from participating in the conduct of the affairs of the Employer by a notice served under the FDIA or an order issued by any federal or state government agency, all obligations of the Employer under this
Agreement shall terminate as of the date of service of such notice or the issuance date of such order, but Executives vested rights under any employee benefit plans and programs of the Employer shall not be affected. 

(c) Default. If the Employer is in default as defined in the FDIA or any order issued by any federal or state government agency,
all obligations of the Employer under this Agreement shall terminate as of the date of default, but the operation of this Section 8(c) shall not affect any of Executives vested rights under any employee benefit plans and programs of the
Employer. 

(d) Mitigation. The Employer will use its commercially reasonable efforts to mitigate any adverse impact of
Sections 8(a), 8(b) and 8(c) on Executive. 

(e) Payment Prohibition. If the Employer is prohibited from making a payment
provided for in this Agreement pursuant to the provisions of Part 359 of the regulations of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC), then the Employer shall not be obligated to make such payment, and Executive shall
have no right to receive such payment. If the Employer is prohibited from making a payment provided for in this Agreement without the prior consent or approval of the FDIC, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency or another appropriate federal
banking agency, then the Employer shall not be obligated to make such payment, and Executive shall have no right to receive such payment, unless such consent or approval is received. The Employer hereby agrees and covenants to use its best efforts
to obtain the required consent or approval as expeditiously as possible and agree to provide Executive with documentation of its efforts and status reports as requested. 

9. Miscellaneous. 

(a) Severability. If any clause or provision of this Agreement is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable under present or
future laws effective during the term hereof, then the remainder of this Agreement shall not be affected thereby, and in lieu of each clause or provision of this Agreement which is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, there shall be added, as part of
this Agreement, a clause or provision as similar in terms to such illegal, invalid or unenforceable clause or provision as may be possible and as may be legal, valid and enforceable. 

(b) Applicable Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of
Virginia, without regard to its conflicts of law principles. 

14 

(c) Entire Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement constitutes the entire
agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and no agreements or representations, oral or otherwise, express or implied, with respect to the subject matter hereof have been made by any party which are not expressly set
forth in this Agreement. The parties acknowledge and agree that this Agreement amends, restates and replaces the Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated October 24, 2023, by and among the Company, the Bank and Executive. This Agreement
may be amended only by an agreement signed by the parties hereto. 

(d) Waiver. The rights and remedies of the parties to this
Agreement are cumulative and not alternative. Neither the failure nor any delay by any party in exercising, in whole or in part, any right, power or privilege under this Agreement will operate as a waiver of such right, power or privilege. 

(e) Binding Effect; Survival. This Agreement is binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective
successors, heirs and assigns, provided that no part of this Agreement is assignable by Executive. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement the respective rights and obligations of the
parties hereto shall survive such termination or expiration to the extent necessary to carry out the intentions of the parties set forth in this Agreement. 

(f) No Construction Against Any Party. This Agreement is the product of informed negotiations between the parties. If any part of
this Agreement is deemed to be unclear or ambiguous, it shall be construed as if it were drafted jointly by all parties. The parties agree that no party hereto was in a superior bargaining position regarding the substantive terms of this Agreement.

(g) Clawback. Any incentive-based compensation or award that Executive receives, or has received, from the Employer or its
Affiliates under this Agreement or otherwise, will be subject to clawback by the Employer as may be required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement and on such basis as the Board of Directors of the Company or of the Bank reasonably
determined in good faith, including pursuant to any incentive compensation clawback policy adopted by the Board of Directors of the Company or of the Bank. 

(h) Documents. All documents, records, tapes and other media of any kind or description relating to the business of the Employer
or its Affiliates (the Documents), whether or not prepared by Executive, shall be the sole and exclusive property of the Employer. The Documents and any copies thereof stored in any manner, together with any Employer issued
equipment, vehicles, keys, security devices, identification cards, computers, cell phones and other devices, that are in Executives possession or control shall be returned to the Employer immediately upon Executives termination of
employment for any reason or at such earlier time as the Board or its designees may specify. 

15 

(i) Section 409A Compliance. This Agreement is intended to
comply with Section 409A or an exemption thereunder and shall be construed and administered in accordance with Section 409A. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, payments provided under this Agreement may only be made
upon an event and in a manner that complies with Section 409A or an applicable exemption. Any payments under this Agreement that may be excluded from Section 409A either as separation pay due to an involuntary separation from service or as
a short-term deferral shall be excluded from Section 409A to the maximum extent possible. For purposes of Section 409A, each installment payment provided under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment. Any payments to be made
under this Agreement upon a termination of employment shall only be made upon a separation from service under Section 409A to the extent required to avoid a violation of Section 409A. Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the
Employer nor any Affiliate makes any representation that the payments and benefits provided under this Agreement comply with Section 409A, and in no event shall the Employer or any Affiliate be liable for all or any portion of any taxes,
penalties, interest or other expenses that may be incurred by Executive on account of non-compliance with Section 409A. 

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if any payment or benefit provided to Executive in connection with Executives
termination of employment is determined to constitute nonqualified deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A and Executive is determined to be a specified employee as defined in
Section 409A(a)(2)(b)(i), then such payment or benefit shall not be paid until the first payroll date to occur following the six-month anniversary of the date of termination or if sooner the date of
Executives death (the Specified Employee Payment Date) to the extent required for compliance with Section 409A. The aggregate of any payments that would otherwise have been paid before the Specified Employee Payment
Date shall be paid to Executive (or Executives beneficiary) in a lump sum on the Specified Employee Payment Date and thereafter, any remaining payments shall be paid without delay in accordance with their original schedule. 

Any payment under Section 4 of this Agreement that is determined to constitute nonqualified deferred compensation within the
meaning of Section 409A, and that is subject to the Release becoming effective, and that would otherwise be paid in the first 30 days after Executives termination date shall be paid, if at all, on such 30th day and any remaining payments shall be made in accordance with their original schedule. 

Payments with respect to reimbursements of expenses or in-kind benefits shall be paid or provided in
accordance with the Employers applicable policy or benefit plan, but in all events reimbursements shall be paid no later than the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the relevant expense is incurred. The amount
of expenses or benefits eligible for reimbursement, payment or provision during a calendar year shall not affect the expenses or benefits eligible for reimbursement or provision in any other calendar year. 

(j) Notices. Any notices and other communications provided for by this Agreement will be sufficient if in writing and delivered
in person or sent by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid (in which case notice will be deemed to have been given on the third day after mailing), or by overnight delivery by a reliable overnight courier service (in which case notice will
be deemed to have been given on the day after delivery to such courier service). Notices to 

16 

the Employer shall be directed to the Corporate Secretary of the Company, with a copy directed to the Chairman of the Board. Notices to Executive shall be directed to Executives last known
address. Any party may designate another address in writing (or by such other method approved by the Employer) from time to time. 

(k) Acknowledgement of Full Understanding. EXECUTIVE ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES: (i) THAT EXECUTIVE HAS FULLY READ, UNDERSTANDS
AND IS VOLUNTARILY ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT; AND (ii) THAT EXECUTIVE HAS HAD AN OPPORTUNITY TO ASK QUESTIONS AND CONSULT WITH AN ATTORNEY OF EXECUTIVES CHOICE BEFORE SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT. 

(l) Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but
all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. 

(m) Tax Withholding. The Employer is authorized to
withhold from all amounts paid or provided under this Agreement applicable taxes required to be withheld thereon. 

[Signatures page
follows] 

17 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Agreement on the day and year
first above written. 

BLUE RIDGE BANKSHARES, INC.

By: 

/s/ Loreen Lagatta

Loreen Lagatta

Executive Vice President and

Chief Human Resources Officer

BLUE RIDGE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

By: 

/s/ Judy Gavant

Judy Gavant

President and Chief Financial Officer

/s/ G. William Beale

G. William Beale

18
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d877980dex102.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
EX-10.2

Exhibit 10.2 

AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 

This Amended and Restated Employment Agreement (this Agreement) is dated as of January 23, 2025 and is effective
January 1, 2025 (the Effective Date), by and among Blue Ridge Bankshares, Inc., a Virginia corporation (the Company), Blue Ridge Bank, National Association, a national banking association (the
Bank and, collectively with the Company, the Employer), and Judy C. Gavant (the Executive). 

WHEREAS, the Bank is the wholly-owned national banking association subsidiary of the Company; and 

WHEREAS, Executive is a valuable executive of the Company and the Bank, and the Company and the Bank wish for Executive to continue her
services in her current positions; and 

WHEREAS, the Company and the Bank desire to provide substantial benefits to Executive to which
Executive would not be otherwise entitled and to obtain from Executive covenants protecting the Companys and the Banks customer relationships, confidential information and trade secrets, and Executive desires to obtain such benefits and
is willing to enter into such covenants; and 

WHEREAS, Executive is willing to make her services available to the Company and the Bank on
the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein. 

NOW, THEREFORE, the parties, intending to be legally bound, agree as follows:

1. Employment and Acceptance. Effective as of the Effective Date, Executive shall be employed as the President and Chief
Financial Officer of the Bank and as the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company. Executive will also be nominated for membership on the Board of Directors of the Bank annually, and the Company, as the sole
shareholder of the Bank, will vote to elect Executive as a director of the Bank during (or for each term of service as a director that begins during) the Employment Period (as defined below). Executive shall have the duties and responsibilities that
are commensurate with such positions and shall also render such other services and duties as may be reasonably assigned Executive from time to time by the Employer, consistent with Executives positions with the Employer. Executive accepts and
agrees to such employment and agrees to carry out her duties and responsibilities to the best of her ability in a competent, efficient and businesslike manner. Executive further agrees to comply with all the policies, standards and codes of conduct
of the Employer now or hereafter adopted. 

2. Term. This Agreement is effective on the Effective Date and shall end on the
second anniversary of the Effective Date and the term hereof will be automatically extended for an additional year beginning on the day after the second anniversary date and any anniversary date thereafter, unless terminated as provided herein. The
term of this Agreement will not be extended if either party gives written notice to the other stating its intention to terminate such term at least 90 days before the second or any succeeding anniversary of the Effective Date. The initial term of
this Agreement and any extension of such term is referred to as the Employment Period. 

3. Compensation. 

(a) Base Salary. During the Employment Period, Executive shall receive for Executives services an annual base salary (the
Base Salary) in an amount to be determined by the Employer in accordance with the salary administration program of the Employer as it may from time to time be in effect. The Base Salary will be reviewed annually and may be
adjusted upward or downward in the sole discretion of the Employer. In no event, however, will the Base Salary be less than the gross amount of $360,000. The Base Salary will be subject to all applicable withholdings and deductions required by
federal and state law. 

(b) Annual Bonus; Other Incentives. During the Employment Period, Executive will be entitled to
receive annual cash bonus payments as may be determined by the Employer pursuant to its bonus program for officers of the Employer; provided that (i) Executive will be paid an annual cash bonus for any year for which the Chief Executive Officer
of the Bank is awarded an annual cash bonus and (ii) such annual bonus will be based on metrics, standards and parameters that are the same as metrics, standards and parameters for the annual bonus of the Chief Executive Officer of the Bank and
will provide for a payment of up to 30% of the Base Salary. Any such annual cash bonus will be paid to Executive no later than two and one-half months after the end of the year for which the annual bonus is
awarded. To be eligible to receive any cash bonus, Executive must be actively employed by the Employer on the date such bonus is accrued. The bonus will be subject to all applicable withholdings and deductions required by federal and state law.
During the Employment Period, Executive also will be eligible to receive other cash- or stock-based incentives in such amounts and on such terms and conditions as established by the Board of Directors of the Employer, or by the compensation
committee of the applicable Board, as applicable; provided that each year during the Employment Period, Executive will be eligible for a long-term incentive award (which may take the form or an annual equity or equity-based grant) of up to 30% of
the Base Salary. 

(c) Benefits. Executive will be entitled to participate in those retirement, life insurance, medical, sick
leave, vacation, paid time off and other employee benefit plans and programs of the Employer that may be in effect from time to time, to the extent Executive is eligible under the terms of those plans and programs. The Employer reserves the right to
modify, add or eliminate benefits for its employees at any time as it deems appropriate. 

(d) Business Expenses. The Employer
will pay on Executives behalf (or promptly reimburse Executive for) reasonable expenses incurred by Executive at the request of, or on behalf of, the Employer in the performance of Executives duties pursuant to this Agreement, in
accordance with the Employers policies as in effect from time to time. 

(e) Fringe Benefits. During the Employment
Period, the Employer shall provide Executive a Bank-owned vehicle and cell phone for Executives use. 

2 

4. Termination and Termination Benefits. Notwithstanding the provisions of
Section 2, and in addition to the expiration of the term of this Agreement, Executives employment will terminate under the following circumstances and will be subject to the following provisions: 

(a) Termination as a Consequence of Death or Disability. If Executive dies while employed by the Employer, the Employer will pay
Executives beneficiary designated in writing (provided such writing is executed and dated by Executive and delivered to the Employer in a form acceptable to the Employer prior to Executives death) or, if none, Executives estate,
the Base Salary through the end of the calendar month in which Executives death occurs. If Executive becomes disabled (as defined below), the Employer may give Executive written notice of its intention to terminate Executives
employment, in which event Executives employment with the Employer will terminate on the 30th day after receipt of such notice by Executive. Notwithstanding any other provision of this
Agreement to the contrary, if Executives employment is terminated under the preceding sentence, no payments shall be made under Section 4(c) or 4(d); provided that Executive shall be paid the Base Salary for services performed through the
date of termination, and any other amounts required to be paid by law. 

For purposes of this Section 4, Executive is
disabled if Executive is entitled to receive long-term disability benefits under the Employers long-term disability plan, or, if there is no such plan, Executives inability to perform any of Executives essential
job functions, which disability lasts for an uninterrupted period of at least 180 days or a total of at least 240 days out of any consecutive 360 day period, as a result of Executives incapacity due to physical or mental illness (as determined
by the opinion of an independent physician selected by the Employer). 

(b) Termination for Cause. Executives employment
may be terminated for Cause at any time. If the Employer terminates Executives employment for Cause, Executive shall have no right to render services or to receive compensation or other benefits under this Agreement for any period after such
termination. Only the following shall constitute Cause for such termination: 

(i) deliberate
neglect by Executive in the performance of Executives material duties and responsibilities as established from time to time by the Employer or Executives willful failure to follow reasonable instructions or policies of the Employer; 

(ii) Executives continued failure to satisfactorily perform Executives job duties after being advised in
writing of such failure and being given a reasonable opportunity and period to remedy such failure; 

(iii) conviction
of or entering of a guilty plea or plea of no contest with respect to a felony, a crime of moral turpitude or any other crime with respect to which imprisonment is a possible punishment, or the commission of an act of embezzlement or fraud against
the Employer or an Affiliate (as defined below); 

(iv) any breach by Executive of a material term of this Agreement,
or violation in any material respect of any code or standard of behavior generally applicable to officers of the Employer, after being advised in writing of such breach or violation and being given a reasonable opportunity and period to remedy such
breach or violation; or 

3 

(v) the willful engaging by Executive in conduct that is reasonably
likely to result, or has resulted, in material injury to the Employer, reputational, financial or otherwise. 

All determinations made in interpreting and
implementing the foregoing definition of Cause shall be made by the Employer in its sole, reasonable discretion, and shall be binding on the Employer and Executive. 

(c) Termination by the Employer Without Cause. Executives employment may be terminated by the Employer without Cause at any
time upon written notice to Executive, which termination will be effective immediately or on such later date as specified in the written notice. In the event Executives employment is terminated without Cause before, or more than one year
after, a Change in Control shall have occurred, Executive shall receive any unpaid Base Salary through the date of termination within 30 days after the date of termination. In addition, Executive shall receive the following benefits, provided
Executive signs a release and waiver of claims in favor of the Employer, any business entity that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with the Employer (each, an
Affiliate), and their respective officers and directors in a form provided by the Employer no later than the date of termination (the Release) and the Release has become effective within 30 days after the date
of termination: 

(i) For the greater of the number of months remaining in the Employment Period or 12 months (such
number of months, the Severance Period), the Employer will continue to pay Executives Base Salary in effect on the date of termination, such payments to be made on the same periodic dates as salary payments would have been
made to Executive had Executives employment not been terminated, subject to compliance with Section 9(i) of this Agreement regarding the requirements of Section 409A (Section 409A) of the Internal Revenue Code of
1986 (the Code); and 

(ii) Executive will receive a welfare continuance benefit in an amount equal
to the product of (x) the number of months in the Severance Period times (y) the excess of the monthly premium that would apply as of Executives date of termination for continued health, dental and vision plan coverage for Executive
and Executives qualified beneficiaries (as defined in Section 4980B of the Code) over the monthly amount that Executive paid for such coverage immediately before Executives termination. Such payment will be made only for
individuals (including Executive) who are covered under such plan or plans immediately prior to Executives termination, but without regard to whether an election for coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 is
made. Such payment will be made in a lump sum on the 30th day after date of termination of Executives employment, net of employment and income tax withholding. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive shall not be entitled to any further payment under this Section 4(c) or under Section 4(d) of this
Agreement in the event the Employer determines that Executive has breached any of the covenants set forth in Section 5 of this Agreement and files an action to enforce the covenants or gives Executive a notice that a claim is being initiated
under 

4 

Section 6 of this Agreement. Further, in such a proceeding, the Employer shall seek, and Executive shall be liable to return to the Employer, any payments made to Executive under this
Section 4 dating back to the date of the original breach. 

(d) Termination by Executive for Good Reason. Executive may
voluntarily terminate Executives employment under this Agreement for Good Reason at any time before, or more than one year after, a Change in Control shall have occurred and be entitled to receive the compensation and other benefits set forth
in Section 4(c) relating to a termination without Cause, provided Executive signs the Release and it becomes effective within 30 days after the date of termination of Executives employment. Executive must provide written notice to the
Employer of the existence of the event or condition constituting such Good Reason within 90 days of the initial occurrence of the event or condition alleged to constitute Good Reason. Upon delivery of such notice by Executive, the Employer shall
have a period of 30 days during which it may remedy in good faith the event or condition constituting Good Reason, and Executives employment shall continue in effect during such time so long as the Employer is making diligent efforts to cure.
In the event the Employer shall remedy in good faith the event or condition constituting Good Reason during such 30-day period, then such notice of termination shall be null and void, and the Employer shall
not be required to pay the amount due to Executive under this Section 4(d). 

For purposes of this Agreement, Good
Reason shall mean: 

(i) a material diminution in any of Executives positions under Section 1 or
Executives authority, duties or responsibilities in any of such positions; 

(ii) the relocation of
Executives primary office at which Executive must perform the services to be provided by Executive pursuant to this Agreement by more than 20 miles from its location in Richmond, Virginia as of the Effective Date without Executives
consent; 

(iii) the failure of the Employer to comply with the provisions of Section 3 or a material breach by
the Employer of any other provision of this Agreement; or 

(iv) any limitation imposed by the Employer upon
Executives performance of Executives duties that substantially impairs Executives ability to perform Executives duties in compliance with the Exchange Act (as defined below) or applicable bank holding company or bank laws and
regulations. 

Notwithstanding the above, Good Reason shall not include any resignation by Executive where Cause for Executives termination by the
Employer exists and has been asserted by the Employer. Executive and the Employer agree that this Section 4(d) shall not apply to a termination for Good Reason in connection with a Change in Control and that Section 4(g) shall apply in
such a circumstance. 

5 

(e) Resignation of All Other Positions. Effective upon the termination of
Executives employment for any reason, Executive shall be deemed to have resigned from all positions that Executive holds as an officer or an employee of the Company or the Bank or as a member of the Board of Directors (or committee thereof) of
the Bank or any of its Affiliates. 

(f) Change in Control. For purposes of this Agreement, a Change in Control means any of
the following actions identified in clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) below: 

(i) The acquisition by any Person (as
defined below) of beneficial ownership of 50% or more of the then outstanding shares of common stock of the Company, provided that it shall not constitute a Change in Control if (a) the acquisition is directly from the Company (excluding an
acquisition by virtue of the exercise of a conversion privilege) or (b) individuals who constitute the Incumbent Board (as defined below) immediately prior to the acquisition continue to constitute a majority of the Companys Board of
Directors for the 12-month period immediately after the acquisition. 

(ii) Individuals who constitute the Board of Directors of the Company on the Effective Date (the Incumbent
Board) cease to constitute a majority of the Companys Board of Directors within a 12-month period, provided that any director whose nomination was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then comprising the Incumbent Board will be considered a member of the Incumbent Board, but excluding any such individual whose initial assumption of office is in connection with an
actual or threatened election contest relating to the election of the directors of the Company. 

(iii) Consummation
of a reorganization, merger, share exchange or consolidation involving the Company (a Reorganization), unless each of the following conditions is satisfied: (a) at least 40% of the then outstanding shares of common stock of
the corporation resulting from the Reorganization is beneficially owned by all or substantially all of the former shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions, relative to each other, as their ownership existed in the Company
immediately prior to the Reorganization; (b) no Person beneficially owns 20% or more of either (1) the then outstanding shares of common stock of the corporation resulting from the transaction or (2) the combined voting power of the
then outstanding voting securities of such corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors; and (c) at least a majority of the members of the board of directors of the corporation resulting from the Reorganization were
members of the Incumbent Board at the time of the execution of the initial agreement providing for the Reorganization. 

For purposes of this Agreement, a
Change in Control occurs on the date on which an event described in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) immediately above. If a Change in Control occurs on account of a series of transactions or events, the Change in Control occurs on the date of the
last of such transactions or events. For purposes of this Agreement, Person means any individual, entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
Exchange Act)), other than any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or an Affiliate, and beneficial ownership has the meaning given the term in
Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act. 

6 

(g) Termination due to Change in Control. If Executives employment is
terminated without Cause or if the Executive resigns for Good Reason, in either case within one year after a Change in Control shall have occurred, (i) Executive shall receive any unpaid Base Salary through the date of termination within 30
days after the date of termination, (ii) the amount set forth in Section 4(c)(ii) shall be paid to Executive as provided therein, (iii) Executive shall be paid in a lump sum no later than the 30th day after the date of such termination, net of employment and income tax withholding, an amount equal to two (2) times the sum of (A) the greater of the Base Salary as of the date of the
Change in Control or as of the date of such termination without Cause or for Good Reason and (B) the average of Executives annual cash bonus paid or payable (without regard to the requirement that Executive remain employed on the bonus
accrual date) pursuant to Section 3(b) for the two most recently completed calendar years ending on or before Executives date of termination, and (iv) any equity incentive awards that are outstanding and unvested immediately before
Executives termination shall become vested (with any performance-based element to vest at target), subject to compliance with Section 9(i) of this Agreement regarding the requirements of Section 409A and Executives continuing
compliance with the covenants under Section 5 of this Agreement. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive shall not be entitled to any further
payment under this Section 4(g) in the event the Employer determines that Executive has breached any of the covenants set forth in Section 5 and files an action to enforce the covenants or gives Executive notice that a claim is being
initiated under Section 6. Further, in such a proceeding, the Employer shall seek, and Executive shall be liable to return to the Employer, any payments made to Executive under this Section 4 dating back to the date of the original breach.
As a condition precedent to the entitlement or receipt of any payments or vesting under this Section 4(g), Executive must sign the Release, and the Release must become effective within 30 days after the date of termination. 

(i) Maximum Benefit. It is the intention of the parties that no payment be made or benefit provided to Executive pursuant to this
Agreement that would constitute an excess parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code and any regulations thereunder, thereby resulting in a loss of an income tax deduction by the Employer or the imposition of
an excise tax on Executive under Section 4999 of the Code. If the independent accountants serving as auditors for the Employer prior to the date of a Change in Control (or any other accounting firm or tax advisor designated by the Employer
prior to the Change in Control) determine that some or all of the payments or benefits scheduled under this Agreement, as well as any other payments or benefits on a Change in Control, would be nondeductible by the Employer under Section 280G
of the Code, then the payments scheduled under this Agreement will be reduced to one hundred dollars less than the maximum amount which may be paid without causing any such payment or benefit to be nondeductible. The determination made as to the
reduction of benefits or payments required hereunder by the independent accountants shall be binding on the parties. 

7 

5. Covenants of the Executive. 

(a) Noncompetition. Executive agrees that when employed with the Employer during the Employment Period and for any further period
in which Executive is employed with the Employer and for 12 months after Executive is no longer employed by the Employer, regardless of the reason (the Restricted Period), Executive will not directly or indirectly, as a principal,
agent, employee, employer, investor, director, consultant, co-partner or in any other individual or representative capacity whatsoever engage in a Competitive Business anywhere in the Market Area (as such
terms are defined below) by (i) owning, managing or controlling a Competitive Business, or (ii) performing competitive duties that are the same as or substantially similar to those which Executive performed on behalf of the Employer or any
of its Affiliates during the last 24 months of Executives employment by the Employer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive may purchase or otherwise acquire up to (but not more than) 1% of any class of securities of any business enterprise
(but without otherwise participating in the activities of such enterprise) that engages in a Competitive Business in the Market Area and whose securities are listed on any national securities exchange or have been registered under Section 12 of
the Exchange Act. 

(b) Nonsolicitation of Customers. Executive agrees that when employed by the Employer and through the
Restricted Period, Executive will not, directly or indirectly, solicit, divert from the Employer or its Affiliates, or transact business with any Customer of the Employer or its Affiliates, with whom Executive had Material
Contact during the last 12 months of Executives employment or about whom Executive obtained information not known generally to the public while acting within the scope of Executives employment during the last 12 months of
employment, if the purpose of such solicitation, diversion or transaction is to provide products or services that are the same as or substantially similar to, and competitive with, those offered by Employer or its Affiliates at the time
Executives employment ceases. Material Contact means that Executive personally communicated with the Customer, either orally or in writing, for the purpose of providing, offering to provide or assisting in providing products
or services of the Employer or its Affiliates during the last 12 months of Executives employment. Customer means any person or entity with whom the Employer or its Affiliates had a depository or other contractual
relationship, pursuant to which the Employer or its Affiliates provided products or services during the last 12 months of Executives employment. 

(c) Nonsolicitation of Employees. Executive agrees that when employed by the Employer and through the Restricted Period,
Executive will not, directly or indirectly, hire any person employed by the Employer or its Affiliates during the last six (6) months of Executives employment, or solicit for hire or induce any such Person to terminate employment with the
Employer or its Affiliates, if the purpose is to compete with the Employer or its Affiliates. 

(d) Definitions. As used in
this Agreement, 

(i) the term Competitive Business means any of the following businesses in which
Executive was engaged in at any time during the last 24 months of Executives employment with the Employer on behalf of the Employer: the financial 

8 

services business, which encompasses one or more of the following businesses, so long as the Employer or any of its Affiliates are engaged in any of such businesses at the time Executives
employment ceases: consumer and commercial banking, insurance brokerage, residential and commercial mortgage lending, and any other business in which the Employer or any of its Affiliates are engaged; 

(ii) the term Market Area means (A) the cities of Charlottesville, Harrisonburg, Virginia Beach,
Norfolk, Colonial Heights, Suffolk, Fredericksburg, Winchester and Martinsville in Virginia, the counties of Albemarle, Chesterfield, Culpepper, Charlotte, Fluvanna, Page, Patrick, King George, Westmoreland, Richmond, Northumberland, Lancaster,
Louisa, Middlesex, Orange, Rockingham, and Spotsylvania in Virginia, and the county of Guilford in North Carolina, and any cities, towns and counties immediately contiguous to such localities; and (B) any other city, town, county or
municipality in Virginia or North Carolina in which the Employer or its Affiliates is operating a retail banking office as of the date Executives employment with the Bank and the Company ceases, provided that the foregoing subsections
(A) and (B) shall only apply if the city, town, county, or municipality was a location (1) from which Executive worked at any time during the last 12 months of Executives employment, (2) from which someone who directly reported
to Executive worked as that persons primary office location at any time during the last 12 months of Executives employment, or (3) over which Executive had direct responsibility at any time during the last 12 months of
Executives employment; and 

(iii) except as otherwise provided for purposes of Section 4(f), the term
Person means any person, partnership, corporation, company, group or other entity. 

(e) Confidentiality.
As an employee of the Employer, Executive will have access to and may participate in the origination of non-public, proprietary and confidential information relating to the Employer and/or its Affiliates and
Executive acknowledges a fiduciary duty owed to the Employer or its Affiliates not to disclose any such information. Confidential information may include, but is not limited to, trade secrets, customer lists and information, internal corporate
planning, methods of marketing and operation, and other data or information of or concerning the Employer or its Affiliates or their customers that is not generally known to the public or generally in the banking industry. Executive agrees that for
a period of five (5) years following the cessation of employment, Executive will not use or disclose to any third party any such confidential information, either directly or indirectly, except as may be authorized in writing specifically by
Employer; provided, however that to the extent the information covered by this Section 5 is otherwise protected by the law, such as trade secrets, as defined by the Virginia Uniform Trade Secrets Act, or customer information
protected by banking privacy laws, that information shall not be disclosed or used for however long the legal protections applicable to such information remain in effect. 

Nothing in this Agreement restricts or prohibits Executive or Executives counsel from initiating communications directly with,
responding to any inquiry from, volunteering information to, or providing testimony before a self-regulatory authority or a governmental, law 

9 

enforcement or other regulatory authority, including the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the Department of Labor, the National Labor Relations Board, the Department of Justice, the
Securities and Exchange Commission, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, the Congress, and any Office of Inspector General (collectively, the Regulators), from participating in any reporting of, investigation into, or
proceeding regarding suspected violations of law, or from making other disclosures that are protected under or from receiving an award for information provided under the whistleblower provisions of state or federal law or regulation. Executive does
not need the prior authorization of the Employer to engage in such communications with the Regulators, respond to such inquiries from the Regulators, provide confidential information or documents containing confidential information to the
Regulators, or make any such reports or disclosures to the Regulators. Executive is not required to notify the Employer that Executive has engaged in such communications with the Regulators. Executive recognizes and agrees that, in connection with
any such activity outlined above, Executive must inform the Regulators that the information Executive is providing is confidential. 

Federal law provides certain protections to individuals who disclose a trade secret to their attorney, a court, or a government official in
certain, confidential circumstances. Specifically, federal law provides that an individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret under either of the following
conditions: 

Where the disclosure is made (a) in confidence to a federal, state or local government official, either
directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and (b) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or 

Where the disclosure is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such
filing is made under seal. 

Federal law also provides that an individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for
reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose the trade secret to the attorney of the individual and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the individual (a) files any document containing the trade secret under
seal; and (b) does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. 

(f) Acknowledgment. The covenants
contained in this Section 5 shall be construed and interpreted in any proceeding to permit their enforcement to the maximum extent permitted by law. Executive acknowledges and agrees that the covenants contained in this Section 5 are in
consideration for this Agreement and payment hereunder including payments that may be made under Section 4. Executive further agrees that the restrictions imposed herein are necessary for the reasonable and proper protection of the Employer and
its Affiliates, and that each and every one of the restrictions is reasonable in respect to length of time, geographic area and scope of prohibited activities, and that the restrictions are neither overly restrictive on Executives
post-employment activity nor overly burdensome for Executive to abide by while in the employ of the Employer. If, however, the time, geographic and/or scope of activity restrictions set forth in Section 5 are found by an arbitrator or court to
exceed the standards 

10 

deemed enforceable, the arbitrator or court, as applicable, is empowered and directed to modify the restriction(s) to the extent necessary to make them enforceable. Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary herein, nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to prohibit any activity that cannot reasonably be construed to further in any meaningful way any actual or potential competition against the Employer or an Affiliate. 

(g) Enforcement. Executive acknowledges that damages at law would not be a measurable or adequate remedy for breach of the
covenants contained in this Section 5 and, accordingly, Executive agrees to submit to the equitable jurisdiction of any court of competent jurisdiction in connection with any action to enjoin Executive from violating any such covenants. In the
event legal action is commenced with respect to the provisions of this Section 5 and Executive has not strictly observed the restrictions set forth in this Section 5, then the restricted periods described in subsections (a), (b), and
(c) in this Section 5 may, in the court or arbitrators discretion, be tolled and run anew from the date of any Final Determination of such legal action. Final Determination shall mean the expiration of time to
file any possible appeal from a final judgment in such legal action or, if an appeal be taken, the final determination of the final appellate proceeding. All the provisions of this Section 5 will survive termination and expiration of this
Agreement. 

6. Dispute Resolution. 

(a) Except as provided in Section 6(c) below the Employer and Executive acknowledge and agree that any dispute or controversy
arising out of, relating to, or in connection with this Agreement, or the interpretation, validity, construction, performance, breach, or termination thereof, shall be settled by binding arbitration unless otherwise required by law, to be held in
Charlottesville, Virginia, in accordance with the JAMS Employment Arbitration Rules & Procedures. The arbitrator may grant injunctions or other relief in such dispute or controversy. The decision of the arbitrator shall be final, conclusive
and binding on the parties to the arbitration. Judgment may be entered on the arbitrators decision in any court having jurisdiction. The party against whom the arbitrator(s) shall render an award shall pay the other partys reasonable
attorneys fees and other reasonable costs and expenses in connection with the enforcement of its rights under this Agreement (including the enforcement of any arbitration award in court), unless and to the extent the arbitrator(s) shall
determine that under the circumstances recovery by the prevailing party of all or a part of any such fees and costs and expenses would be unjust. 

(b) The arbitrator(s) shall apply Virginia law to the merits of any dispute or claim, without reference to rules of conflicts of law.
Executive hereby consents to the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in Virginia for any action or proceeding arising from or relating to this Agreement or relating to any arbitration in which the parties are participants.

(c) The parties may apply to any Virginia state court or federal district court of competent jurisdiction for a temporary
restraining order, preliminary injunction, or other interim or conservatory relief, as necessary, to the extent that such court would have jurisdiction over the subject matter of such action, without breach of this arbitration agreement and without
abridgment of the powers of the arbitrator. 

11 

(d) EXECUTIVE HEREBY CONFIRMS EXECUTIVE HAS READ AND UNDERSTANDS THIS SECTION 6, WHICH
DISCUSSES ARBITRATION, AND UNDERSTANDS THAT BY SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT, EXECUTIVE AGREES, EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN SECTION 6(c), TO SUBMIT ANY CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF, RELATING TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, OR THE INTERPRETATION, VALIDITY,
CONSTRUCTION, PERFORMANCE, BREACH OR TERMINATION THEREOF TO BINDING ARBITRATION, UNLESS OTHERWISE REQUIRED BY LAW, AND THAT THIS ARBITRATION CLAUSE CONSTITUTES A WAIVER OF EXECUTIVES RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL AND RELATES TO THE RESOLUTION OF ALL
DISPUTES RELATING TO ALL ASPECTS OF EXECUTIVES RELATIONSHIP WITH THE EMPLOYER AND ITS AFFILIATES. 

7. Non-disparagement. Executive will not at any time during or after the Employment Period make, publish or communicate to any Person or in any public forum any defamatory or disparaging remarks, comments or
statements concerning the Employer, its Affiliates, or their business, or any of their directors, employees, customers, and other associated third parties. This Section 7 does not, in any way, restrict or impede Executive from exercising
protected rights, including those described in Section 5(e), to the extent that such rights cannot be waived by agreement or from complying with any applicable law or regulation or a valid order of a court of competent jurisdiction or an
authorized government agency, provided that such compliance does not exceed that required by law, regulation or order. Executive shall promptly provide written notice of any such order to the Employer. 

8. Regulatory Provisions. 

(a) Suspension or Temporary Prohibition from Participation. If Executive is suspended and/or temporarily prohibited from
participating in the conduct of the affairs of the Employer by a notice served under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (the FDIA) or an order issued by any federal or state government agency, the obligations of the Employer under this
Agreement shall be suspended as of the date of service of such notice or the issuance date of such order. If the charges in the notice or order are dismissed, the Employer shall (i) pay Executive all or part of the compensation withheld while
its obligations under this Agreement were suspended, and (ii) reinstate (in whole or in part) any of its obligations which were suspended. 

(b) Removal or Permanent Prohibition from Participation. If Executive is removed and/or permanently prohibited from participating
in the conduct of the affairs of the Employer by a notice served under the FDIA or an order issued by any federal or state government agency, all obligations of the Employer under this Agreement shall terminate as of the date of service of such
notice or the issuance date of such order, but Executives vested rights under any employee benefit plans and programs of the Employer shall not be affected. 

(c) Default. If the Employer is in default as defined in the FDIA or any order issued by any federal or state government agency,
all obligations of the Employer under this Agreement shall terminate as of the date of default, but the operation of this Section 8(c) shall not affect any of Executives vested rights under any employee benefit plans and programs of the
Employer. 

12 

(d) Mitigation. The Employer will use its commercially reasonable efforts to
mitigate any adverse impact of Sections 8(a), 8(b) and 8(c) on Executive. 

(e) Payment Prohibition. If the Employer is
prohibited from making a payment provided for in this Agreement pursuant to the provisions of Part 359 of the regulations of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC), then the Employer shall be obligated to make such
payment, and Executive shall have no right to receive such payment. If the Employer is prohibited from making a payment provided for in this Agreement without the prior consent or approval of the FDIC, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency
or another appropriate federal banking agency, then the Employer shall be obligated to make such payment, and Executive shall have no right to receive such payment, unless such consent or approval is received. The Employer hereby agrees and
covenants to use its best efforts to obtain the required consent or approval as expeditiously as possible and agree to provide Executive with documentation of its efforts and status reports as requested. 

9. Miscellaneous. 

(a) Severability. If any clause or provision of this Agreement is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable under present or
future laws effective during the term hereof, then the remainder of this Agreement shall not be affected thereby, and in lieu of each clause or provision of this Agreement which is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, there shall be added, as part of
this Agreement, a clause or provision as similar in terms to such illegal, invalid or unenforceable clause or provision as may be possible and as may be legal, valid and enforceable. 

(b) Applicable Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of
Virginia, without regard to its conflicts of law principles. 

(c) Entire Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement constitutes
the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and no agreements or representations, oral or otherwise, express or implied, with respect to the subject matter hereof have been made by any party which are not
expressly set forth in this Agreement. The parties acknowledge and agree that this Agreement amends, restates and replaces the Employment Agreement, dated April 20, 2022, by and among the Company, the Bank and Executive. This Agreement may be
amended only by an agreement signed by the parties hereto. 

(d) Waiver. The rights and remedies of the parties to this
Agreement are cumulative and not alternative. Neither the failure nor any delay by either party in exercising, in whole or in part, any right, power or privilege under this Agreement will operate as a waiver of such right, power or privilege. 

13 

(e) Binding Effect; Survival. This Agreement is binding upon and shall inure to
the benefit of the parties and their respective successors, heirs and assigns, provided that no part of this Agreement is assignable by Executive. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement
the respective rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall survive such termination or expiration to the extent necessary to carry out the intentions of the parties set forth in this Agreement. 

(f) No Construction Against Any Party. This Agreement is the product of informed negotiations between the parties. If any part of
this Agreement is deemed to be unclear or ambiguous, it shall be construed as if it were drafted jointly by all parties. The parties agree neither party was in a superior bargaining position regarding the substantive terms of this Agreement. 

(g) Clawback. Any incentive-based compensation or award that Executive receives, or has received, from the Employer or its
Affiliates under this Agreement or otherwise, will be subject to clawback by the Employer as may be required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement and on such basis as the Board of Directors of the Company or of the Bank reasonably
determined in good faith, including pursuant to any incentive compensation clawback policy adopted by the Board of Directors of the Company or of the Bank. 

(h) Documents. All documents, records, tapes and other media of any kind or description relating to the business of the Employer
or its Affiliates (the Documents), whether or not prepared by Executive, shall be the sole and exclusive property of the Employer. The Documents and any copies thereof stored in any manner, together with any Employer issued equipment,
vehicles, keys, security devices, identification cards, computers, cell phones and other devices, that are in Executives possession or control shall be returned to the Employer immediately upon Executives termination of employment for
any reason or at such earlier time as the Board of Directors of the Company or its designees may specify. 

(i) Section 409A Compliance. This Agreement is intended to comply with Section 409A or an exemption
thereunder and shall be construed and administered in accordance with Section 409A. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, payments provided under this Agreement may only be made upon an event and in a manner that complies with
Section 409A or an applicable exemption. Any payments under this Agreement that may be excluded from Section 409A either as separation pay due to an involuntary separation from service or as a short-term deferral shall be excluded from
Section 409A to the maximum extent possible. For purposes of Section 409A, each installment payment provided under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment. Any payments to be made under this Agreement upon a termination of
employment shall only be made upon a separation from service under Section 409A to the extent required to avoid a violation of Section 409A. Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the Employer nor any Affiliate makes any
representation that the payments and benefits provided under this Agreement comply with Section 409A, and in no event shall the Employer or any Affiliate be liable for all or any portion of any taxes, penalties, interest or other expenses that
may be incurred by Executive on account of non-compliance with Section 409A. 

14 

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if any payment or benefit provided to
Executive in connection with Executives termination of employment is determined to constitute nonqualified deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A and Executive is determined to be a specified
employee as defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(b)(i), then such payment or benefit shall not be paid until the first payroll date to occur following the six-month anniversary of the date of termination
or if sooner the date of Executives death (the Specified Employee Payment Date). The aggregate of any payments that would otherwise have been paid before the Specified Employee Payment Date shall be paid to Executive (or
Executives beneficiary) in a lump sum on the Specified Employee Payment Date and thereafter, any remaining payments shall be paid without delay in accordance with their original schedule. 

Any payment under Section 4 of this Agreement that is determined to constitute nonqualified deferred compensation within the
meaning of Section 409A, and that is subject to the Release becoming effective, and that would otherwise be paid in the first 30 days after Executives termination date shall be paid, if at all, on such 30th day and any remaining payments shall be made in accordance with their original schedule. 

Payments with respect to reimbursements of expenses or in-kind benefits shall be paid or provided in
accordance with the Employers applicable policy or benefit plan, but in all events reimbursements shall be paid no later than the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the relevant expense is incurred. The amount
of expenses or benefits eligible for reimbursement, payment or provision during a calendar year shall not affect the expenses or benefits eligible for reimbursement or provision in any other calendar year. 

(j) Notices. Any notices and other communications provided for by this Agreement will be sufficient if in writing and delivered
in person or sent by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid (in which case notice will be deemed to have been given on the third day after mailing), or by overnight delivery by a reliable overnight courier service (in which case notice will
be deemed to have been given on the day after delivery to such courier service). Notices to the Employer shall be directed to the Corporate Secretary of the Company, with a copy directed to the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company.
Notices to Executive shall be directed to Executives last known address. Any party may designate another address in writing (or by such other method approved by the Employer) from time to time. 

(k) Acknowledgement of Full Understanding. EXECUTIVE ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES: (i) THAT EXECUTIVE HAS FULLY READ, UNDERSTANDS
AND IS VOLUNTARILY ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT; AND (ii) THAT, EXECUTIVE HAS HAD AN OPPORTUNITY TO ASK QUESTIONS AND CONSULT WITH AN ATTORNEY OF EXECUTIVES CHOICE BEFORE SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT. 

(l) Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but
all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. 

15 

(m) Tax Withholding. The Employer is authorized to withhold from all amounts
paid or provided under this Agreement applicable taxes required to be withheld thereon. 

[Signatures page follows] 

16 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Agreement on the day and year
first above written. 

BLUE RIDGE BANKSHARES, INC.

By: 

/s/ G. William Beale

G. William Beale

President and Chief Executive Officer

BLUE RIDGE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

By: 

/s/ G. William Beale

G. William Beale

Chief Executive Officer

/s/ Judy C. Gavant

Judy C. Gavant

17
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>brbs-20250123.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>brbs-20250123_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>brbs-20250123_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Document and Entity Information

Jan. 23, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0000842717

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Jan. 23, 2025

Entity Registrant Name BLUE RIDGE BANKSHARES, INC.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code VA

Entity File Number 001-39165

Entity Tax Identification Number 54-1838100

Entity Address, Address Line One 1801 Bayberry Court

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 101

Entity Address, City or Town Richmond

Entity Address, State or Province VA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 23226

City Area Code (888)

Local Phone Number 331-6521

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common stock, no par value

Trading Symbol BRBS

Security Exchange Name NYSEAMER

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.mybrb.bank//20250123/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

brbs-20250123.xsd 
brbs-20250123_lab.xml 
brbs-20250123_pre.xml 
d877980d8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-015718-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>d877980d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000842717 

2025-01-23 
2025-01-23 

false 
0000842717 
8-K 
2025-01-23 
BLUE RIDGE BANKSHARES, INC. 
VA 
001-39165 
54-1838100 
1801 Bayberry Court 
Suite 101 
Richmond 
VA 
23226 
(888) 
331-6521 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, no par value 
BRBS 
NYSEAMER 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>