<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-002824.txt : 20250117
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-002824.hdr.sgml : 20250117
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250117171514
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-002824
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		27
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250117
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250117
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250117

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Twin Hospitality Group Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002011954
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-EATING PLACES [5812]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				991232362
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42395
		FILM NUMBER:		25539584

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5151 BELT LINE ROAD, SUITE 1200
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75254
		BUSINESS PHONE:		972-941-3150

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5151 BELT LINE ROAD, SUITE 1200
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75254
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000201195400020119542025-01-172025-01-17iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 OR 15(D) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 17, 2025

Twin
Hospitality Group Inc.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-42395 99-1232362

(State
or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) (IRS
Employer 

Identification No.)

5151
Belt Line Road, Suite 1200

Dallas,
Texas 75254

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (972)941-3150

Not
Applicable

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant
to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the
Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b)
under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c)
under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) 

Name
of each exchange

on
which registered

Class A Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share TWNP The Nasdaq Stock Market
LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 7.01.
Regulation FD Disclosure.

Twin
Hospitality Group Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), previously filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
(the SEC) a registration statement on Form 10-12B, initially filed on November 1, 2024 (as amended, the Registration
Statement), relating to the separation (the Spin-Off) of the Company from
FAT Brands Inc. (FAT Brands), to be effected by FAT Brands planned
distribution of approximately 5% of the fully-diluted shares of Class A Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (Class A Common
Stock), of the Company to holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock of FAT Brands (the FAT Brands Common
Stockholders) as a pro rata dividend in the Spin-Off (the Distribution).

On
January 17, 2025, the Registration Statement was declared effective by the SEC. The Registration Statement includes a preliminary
information statement that describes the Spin-Off and provides important information regarding the Companys business and management.
The final information statement, dated January 17, 2025 (the Information Statement), is attached hereto as Exhibit
99.1.

As
further described in the Information Statement, the Spin-Off is expected to be effective as of 4:30 p.m., New York City time, on January
29, 2025 (the Distribution Date). The FAT Brands Common Stockholders will be entitled to receive 0.1520207 share
of the Companys Class A Common Stock for each share of Class A common stock or Class B common stock of FAT Brands held at the
close of business on January 27, 2025 (the Record Date). The Distribution
is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions described in the Information Statement.

Although
the Company expects that a limited market, commonly known as a when-issued trading market, will develop approximately
one trading day prior to the Distribution Date, the Companys Class A Common Stock is expected to begin trading regular
way on the Nasdaq Global Market under the ticker symbol TWNP on January 30, 2025, the first trading day after
the Distribution Date.

The
information furnished pursuant to this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section
18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities under
that Section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.

Item 9.01.Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit
No. Description

99.1 Information Statement of Twin Hospitality Group Inc., dated January 17, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the
Inline XBRL document).

Forward
Looking Statements

This
Current Report on Form 8-K contains forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements might be identified by words, and variations
of words, such as will, expect, may, would, could, plan,
believe, anticipate, intend, estimate, potential, target,
and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the Companys
control. Factors that could cause the Companys actual results to differ materially from those described in the Companys
forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, FAT Brands success in executing and completing the Spin-Off and the
Companys compliance with the various legal, regulatory, tax, and other laws to which the Company is subject. Please also see the
section entitled Risk Factors in the Information Statement, and in any future filings the Company may make with the SEC.
There may be other factors not presently known to the Company or which it currently considers to be immaterial that could cause the Companys
actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements the Company makes. The Company does not undertake
any obligation to update or revise its forward-looking statements, except as required by applicable law or regulation.

SIGNATURE

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated:
January 17, 2025 Twin Hospitality
Group Inc.

By: /s/
Kenneth J. Kuick

Name: Kenneth J. Kuick

Title: Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.1

Information
Statement

Twin
Hospitality Group Inc.

Class
A Common Stock

(par
value $0.0001 per share)

This
Information Statement is being furnished to you as a holder (which we refer to as a FAT Brands Common Stockholder) of Class
A Common Stock (which we refer to as FAT Brands Class A Common Stock), or Class B Common Stock (which we refer to as FAT
Brands Class B Common Stock), as the case may be, of FAT Brands Inc. (which we refer to as FAT Brands) in connection
with the planned distribution (which we refer to as the Spin-Off) by FAT Brands to the FAT Brands Common Stockholders of
approximately 5% of the fully-diluted shares of Class A Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (which we refer to as
our Class A Common Stock) of Twin Hospitality Group Inc. (which we refer to as our Company), which shares
are held by FAT Brands immediately prior to the Spin-Off. As of immediately prior to the time of the Spin-Off, FAT Brands will hold
47,298,271 shares of our Class A Common Stock, which is 100% of the outstanding shares of our Class A Common Stock.

At
the time of the Spin-Off, FAT Brands will distribute on a pro rata basis to the FAT Brands Common Stockholders approximately 5% of the
fully-diluted shares of our Class A Common Stock. Each one share of FAT Brands Class A Common Stock and each one share of FAT Brands
Class B Common Stock, as the case may be, outstanding as of the close of business on January 27, 2025, the record
date for the Spin-Off (which we refer to as the Record Date), will entitle the holder thereof to receive 0.1520207 share
of our Class A Common Stock. The distribution of shares of our Class A Common Stock pursuant to the Spin-Off will be made in book-entry
form by a distribution agent (which we refer to as the Distribution Agent). Fractional shares of our Class A Common Stock
will not be distributed in the Spin-Off.

The
Spin-Off will be effective as of 4:30 p.m., New York City time, on January 29, 2025.

The
FAT Brands Common Stockholders are not required to vote on or take any other action in connection with the Spin-Off. We are not asking
you for a proxy, and we request that you do not send us a proxy. The FAT Brands Common Stockholders will not be required to pay any consideration
for the shares of our Class A Common Stock that they receive in the Spin-Off, and they will not be required to surrender or exchange
their shares of FAT Brands Class A Common Stock or FAT Brands Class B Common Stock, as the case may be, or take any other action in connection
with the Spin-Off.

Prior
to the Spin Off, there has been no public market for our Class A Common Stock. Our Class A Common Stock has been approved for
listing on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol TWNP.

Immediately
following the Spin-Off, we will be an independent publicly traded reporting company. We will also be deemed to be an emerging
growth company and a smaller reporting company under applicable U.S. federal securities laws, and, as such, we have
elected to comply with certain reduced public company reporting requirements for this Information Statement and future filings we will
make with the Securities and Exchange Commission. See Summary of our Company and our BusinessImplications of Being an
Emerging Growth Company and a Smaller Reporting Company.

We
have two classes of authorized common stock: Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (which we
refer to as our Class B Common Stock, and together with our Class A Common Stock, our Common Stock). The
rights of the holders of our Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock are identical, except with respect to voting, transfer,
and conversion rights. Each share of our Class A Common Stock is entitled to one vote. Each share of our Class B Common Stock is
entitled to 50 votes, and, subject to certain conditions, is convertible into one share of our Class A Common Stock at the
option of the holder. See Description of Capital StockCommon Stock. Immediately following the completion
of the Spin-Off, FAT Brands Inc. (which we refer to as FAT Brands) will beneficially own (i) an expected
44,571,771 shares of our issued and outstanding Class A Common Stock, and (ii) all of the 2,870,000 issued and
outstanding shares of our Class B Common Stock, which in aggregate represent approximately 98.6% of the total voting power of
the outstanding shares of our Common Stock. As a result, we expect to be a controlled company, as defined under the
corporate governance rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (which we refer to as Nasdaq). As a controlled
company, we are permitted to elect not to comply with certain corporate governance rules of Nasdaq, however, we do not
currently intend to rely on any of the controlled company exemptions following the completion of the Spin-Off. See
ManagementControlled Company Exemptions. Additionally, as long as FAT Brands continues to control more
than 50% of the total voting power of our Common Stock, FAT Brands will be able to control the outcome of any action requiring the
general approval of our stockholders, including the election of our directors and the approval of significant corporate
transactions. See Summary of our Company and our BusinessOur Relationship with FAT BrandsFAT Brands will be
our Controlling Stockholder and Description of Capital StockCommon StockVoting
Rights.

In
reviewing this Information Statement, you should carefully read and consider the matters and material risks relating to our Company and
our Class A Common Stock described under the section entitled Risk Factors beginning on page 39 of this Information
Statement.

Neither
the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined
if this Information Statement is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.

This
Information Statement is not an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy, any securities.

The
date of this Information Statement is January 17, 2025

TABLE
OF CONTENTS

Page

ABOUT
THIS INFORMATION STATEMENT ii

QUESTIONS
AND ANSWERS REGARDING THE SPIN-OFF 1

SUMMARY
OF THE SPIN-OFF 5

SUMMARY
OF OUR COMPANY AND OUR BUSINESS 9

SUMMARY
HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED AND PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL INFORMATION AND OTHER DATA 32

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 37

RISK
FACTORS 39

USE
OF PROCEEDS 80

DIVIDEND
POLICY 81

REORGANIZATION 82

THE
SPIN-OFF 85

MATERIAL
U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE SPIN-OFF 90

CAPITALIZATION 95

Unaudited
Pro Forma Condensed combined Financial Information 96

MANAGEMENTS
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 102

BUSINESS 121

MANAGEMENT 150

EXECUTIVE
AND DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 159

SECURITY
OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 169

CERTAIN
RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 171

DESCRIPTION
OF CERTAIN INDEBTEDNESS 177

DESCRIPTION
OF CAPITAL STOCK 179

SHARES
ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE 188

CHANGE
IN ACCOUNTANTS 190

WHERE
YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION 191

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS F-1

i

ABOUT
THIS INFORMATION STATEMENT

As
used in this Information Statement, unless the context otherwise requires or otherwise states, references to our Company,
we, us, our, and similar references refer to (i) with respect to our historical business, operations,
financial performance, and financial condition prior to the Reorganization (as defined herein), including with respect to our consolidated
financial statements, Twin Hospitality I, LLC (formerly known as FAT
Brands Twin Peaks I, LLC), a Delaware limited liability company, and its consolidated subsidiaries (which we refer to collectively
as the Twin Group), which include, after its acquisition by FAT Brands on September 25, 2023, Barbeque Integrated, Inc.,
which is the entity that owns Smokey Bones Bar & Fire Grill (which we refer to as Smokey Bones), and (ii) upon completion
of the Reorganization, Twin Hospitality Group Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries, which will include the
Twin Group.

We
have two classes of authorized common stock: our Class A Common Stock and our Class B Common Stock. In this Information Statement, we
refer to our Class A Common Stock and our Class B Common Stock, collectively, as our Common Stock.

You
should rely only on the information contained in this Information Statement. We have not authorized anyone to provide you with information
that is different from the information in this Information Statement, and we do not take any responsibility for, or provide any
assurance as to the reliability of, any information, other than the information in this Information Statement. The information in this
Information Statement is accurate only as of the date on the cover, regardless of the time of delivery of this Information Statement
or the time of the distribution of our Class A Common Stock in the Spin-Off.

For
FAT Brands Common Stockholders outside the United States: We have not done anything that would permit the Spin-Off, or the possession
or distribution of this Information Statement, in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required, other than in the United
States. Persons outside the United States who come into possession of this Information Statement must inform themselves about, and observe
any restrictions relating to, the Spin-Off and the distribution of this Information Statement outside the United States.

In
reviewing this Information Statement, you should also read the Registration Statement on Form 10 (including the exhibits thereto and
the documents incorporated by reference therein), of which this Information Statement is a part.

Basis
of Presentation

In
connection with the Spin-Off, we will effect certain reorganizational transactions. Unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise
requires, all information in this Information Statement reflects the consummation of the Reorganization and the Spin-Off. See the section
entitled Reorganization for a description of the Reorganization, including a diagram depicting our organizational
structure after giving effect to the Reorganization and the Spin-Off.

Presentation
of Financial Information

The
consolidated financial statements of the Twin Group included in this Information Statement (which we refer to as our consolidated
financial statements) were prepared in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (which we refer to as GAAP),
and the audited consolidated financial statements of the Twin Group included in this Information Statement were audited in accordance
with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States established by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (which we
refer to as the PCAOB).

We
operate on a 52-week fiscal calendar and our fiscal year ends on the last Sunday of such calendar year. Therefore, any references to
2023 and 2022 are references to the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022, respectively. Consistent with industry
practice, we measure our restaurants performance in seven calendar day increments. In utilizing a 52-week fiscal calendar, we
are able to ensure consistent weekly reporting of our operations, and in utilizing a seven calendar day incremental review, we ensure
that each review period has the same number of days, as certain days of the week tend to be more profitable than others. As a result
of this 52-week fiscal calendar, a 53rd week must be added to our fiscal year every five or six years. In a 52-week year,
all four quarters are comprised of 13 weeks. In a 53-week year, one extra week is added to the fourth quarter. Our fiscal year ended
December 31, 2023 consisted of 53 weeks, and our fiscal year ended December 25, 2022 consisted of 52 weeks.

ii

On
September 25, 2023, FAT Brands acquired Barbeque Integrated, Inc. (which is the entity that owns Smokey Bones), and, on March 21, 2024,
FAT Brands contributed to us, and we acquired, the assets and liabilities of Barbeque Integrated, Inc., including Smokey Bones. Pursuant
to the business combinations under common control guidance in Accounting Standards Codification 805-50, Business CombinationsRelated
Issues, we retroactively assumed the contribution of Barbeque Integrated, Inc. and consolidated its assets, liabilities and
operating results as of September 25, 2023.

Certain
monetary amounts, percentages, and other figures included in this Information Statement have been subject to rounding adjustments. Percentage
amounts included in this Information Statement have not in all cases been calculated on the basis of such rounded figures, but on the
basis of such amounts prior to rounding. For this reason, percentage amounts in this Information Statement may vary from those obtained
by performing the same calculations using the figures in our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Information
Statement. Additionally, certain other amounts that appear in this Information Statement may not sum due to rounding.

Presentation
of Certain Key Performance Indicators and Non-GAAP Financial Metrics

Certain
key performance indicators and other non-GAAP financial metrics presented in this Information Statement are used by our management to
make decisions, establish our business plans and forecasts, identify trends affecting our business, and evaluate our overall performance,
and are typically used by our competitors in the restaurant industry, but are not recognized under GAAP. We define such key performance
indicators and other non-GAAP financial metrics as follows:

Key
Performance Indicators

Average
unit volume (AUV). AUV of Twin Peaks or AUV of Smokey Bones, as the case may be, consists of the average annual
sales of all restaurants of such brand that have been open for a trailing 52-week period or longer. This measure is calculated by
dividing restaurant revenue during the applicable trailing 52-week period for all restaurants being measured by the number of restaurants
being measured. AUV includes both company-owned restaurants and franchised restaurants of such brand. AUV allows our management to
assess the financial performance of our company-owned restaurants and franchised restaurants of such brand.

Comparable
Restaurant Sales. Comparable Restaurant Sales represent year-over-year sales comparisons for the comparable restaurant base,
which we define as restaurants open for at least 18 full months. This measure highlights the performance of our existing restaurants,
as the impact of new restaurant openings is excluded.

Various
factors impact Comparable Restaurant Sales, including overall economic trends, particularly those related to consumer spending, consumer
recognition of our brands, our ability and our franchisees ability to operate restaurants effectively and efficiently to meet
changing consumer preferences and expectations, introduction of new and seasonal menu items and limited time offerings, marketing
and promotional efforts, pricing, customer traffic, local competition, trade area dynamics, opening new restaurants in the vicinity
of existing locations, and abnormal weather patterns.

iii

Number
of System-Wide Restaurants. Our management reviews the number of new restaurants (including both new
company-owned restaurants and franchised restaurants), the number of restaurants
closed and the number of acquisitions and divestitures of restaurants to assess net new restaurant growth, System-Wide Sales, royalty
and franchise fee revenue and company-owned restaurant sales. In particular, the number of
new restaurants reflects the number of restaurants that have commenced operations during a particular period. Before we open new
restaurants, we typically incur pre-opening development and construction costs. New restaurants may not be profitable, and their
sales performance may not follow historical patterns.

The
number and timing of restaurant openings has had, and is expected to continue to have, an impact on our results of operations. Costs
and timing of new restaurant construction were adversely affected in 2022 and 2023 due to elevated inflation, uneven equipment delivery,
unpredictability of the timing of obtaining permits, and supply chain interruptions.

System-Wide
Sales. System-Wide Sales consist of the restaurant sales of our company-owned restaurants and franchised restaurants (as
reported by our franchisees). While we do not record sales from our franchised restaurants as revenue, our royalty revenue is calculated
based on a percentage of gross sales from our franchised restaurants, which generally is 5.0% of gross sales, net of discounts. Our
measure of System-Wide Sales allows our management to better assess changes in our royalty revenue, our overall performance, the
health of our brands, and the strength of our market position relative to our competitors.

These
and other key performance indicators are discussed in more detail in the section entitled Managements Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of OperationsKey Performance Indicators.

Non-GAAP
Financial Metrics

Adjusted
EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin. Adjusted EBITDA represents net income (loss) adjusted to exclude interest expense, income
tax provision (benefit), and depreciation and amortization, and further adjusted to exclude equity-based compensation. Adjusted EBITDA
Margin is Adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of total revenues. We use Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin, as supplements to
GAAP measures of performance, to evaluate the effectiveness of our business strategies, make budgeting decisions, and compare our
performance against that of other peer companies that use similar metrics. See the section entitled Managements
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of OperationsNon-GAAP Financial MetricsAdjusted EBITDA and
Adjusted EBITDA Margin for a further discussion of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin, including our managements
use of such metrics and the limitations of such metrics as analytical tools, and for a reconciliation of net
income (loss) and net income (loss) margin, the most directly comparable financial measures under GAAP, to Adjusted
EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin, respectively.

Restaurant-Level
Contribution and Restaurant-Level Contribution Margin. Restaurant-Level Contribution represents company-owned restaurant
sales less restaurant operating costs, which consist of food and beverage costs, labor and benefits costs and other operating costs.
Restaurant-Level Contribution Margin represents Restaurant-Level Contribution as a percentage of company-owned restaurant sales.
We use Restaurant-Level Contribution and Restaurant-Level Contribution Margin, as supplements to GAAP measures, to evaluate the profitability
of sales at our company-owned restaurants, compare the performance of our company-owned restaurants across periods, and compare the
financial performance of our company-owned restaurants against that of other peer companies that use similar metrics. These non-GAAP
financial metrics are not intended to be measures of free cash flow available for our managements discretionary use, as these
metrics do not consider certain cash requirements such as interest payments, tax payments, and debt service requirements. Additionally,
these non-GAAP financial metrics exclude general and administrative expenses, pre-opening expenses and depreciation and amortization
on restaurant property and equipment, which are essential to support the operations and development of our company-owned restaurants.
See the section entitled Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of OperationsNon-GAAP
Financial MetricsRestaurant-Level Contribution and Restaurant-Level Contribution Margin for a further discussion
of Restaurant-Level Contribution and Restaurant-Level Contribution Margin, and for a reconciliation of income
from operations, the most directly comparable financial measure under GAAP, to Restaurant-Level Contribution.

Cash-on-cash
return. Cash-on-cash return for a restaurant is calculated by dividing Restaurant-Level
Contribution by our net initial investment after deducting any tenant allowances and sale
leaseback proceeds. We use cash-on-cash return, as a supplement to GAAP measures, to evaluate
the return on cash invested in a restaurant and compare the financial performance of our
company-owned restaurants against that of other peer companies that use a similar unit-level
economic metric. See the section entitled Managements Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of OperationsNon-GAAP Financial MetricsCash-on-Cash
Return for a further discussion of cash-on-cash return.

iv

These
non-GAAP financial metrics have important limitations as analytical tools, and should not be considered in isolation or as substitutes
for analysis of our results of operations as reported under GAAP, as these non-GAAP financial metrics may not provide a complete understanding
of our performance. These non-GAAP financial metrics should be reviewed in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements prepared
in accordance with GAAP.

Market
and Industry Data

Unless
otherwise indicated, information contained in this Information Statement concerning our industry, competitive position, and/or the markets
in which we operate is based on information from independent industry or research organizations, other third-party sources, or management
estimates. Our management estimates are derived from publicly available information released by independent industry analysts or other
third-party sources, as well as data from our internal research, and are based on assumptions made by us upon reviewing such data, and
our experience in, and knowledge of, our industry and markets, which we believe to be reasonable. Our management has developed its knowledge
of our industry and markets through its experience and participation in such industry and markets. This information involves a number
of assumptions and limitations, and you are cautioned not to give undue weight to these estimates.

While
we believe the third-party sources referred to in this Information Statement are reliable, neither we nor our management have independently
verified any of the data from such sources referred to in this Information Statement or ascertained the underlying economic assumptions
relied upon by such sources, and therefore cannot assure you of the accuracy or completeness of such data. Internally prepared and third-party
market forecasts, in particular, are estimates only and may be inaccurate, especially over long periods of time. Furthermore, references
in this Information Statement to any publications, reports, surveys or articles prepared by third parties should not be construed as
depicting the complete findings of the entire publication, report, survey or article. The information in any such publication, report,
survey or article is not incorporated by reference in this Information Statement. Additionally, projections, assumptions and estimates
of the future performance of the industry in which we operate, as well as our future performance, are necessarily subject to uncertainties
and risks due to a variety of factors, including those described in the sections entitled Risk Factors and Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and elsewhere in this Information Statement. These and other factors could cause
results to differ materially from those expressed in the estimates made by such independent third-party sources or by our management.

In
this Information Statement, we refer to market data from Black Box Intelligence (which we refer to as Black Box),
a leading data provider of guest and consumer insights and benchmarks for various industries, including the restaurant industry. Black
Box tracks and analyzes guest sentiment by collecting insights from restaurant reviews on social media and rating sites and using algorithms
to monitor trends and common themes. Black Box analyzes its collected data, converts it into quantitative numerical metrics, and provides
us with consumer sentiment scores in following categories used in the restaurant industry: food, beverage, service, ambiance, and consumer
intent to return.

Trademarks

We
own or have the rights to use various trademarks, trade names and service marks, including Twin Peaks, Smokey Bones,
and various logos used in association with our Company name and our brands. Solely for convenience, any trademarks, trade names, service
marks or copyrights referred to or used herein are listed without the applicable , or symbol, but such references
or uses are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we, or the applicable owner, will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable
law, our or their, as applicable, rights to these trademarks, trade names, service marks and copyrights. Other trademarks, trade names,
service marks or copyrights of any other company appearing in this Information Statement are, to our knowledge, the property of their
respective owners.

v

QUESTIONS
AND ANSWERS REGARDING THE SPIN-OFF

The
following questions and answers briefly address some commonly asked questions about the Spin-Off. They may not include all the information
that is important to you. We encourage you to carefully read this entire Information Statement and the other documents to which we have
referred you. For a more detailed description of the Spin-Off, see The Spin-Off.

Q: What
is the Spin-Off?

A: The
Spin-Off is the method by which our Company will separate from FAT Brands. In the Spin-Off,
FAT Brands will distribute on a pro rata basis to the FAT Brands Common Stockholders approximately
5% of the fully-diluted shares of our Class A Common Stock, with FAT Brands
retaining the remaining outstanding shares of our Class A Common Stock and 100% of
the outstanding shares of our Class B Common Stock. At the time of the Spin-Off, the Reorganization
will have been completed and the Twin Group will be part of our consolidated Company. Following
the Spin-Off, we will be an independent publicly traded reporting company.

Q: What
are the reasons for the Spin-Off?

A: The
board of directors of FAT Brands (which we refer to as the FAT Brands Board of Directors)
considered the following potential benefits in deciding to pursue the Spin-Off:

Establishing
our Company as a company separate from FAT Brands will provide us with a greater ability
to focus on and grow our business. The Spin-Off will establish our Company as an independent
publicly traded reporting company, which we believe will meaningfully enhance our industry
market perception, thereby providing greater growth opportunities for us than as a consolidated
division of FAT Brands. Additionally, by separating the businesses, we will have the flexibility
to implement strategic initiatives aligned with our business plan and to prioritize investment
spending and capital allocation in a manner that will lead to growth and increased operational
efficiencies of our Company that otherwise may not occur as part of a larger, more diversified
enterprise like FAT Brands.

Our
Company will benefit from having an experienced and dedicated management team focused on
enhancing our business, executing our growth strategy, and finding value-creating opportunities,
without any ongoing costs burden from FAT Brands.

The
Spin-Off will provide investors with the opportunity to invest in two separate companies
and business lines with different business strategies and target customers, and will enable
investors to separately value our Company and FAT Brands based on our Companys and
FAT Brands respective unique investment identities, including the merits, performance
and future prospects of our Companys and FAT Brands respective businesses.

The
separation of our Company from FAT Brands will facilitate the tailoring of incentive compensation
arrangements for the respective management and employees of each company that are more directly
tied to the performance of each respective companys business, which we believe will
enhance employee hiring and retention by, among other things, improving the alignment of
management and employee incentives with the performance and growth objectives of each respective
company.

The
FAT Brands Board of Directors also considered a number of potentially negative factors in evaluating the Spin-Off, such as risks relating
to potentially not being able to achieve the anticipated benefits of the Spin-Off, but concluded that the potential benefits of the Spin-Off
outweighed these factors. For more information, see the sections entitled Risk Factors and The Spin-OffReasons
for the Spin-Off.

1

Q: What
will you receive in the Spin-Off?

A: As
a FAT Brands Common Stockholder, you will receive a distribution in the form of shares of
our Class A Common Stock that correlates to the number of shares of FAT Brands Class A Common
Stock or FAT Brands Class B Common Stock, as the case may be, that you hold on the Record
Date. The Distribution Agent will distribute only whole shares of our Class A Common Stock
in the Spin-Off. For more information on the treatment of the fractional shares in the Spin-Off,
see Q: How will fractional shares be treated in the Spin-Off?
below and the section entitled The Spin-OffThe Distribution by FAT Brands
to the FAT Brands Common Stockholders of Shares of our Class A Common Stock in the Spin-OffTreatment
of Fractional Shares.

Q: How will fractional shares be treated
in the Spin-Off?

A: The Distribution Agent will not distribute
any fractional shares of our Class A Common Stock in connection with the Spin-Off. Instead, the Distribution Agent will aggregate
all fractional shares into whole shares and sell the whole shares in the open market at prevailing market prices on behalf of FAT
Brands Common Stockholders entitled to receive a fractional share. The Distribution Agent will then distribute the aggregate
cash proceeds of such sales, net of brokerage fees, transfer taxes and other costs, pro rata to such FAT Brands Common Stockholders
(net of any required withholding for taxes applicable to each such stockholder). The Distribution Agent will, in its sole discretion,
without any influence by FAT Brands or us, determine when, how, through which broker-dealer, and at what price to sell the whole
shares of our Class A Common Stock. The Distribution Agent is not, and any broker-dealer used by the Distribution Agent will
not be, an affiliate of either FAT Brands or our Company. See The Spin-OffThe Distribution by FAT Brands
to the FAT Brands Common Stockholders of Shares of our Class A Common Stock in the Spin-OffTreatment of Fractional Shares
for a more detailed explanation of the treatment of fractional shares.

Q: What
is the Record Date for the Spin-Off?

A: FAT
Brands has designated the close of business on January 27, 2025, as the
Record Date for the Spin-Off. FAT Brands may elect to change the Record Date based on the
timing of the Spin-Off.

Q: When
will the distribution to the FAT Brands Common Stockholders of shares of our Class A Common
Stock in the Spin-Off occur?

A: The
Spin-Off will be effective as of 4:30 p.m., New York City time, on January 29,
2025 (which we refer to as the Distribution Date). Our Class A Common Stock
will commence trading on the Nasdaq Global Market on the following trading day.

Q: How
will FAT Brands distribute shares of our Class A Common Stock in the Spin-Off?

A: Registered
FAT Brands Common Stockholders: If you are a registered stockholder (meaning your holdings
of shares of FAT Brands Class A Common Stock or FAT Brands Class B Common Stock, as the case
may be, are registered directly on FAT Brands stock ledger maintained by its transfer
agent and registrar (VStock Transfer, LLC), the Distribution Agent will credit the whole
shares of our Class A Common Stock that you receive in the Spin-Off to a new book-entry account
with our transfer agent and registrar on the Distribution Date. Following the Distribution
Date, the Distribution Agent will mail to you a book-entry account statement that reflects
the number of shares of our Class A Common Stock that you hold, and you will also be able
to access information regarding your new book-entry account with our transfer agent and registrar.

Street
name or beneficial FAT Brands Common Stockholders: If you hold your shares of FAT Brands Class A Common Stock or FAT Brands
Class B Common Stock, as the case may be, through a bank, broker or other nominee, the Distribution Agent will release the distributed
shares of our Class A Common Stock to the Depository Trust Company (which we refer to as DTC) for further distribution
to the DTC participants, and your bank, broker or other nominee will credit your account with the whole shares of our Class A Common
Stock that you receive in the Spin-Off on the Distribution Date. Please contact your bank, broker or other nominee for further information
about your account.

No
physical stock certificates will be issued to any stockholders, even if requested. See The Spin-OffThe Distribution
by FAT Brands to the FAT Brands Common Stockholders of Shares of our Class A Common Stock in the Spin-Off.

Q: Who
is the transfer agent and registrar for our Class A Common Stock, and who is the Distribution
Agent?

A: VStock
Transfer, LLC is the transfer agent and registrar for our Class A Common Stock, and will
also serve as the Distribution Agent for the Spin-Off.

2

Q: What
do you have to do to participate in the Spin-Off?

A: You
are not required to take any action, but we urge you to read this Information Statement carefully.
FAT Brands Common Stockholders as of the Record Date will not need to pay any cash or deliver
any other consideration, including any shares of FAT Brands Class A Common Stock or FAT Brands
Class B Common Stock, in order to receive shares of our Class A Common Stock in the Spin-Off.
No stockholder approval of the Spin-Off is required. We are not asking you for a vote, and
we request that you do not send us a proxy card.

Q: What
are the U.S. federal income tax consequences to FAT Brands Stockholders who are U.S. taxpayers
as a result of the distribution of shares of our Class A Common Stock in the Spin-Off?

A: The
Spin-Off will be a taxable distribution for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Accordingly,
each FAT Brands Common Stockholder that is a U.S. holder (as defined in Material
U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Spin-Off) would generally be treated
as receiving a taxable distribution equal to the fair market value of our Class A Common
Stock (determined at the time of the Spin-Off). Such distribution would be treated as a taxable
dividend to the extent of such FAT Brands Common Stockholders ratable share of FAT
Brands current or accumulated earnings and profits (as determined for U.S. federal
income tax purposes). To the extent the value of the distribution exceeds the amount of such
earnings and profits, such excess will be treated first, as reducing such FAT Brands Common
Stockholders adjusted basis in each share of its FAT Brands Class A Common Stock or
FAT Brands Class B Common Stock, as the case may be, in respect of which such distribution
was made, and second, to the extent it exceeds such adjusted basis, as capital gain from
the sale or exchange of such share of FAT Brands Class A Common Stock or FAT Brands Class
B Common Stock, as the case may. For more information regarding the potential U.S. federal
income tax consequences to you as a result of the distribution of shares of our Class A Common
Stock in the Spin-Off, see the section entitled Material U.S. Federal Income Tax
Consequences of the Spin-Off.

Q: If
you sell your shares of FAT Brands Class A Common Stock or FAT Brands Class B Common Stock
on or before the Distribution Date, will you still be entitled to receive shares of our Class
A Common Stock in the Spin-Off?

A: If
you hold shares of FAT Brands Class A Common Stock or FAT Brands Class B Common Stock on
the Record Date and decide to sell them on or before the Distribution Date, you may be able
to choose to either (i) sell your shares of FAT Brands Class A Common Stock or FAT Brands
Class B Common Stock, as the case maybe, together with your entitlement to receive the Spin-Off
distribution in the form of shares of our Class A Common Stock, or (ii) sell your shares
of FAT Brands Class A Common Stock or FAT Brands Class B Common Stock, as the case may be,
and keep for yourself your entitlement to receive the Spin-Off distribution in the form of
shares of our Class A Common Stock. You should discuss these alternatives with any financial
and tax advisors. See also The Spin-OffTrading Prior to the Distribution
Date.

Q: Are
there any restrictions on the resale of the shares of our Class A Common Stock that you will
receive in the Spin-Off?

A: The
shares of our Class A Common Stock that will be distributed by FAT Brands to the FAT Brands
Common Stockholders in the Spin-Off will be freely transferable, except for shares received
by FAT Brands Common Stockholders who are also affiliates of our Company. See The
Spin-OffResale of our Class A Common Stock Following the Spin-Off for more
information.

Q: How
will our Class A Common Stock trade?

A: Currently,
there is no public market for our Class A Common Stock. Our Class A Common Stock has
been approved for listing on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol TWNP.

Q: Do
I have appraisal rights in connection with the Spin-Off?

A: No.
FAT Brands Common Stockholders do not have any appraisal rights in connection with the Spin-Off.

3

Q: Are
there risks associated with owning shares of our Class A Common Stock?

A: Yes.
Our Company and our business face both general and specific risks and uncertainties. Our
business also faces risks relating to the Spin-Off. Following the Spin-Off, we will also
face risks associated with being an independent publicly traded reporting company. Accordingly,
you should read carefully the information in the section entitled Risk Factors.

Q: Are
there any conditions to completing the Spin-Off?

A: Yes.
The Spin-Off is conditioned upon a number of matters, including, but not limited to, (i)
the authorization and approval of the FAT Brands Board of Directors, (ii) the approval of
Nasdaq of the listing of our Class A Common Stock on the Nasdaq Global Market, (iii)
the declaration of effectiveness of our Registration Statement on Form 10, of which this
Information Statement is a part, by the Securities and Exchange Commission (which we refer
to as the SEC), and (iv) the completion of the Reorganization. For more detailed
information regarding the conditions to the Spin-Off, see the section entitled The
Spin-OffConditions to the Spin-Off.

Q: Will
the number of shares of FAT Brands Class A Common Stock or FAT Brands Class B Common Stock
you hold change as a result of the Spin-Off?

A: No.
The number of shares of FAT Brands Class A Common Stock or FAT Brands Class B Common Stock
you hold, and your proportionate ownership interest in FAT Brands, will not change as a result
of the Spin-Off.

Q: Will
the Spin-Off affect the listing or trading of FAT Brands Class A Common Stock or FAT Brands Class B Common Stock on the Nasdaq Capital
Market?

A: No. FAT
Brands Class A Common Stock will continue to be listed for trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol FAT,
and FAT Brands Class B Common Stock will continue to be listed for trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol FATBB.

Q: Will
the Spin-Off affect the trading price of FAT Brands Class A Common Stock or FAT Brands Class
B Common Stock?

A: The
respective trading prices of FAT Brands Class A Common Stock and FAT Brands Class B Common
Stock immediately following the Spin-Off may be lower than immediately prior to the Spin-Off,
since the trading prices will no longer reflect the value of our Company, our subsidiaries,
and our business. Additionally, until the market has fully analyzed the value of FAT Brands
without our Company, our subsidiaries and our business, the respective trading prices of
FAT Brands Class A Common Stock and FAT Brands Class B Common Stock may fluctuate. It is
possible that after the Spin-Off, the combined equity value of FAT Brands and our Company
will be less than the equity value of FAT Brands immediately prior to the Spin-Off.

Q: Where
can I get more information?

A: If
you have any questions relating to the Spin-Off, you should contact:

Investor
Relations:

ICR

Michelle
Michalski

ir-fatbrands@icrinc.com

646-277-1224

4

SUMMARY
OF THE SPIN-OFF

Distributing
Company 

FAT
Brands Inc.

Immediately
prior to the Spin-Off, FAT Brands holds all of the issued and outstanding shares of our Class A Common Stock.

Distributed
Company 

Twin
Hospitality Group Inc.

Immediately
prior to the Spin-Off, we are a wholly-owned subsidiary of FAT Brands, and the Twin Group will be part of our consolidated Company.
After the Spin-Off, we will be an independent publicly traded reporting company.

Shares
of Class A Common Stock to be distributed by FAT Brands to the FAT Brands Common Stockholders in the Spin-Off 

In
the Spin-Off, FAT Brands will distribute on a pro rata basis to the FAT Brands Common Stockholders
approximately 5% of the fully-diluted shares of our Class A Common Stock.
As of immediately prior to the time of the Spin-Off, FAT Brands will hold 47,298,271 shares
of our Class A Common Stock, which is 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of our Class
A Common Stock.

Each
one share of FAT Brands Class A Common Stock and each one share of FAT Brands Class B Common Stock, as the case may be, outstanding
as of the Record Date will entitle the holder thereof to receive 0.1520207 share of our Class A Common Stock.

Accordingly,
approximately shares of our Class A Common Stock will be distributed by FAT Brands to the FAT Brands Common Stockholders in the Spin-Off.

Record
Date The
close of business on January 27, 2025.

Distribution
Date January
29, 2025.

Distribution
of Shares of Class A Common Stock in the Spin-Off 

On
the Distribution Date, FAT Brands will release the applicable shares of our Class A Common
Stock to the Distribution Agent to distribute to the FAT Brands Common Stockholders. The
shares of our Class A Common Stock will be distributed in book-entry form, and no physical
stock certificates will be issued.

The
Distribution Agent will distribute only whole shares of our Class A Common Stock in the Spin-Off. See The Spin-OffThe Distribution by FAT Brands to the FAT Brands Common Stockholders
of Shares of our Class A Common Stock in the Spin-OffTreatment of Fractional Shares.

You
will not be required to make any payment, surrender or exchange your shares of FAT Brands Class A Common Stock or FAT Brands Class
B Common Stock, or take any other action to receive your shares of our Class A Common Stock in the Spin-Off.

5

Conditions
to the Spin-Off 

The
Spin-Off is subject to the satisfaction, or the waiver by FAT Brands, of a number of conditions,
including, but not limited to:

the
authorization and approval of the FAT Brands Board of Directors;

the approval of Nasdaq
of the listing of our Class A Common Stock on the Nasdaq Global Market;

the declaration of
effectiveness of our Registration Statement on Form 10, of which this Information Statement is a part, by the SEC; and

the completion of the
Reorganization.

The
satisfaction of all of the conditions to the Spin-Off will not create any obligation on the
part of FAT Brands to consummate the Spin-Off. FAT Brands has the right not to consummate
the Spin-Off if, at any time, the FAT Brands Board of Directors determines, in its sole and
absolute discretion, that the Spin-Off is not in the best interests of FAT Brands or its
stockholders, or is otherwise not advisable.

For more
detailed information regarding the conditions to the Spin-Off, see the section entitled The Spin-OffConditions to the
Spin-Off.

Tax
Consequences to the FAT Brands Common Stockholders Who Are U.S. Taxpayers 

The
Spin-Off will be a taxable distribution for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Accordingly,
each FAT Brands Common Stockholder that is a U.S. holder (as defined in Material
U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Spin-Off) would generally be treated
as receiving a taxable distribution equal to the fair market value of our Class A Common
Stock (determined at the time of the Spin-Off). Such distribution would be treated as a taxable
dividend to the extent of such FAT Brands Common Stockholders ratable share of FAT
Brands current or accumulated earnings and profits (as determined for U.S. federal
income tax purposes). To the extent the value of the distribution exceeds the amount of such
earnings and profits, such excess will be treated first, as reducing such FAT Brands Common
Stockholders adjusted basis in each share of its FAT Brands Class A Common Stock or
FAT Brands Class B Common Stock, as the case may be, in respect of which such distribution
was made, and second, to the extent it exceeds such adjusted basis, as capital gain from
the sale or exchange of such share of FAT Brands Class A Common Stock or FAT Brands Class
B Common Stock, as the case may. For more information regarding the potential U.S. federal
income tax consequences to you as a result of the distribution of shares of our Class A Common
Stock in the Spin-Off, see the section entitled Material U.S. Federal Income Tax
Consequences of the Spin-Off.

We
urge you to consult your tax advisor as to the specific tax consequences of the Spin-Off to you, including the effect of any U.S.
federal, state, local or non-U.S. tax laws and of changes in applicable tax laws.

Resale
of Class A Common Stock The
shares of our Class A Common Stock that will be distributed by FAT Brands to the FAT Brands Common Stockholders in the Spin-Off will
be freely transferable, except for shares received by FAT Brands Common Stockholders who are also affiliates of our Company. See
The Spin-OffResale of our Class A Common Stock Following the Spin-Off for more information.

Listing Our Class A Common Stock has been approved for listing on the
Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol TWNP.

6

Transfer
Agent and Registrar; Distribution Agent VStock
Transfer, LLC is the transfer agent and registrar for our Class A Common Stock, and will also act as the Distribution Agent for the
Spin-Off.

Dividend
Policy We
currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings to fund the development and growth of our operations and to
repay outstanding debt, and therefore, we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our Common Stock in the foreseeable future.
See Dividend Policy.

Class
A Common Stock to be outstanding immediately after the Spin-Off(1) 

47,298,271
shares.

Class
B Common Stock to be outstanding immediately after the Spin-Off 
2,870,000 shares.

Total
shares of our Common Stock to be outstanding immediately after the Spin-Off(1) 50,168,271
shares.

Voting 

Each
share of our Class A Common Stock will be entitled to one vote. Each share of our Class B
Common Stock will be entitled to 50 votes.

The
holders of our Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock will generally vote together as a single class on all matters submitted
to a vote of our stockholders, unless otherwise required by Delaware law or our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation.
See Description of Capital StockCommon Stock.

Concentration
of Ownership 

FAT
Brands, which beneficially owns 100% of the outstanding shares of our Common Stock prior
to the Spin-Off, will beneficially own and control an expected 44,571,771 shares of our
Class A Common Stock, and all of the 2,870,000 outstanding shares of our Class B Common Stock,
which in the aggregate represents approximately 98.6% of the total voting
power of the outstanding shares of our Common Stock, immediately following the completion
of the Spin-Off, and, as a result, will have the ability to control the outcome of matters
submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election of all the members of
our board of directors (which we refer to as our Board of Directors), and the
approval of significant corporate transactions. See Summary of our Company and
our BusinessOur Relationship with FAT BrandsFAT Brands will be our Controlling
Stockholder and Description of Capital StockCommon StockVoting
Rights.

Additionally,
we will be a controlled company, as defined under the Nasdaq Listing Rules.
As a controlled company, we are permitted to elect not to comply with certain corporate governance rules of Nasdaq,
however, we do not currently intend to rely on any of the controlled company
exemptions following the completion of the Spin-Off. See ManagementControlled Company Exemptions.

Use
of Proceeds 

We
will not receive any proceeds from the distribution of shares of our Class A Common Stock
in the Spin-Off, and any expenses incurred in connection with the Spin-Off will be borne
by us.See Use of
Proceeds.

7

Risk
Factors Our
Company and our business face both general and specific risks and uncertainties. Our business also faces risks relating to the Spin-Off.
Following the Spin-Off, we will also face risks associated with being an independent publicly traded reporting company. Accordingly,
you should carefully read and consider the risks described in the section entitled Risk Factors beginning on
page 39 of this Information Statement, as well as all other information contained in this Information Statement.

(1) The
number of shares of our Common Stock to be outstanding immediately after the Spin-Off is
based on shares of our Class A Common Stock and shares of our Class B Common Stock outstanding
as of the date of completion of the Reorganization, and does not include (i) an aggregate
of 2,364,913 shares of our Class A Common Stock that will be issuable upon exercise of the
Noteholders Warrants (as defined and described under Description of Certain
IndebtednessTwin Securitization NotesNoteholders Warrants and Other
Agreements), (ii) up to 4,742,346 shares of our Class A Common Stock underlying
restricted stock units, subject to vesting, that we intend to grant to certain of our officers
and employees under the Management Equity Plan (as defined under Executive and
Director CompensationEquity-Based CompensationTwin Hospitality Group Management
Equity Plan), (iii) an aggregate of 40,000 shares of our Class A Common Stock
underlying stock options, subject to vesting, that we intend to grant to our non-executive
directors under our 2025 Incentive Compensation Plan (as defined under Executive
and Director CompensationEquity-Based Compensation2025 Incentive Compensation
Plan) upon the consummation of the Reorganization, and (iv) an aggregate of 960,000
shares of our Class A Common Stock remaining and reserved, as of immediately following the
grants described in clause (iii) above, for awards that may be granted in the future under
our 2025 Incentive Compensation Plan.

Unless
otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, all information in this Information Statement assumes:

the
completion of the Reorganization; and

the
satisfaction of all of the conditions precedent to the Spin-Off.

8

SUMMARY
OF OUR COMPANY AND OUR BUSINESS

This
summary highlights some of the information contained elsewhere in this Information Statement. This summary is not complete and does not
contain all the information that may be important to you. For a more complete description of the terms and conditions of the Spin-Off, you
should read the entire Information Statement carefully, especially the risks discussed in the Risk Factors section of this
Information Statement, and our consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto, included elsewhere in this Information
Statement.

Our
Company

We
are a franchisor and operator of two specialty casual dining restaurant concepts: Twin Peaks and Smokey Bones. As of September 29,
2024, our total restaurant footprint consists of 172 restaurants, of which 74 are domestic franchised Twin Peaks restaurants
operated by our franchisee partners, seven are international franchised Twin Peaks restaurants operated by a franchisee partner
in Mexico, 33 are domestic company-owned Twin Peaks restaurants, and 58 are domestic company-owned Smokey Bones restaurants.
During the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024, we and our franchise partners opened five franchised Twin
Peaks restaurants across our Twin Peaks restaurant system. During fiscal year 2023, we and our franchisee partners opened 12 franchised
Twin Peaks restaurants, and we opened two company-owned Twin Peaks restaurants, across our Twin Peaks restaurant system. 

Our
growth plan is driven by a robust pipeline of new restaurant developments and strong Comparable Restaurant Sales growth. Our pipeline
includes more than 100 signed franchised units as of September 29, 2024, providing significant visibility into our near-term
growth trajectory. As we continue to expand, of the total number of anticipated new restaurant openings, we have a goal of having approximately
75% be franchised restaurants.

Our
Track Record of Robust Financial Performance and Growth

Our
team of passionate and experienced professionals has capitalized on our growth strategy to deliver robust and consistent sales growth,
new restaurant openings, and strong unit economics for our restaurants. We believe that our compelling financial results and growth trajectory
illustrate the appeal of our brands to customers and proof of concept while demonstrating the long-term potential of our brands:

From fiscal year 2019 to fiscal year 2023, our System-Wide
Sales have increased from $342.7 million to $583.4 million, representing a compound annual growth rate (which we refer to as CAGR)
of 14.2%.

Our Comparable Restaurant Sales have demonstrated strong
momentum. In fiscal years 2021, 2022 and 2023, we generated Comparable Restaurant Sales growth of 45.5%, 10.9% and (0.2)%, respectively.
Relative to fiscal year 2019, we generated Comparable Restaurant Sales growth of 10.8%, 25.5% and 24.7% during fiscal years 2021,
2022 and 2023, respectively.

From fiscal year 2019 to fiscal year 2023, our revenue
has increased from $129.0 million to $230.9 million, representing a CAGR of 15.7%.

In fiscal years 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022 and 2023, we
generated net income (losses) of $(3.4) million, $(10.6) million, $16.3 million, $(12.8) million and $(13.8) million, respectively.
Net income or net loss for fiscal years prior to 2022 is not directly comparable to fiscal years 2022 and 2023 due to FAT Brands
acquisition of the Twin Group in 2021. Net loss margin for fiscal years 2019 and 2023 was (2.6)% and (6.0)%, respectively.

From fiscal year 2019 to fiscal year 2023, our Adjusted
EBITDA has increased from $9.0 million to $28.3 million, representing a CAGR of 33.2%. These Adjusted EBITDA figures represent Adjusted
EBITDA Margins of 7.0% and 12.3% in fiscal years 2019 and 2023, respectively, equating to an absolute margin increase of 5.3%.

9

Twin
Peaks: The Ultimate Sports Lodge

Twin
Peaks is an award-winning restaurant and sports bar brand. We believe that Twin Peaks combination of made-from-scratch food, 29-degree
draft beer, innovative cocktail program, and sports on wall-to-wall televisions at rugged lodge atmosphere themed restaurants is highly
differentiated from other competitive concepts, allowing us to deliver an engaging and unique experience to our customers. Founded in
2005 in Dallas, Texas, Twin Peaks has grown from a single restaurant to a system of 114 restaurants across 27 states and
Mexico as of September 29, 2024. Driven by our goal of revolutionizing the sports bar experience, and with an estimated total
market opportunity in the United States of approximately 650 restaurants (based on a whitespace analysis performed by eSite Analytics
in 2023), plus substantial international development opportunities, we believe that we are well-positioned to accelerate the growth of
Twin Peaks.

At
its core, Twin Peaks is an experiential dining brand. We strive to provide a best-in-class dining and sports bar experience for each
guest who walks into our Twin Peaks restaurants, which we deliver through our innovative menu, engaging waitstaff, and immersive sports
viewing experience. Twin Peaks made-from-scratch food features a wide array of selections, ranging from craveable game day favorites
(such as seared-to-order burgers and hand-breaded chicken wings) to more innovative and premium options (such as New York strip steak,
in-house smoked ribs, and street tacos), which may be less common for a typical restaurant and sports bar. Twin Peaks pairs its curated
food menu with its customer-favorite 29-degree draft beer and craft cocktails. All of our Twin Peaks restaurants possess the look and
feel of a natural and rugged mountain lodge, featuring authentic wood tones, comfortable seating, quality furnishings, and spacious tables
for optimal sports viewing and group gatherings. Our Twin Peaks restaurants typically feature between 60 and 100 television set-ups,
providing an immersive and customized viewing experience featuring sports programming and pay-per-view events. Guests at our Twin Peaks
restaurants are welcomed by an engaging team, highlighted by an all-female waitstaff, who are a valuable aspect of the Twin Peaks business
model and key components of the memorable experiences that our Twin Peaks restaurants provide to guests. Additionally, Twin Peaks
waitstaff are empowered to serve as brand ambassadors, helping to extend the visibility of the Twin Peaks brand to a wider audience of
customers.

The
Twin Peaks restaurant experience we provide to our guests is the foundation of the Twin Peaks brand, and we believe that this is the
primary catalyst of Twin Peaks strong performance. Twin Peaks broad menu and thoughtfully crafted dining experience drive
consistent customer traffic across all dayparts, including lunch, happy hour, dinner and late-night. We structure Twin Peaks menu
utilizing a barbell pricing model, offering a broad combination of lower-priced, entry-level menu items along with a range
of more premium, higher-priced food and beverages. This pricing strategy offers a differentiated price-to-value proposition for a multitude
of guest preferences. Additionally, the breadth of Twin Peaks beverage offerings supports high-margin revenue across our Twin
Peaks restaurant base. We believe that the guests at our Twin Peaks restaurants are highly engaged and enjoy the Twin Peaks restaurant
experience, which is best evidenced by Twin Peaks industry-leading guest satisfaction and intent-to-return scores, as measured
by Black Box. We believe that the Twin Peaks concept possesses broad appeal and resonates with the Generation X, Millennial and Generation
Z demographic groups, as well as with all genders.

In
order to expand our Twin Peaks restaurant footprint, we are capitalizing on a flexible real estate strategy that has proven successful
in converting various existing restaurants and retail stores into Twin Peaks restaurants. As of September 29, 2024, of our 114
Twin Peaks restaurants, approximately 80% were conversions from previous restaurants or retail stores. Relative to new-build
restaurants, conversions enable broader and more flexible access to real estate, more timely openings, lower build-out costs, and accelerated
payback periods.

Our
growth plan for Twin Peaks is driven by a robust pipeline of new restaurant developments and strong Comparable Restaurant Sales growth.
Our pipeline for new Twin Peaks restaurants includes more than 100 signed franchised units as of September 29, 2024, providing significant
visibility into Twin Peaks near-term growth trajectory. Based on our franchise development pipeline, which continues to grow,
for fiscal years 2024 to 2028, we believe that we and our franchisee partners will open between 10 to 12 new franchised Twin Peaks restaurants
per year. As we continue to expand our Twin Peaks restaurant system, of the total number of anticipated new restaurant openings, we have
a goal of having approximately 75% be franchised restaurants.

10

As
of September 29, 2024, our total domestic Twin Peaks restaurant footprint includes 107 Twin Peaks restaurants across 27
states, of which 74 are franchised restaurants operated by our franchisee partners and 33 are company-owned restaurants.
Additionally, we have partnered with a franchisee who operates seven Twin Peaks restaurants in Mexico. During the thirty-nine
weeks ended September 29, 2024, we and our franchise partners opened five franchised Twin Peaks restaurants across our
Twin Peaks restaurant system, which represented a 11% increase in restaurant count relative to the same period in 2023. During
fiscal year 2023, we and our franchisee partners opened 12 franchised Twin Peaks restaurants, and we opened two company-owned Twin Peaks
restaurants, across our Twin Peaks restaurant system, which represented a 15% increase in restaurant count relative to 2022. The growth
in the number of Twin Peaks restaurants is supported by Twin Peaks strong and consistent Average Unit Volumes (which we refer
to as AUVs), which have shown considerable growth and stability as we have expanded the Twin Peaks brand into new locations
and markets. We believe that our ability to generate high AUVs across our Twin Peaks restaurant system in a variety of diverse markets
demonstrates the immense portability and potential of the Twin Peaks brand. Furthermore, Twin Peaks consistent AUVs serve as proof
points within its existing markets, allowing us to confidently infill these markets with additional Twin Peaks restaurants.

Twin
Peaks Track Record of Robust Financial Performance and Growth

We
believe that we have capitalized on our growth strategy for Twin Peaks to deliver robust and consistent sales growth, new restaurant
openings, and strong unit economics for our Twin Peaks restaurants. From fiscal year 2019 to fiscal year 2023, the number of Twin Peaks
restaurants has grown from 84 restaurants to 109 restaurants, representing a CAGR of 6.7%. Additionally, Twin Peaks AUVs have
exhibited significant growth across our Twin Peaks restaurant system. From fiscal year 2019 to fiscal year 2023, Twin Peaks AUVs
have grown from $4.1 million to $5.4 million, representing a CAGR of 7.1%. We believe that the growth of Twin Peaks AUVs as our
Twin Peaks restaurant system has expanded into new markets demonstrates the portability of the Twin Peaks brand and concept as well as
our ability to successfully execute our growth strategy for Twin Peaks within new locations and markets.

We
believe that Twin Peaks highly compelling unit economics are a key driver of the expansion of our Twin Peaks restaurant system,
allowing us to catalyze growth in our business while simultaneously attracting both new and existing franchisee partners to commit to
new restaurant development. When modeling new Twin Peaks restaurant openings, we target the following average unit economics in the third
full year of operations:

AUV
of approximately $6.5 million;

Restaurant-Level
Contribution Margin of approximately 16% for our company-owned Twin Peaks restaurants; and

Cash-on-cash
returns of approximately 28.9% for conversions from previous restaurants or retail stores and approximately 37.1% for new-build restaurants.
These cash-on-cash return targets are calculated based on a target average investment cost of approximately $3.6 million for conversions
from previous restaurants or retail stores and approximately $2.8 million for new-build restaurants (in each case, net of tenant
allowances and sale leaseback proceeds, and excluding pre-opening expenses).

The
following table summarizes our target economics for new Twin Peaks restaurant openings:

Target
Average Unit Economics

(dollars
in thousands) Conversions New
Builds 

AUV(1) $ 6,500 $ 6,500 

Restaurant-Level
Contribution Margin(1)(2) 16.0 % 16.0 %

Net initial
investment(3) $ 3,600 $ 2,800 

Cash-on-cash
return(1)(4) 28.9 % 37.1 %

(1) Reflects
targets for the third full year of operations.

11

(2) See
Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
OperationsNon-GAAP Financial MetricsRestaurant-Level Contribution and Restaurant-Level
Contribution Margin for a further discussion of Restaurant-Level Contribution
and Restaurant-Level Contribution Margin, and for a reconciliation of income from operations,
the most directly comparable financial measure under GAAP, to Restaurant-Level Contribution.

(3) Reflects
capital expenditures incurred to open a restaurant, net of tenant allowances and sale leaseback
proceeds, and excluding pre-opening expenses.

(4) See Managements
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of OperationsNon-GAAP Financial
MetricsCash-on-Cash Return for a further discussion of cash-on-cash return.

Openings
of new franchised Twin Peaks restaurants are particularly profitable for our business model. A franchised Twin Peaks restaurant generating
an illustrative AUV of $6.0 million contributes approximately $300,000 in royalty income to us each year (based on a royalty rate of
5.0% of gross sales), which contributes directly to our profitability profile and carries minimal associated variable costs. Additionally,
such franchised Twin Peaks restaurant would contribute approximately $150,000 (based on a required contribution of 2.5% of gross sales)
to the Twin Peaks National Marketing Fund, which would allow us to increase brand awareness in both new and existing markets.

In
2024, we are targeting to open three to four new company-owned Twin Peaks restaurants, with two closures. During the thirty-nine
weeks ended September 29, 2024, our franchisees opened five franchised Twin Peaks restaurants, and we currently estimate
that a franchisee will open one additional new franchised Twin Peaks restaurant during the last fiscal quarter of
2024. In total, we are targeting the expansion of our Twin Peaks restaurant footprint by eight new Twin Peaks restaurants in 2024.

Conversions
of Smokey Bones Restaurants into Twin Peaks Restaurants

In
September 2023, FAT Brands acquired Barbeque Integrated, Inc., which is the entity that owns Smokey Bones Bar & Fire Grill (which
we refer to as Smokey Bones). Subsequent to FAT Brands acquisition of Smokey Bones, on March 21, 2024, FAT Brands
contributed to Twin Hospitality I, LLC (formerly known as FAT Brands Twin Peaks I, LLC), which is the top tier company
in the Twin Group (which we refer to as the Top Tier Twin Subsidiary), and the Top Tier Twin Subsidiary acquired (which
we refer to as the Smokey Bones Acquisition), all of the outstanding capital stock of Barbeque Integrated, Inc., which
included Smokey Bones. We plan to convert approximately half of the acquired 60 Smokey Bones restaurants into new Twin Peaks restaurants
(which we refer to as the Twin Peaks Conversions). Of the to be converted Smokey Bones restaurants that are within existing
franchisee development areas, we plan to work with our existing franchisees to develop those restaurants. Of the to be converted Smokey
Bones restaurants that are within new markets, we may partner with a franchisee to develop those restaurants or convert those restaurants
into company-owned Twin Peaks restaurants.

We
estimate that the required initial investment cost for a conversion of a Smokey Bones restaurant into a Twin Peaks restaurant, excluding
pre-opening expenses, to be between approximately $2.0 million to $5.0 million per restaurant, consistent with our initial investment
targets for conversions of existing sites. We believe that the opportunity to convert Smokey Bones restaurants enables us and our franchisees
to open new Twin Peaks restaurants in attractive locations and markets at a lower cost than a new build and on a shorter timeline, while
also providing heightened visibility into our near-term growth objectives for our Twin Peaks restaurant system.

Of
the remaining Smokey Bones restaurants that are not converted into Twin Peaks restaurants, we intend to operate them as company-owned
Smokey Bones restaurants, or sell them to franchisees who will own and operate them as franchised Smokey Bones restaurants.

12

Twin
Peaks Market Opportunity

Twin
Peaks competes in the broader casual dining segment of the U.S. full-service dining industry. According to Technomic, Inc. (which we
refer to as Technomic), a leading data provider for the restaurant industry, the full-service dining industry is highly
fragmented, with various concepts competing for wallet share across a number of menu categories, including sports bars, steak, Italian/pizza,
family style, and others. According to Technomic, the full-service dining industry in the United States generated sales of approximately
$264 billion and $275 billion in 2022 and 2023, respectively. In fiscal year 2023, our domestic System-Wide Sales growth outpaced that
of the broader full-service dining industry, as our domestic System-Wide Sales grew by 11%, relative to 5% for the full-service dining
industry as a whole, according to Technomic.

Within
the full-service dining industry, Twin Peaks operates within the casual dining segment and the sports bar sub-segment. According to Technomics
2023 Top 500 Chain Restaurant Report, which ranks U.S. restaurant chains by 2022 domestic system-wide sales, Twin Peaks was ranked 102
on the list of all U.S. restaurant concepts and fifth out of 29 restaurant concepts within the sports bar sub-segment. We believe that
the Twin Peaks concept has a significant opportunity to disrupt the sports bar and broader casual dining segments, and we are well-positioned
to capitalize on this opportunity. We believe that Twin Peaks focus on made-from-scratch food, craft beverages, and providing
an engaging sports-lodge experience helps differentiate the Twin Peaks concept from competitors while creating an environment difficult
for customers to replicate at home. As customers continue to seek engaging and high-quality dining experiences, we are targeting growth
rates for Twin Peaks in excess of the broader industry.

We
believe that Twin Peaks success can be best demonstrated by its performance relative to the broader casual dining segment, as
tracked by Black Box. Black Box tracks consumer intent-to-return, which we believe is Twin Peaks strongest measure of success.
In fiscal year 2023, Twin Peaks consumer intent-to-return score, as defined by Black Box, was measured at 95%, as compared to
74% for the broader casual dining segment. We believe that Twin Peaks strong traffic trends and favorable customer perception
are critical drivers of its sales growth and demonstrate the strength and potential of the Twin Peaks concept. As Twin Peaks continues
to grow, we believe that Twin Peaks has an opportunity to gain market share by focusing on providing guests with a superior dining and
sports viewing experience, thereby driving increased brand awareness, continued growth in Comparable Restaurant Sales, and continued
expansion of our Twin Peaks restaurant footprint. Furthermore, we believe that the Twin Peaks concept is uniquely resistant to economic
headwinds given the breath of its menu items and range of price points, combined with its focus on providing an immersive sports viewing
experience.

Twin
Peaks Aims to Provide Guests with an Unmatched Dining Experience

Since
its inception, Twin Peaks has been driven by its mission of providing guests with an authentic, energetic and comfortable environment,
food that makes guests feel good, and beverages to celebrate every win. We consider Twin Peaks focus on experiential dining to
be an integral component of its DNA, a core differentiator of the Twin Peaks concept, and the primary driver of Twin Peaks unique
brand identity and value proposition for consumers. We believe that Twin Peaks combination of made-from-scratch food, 29-degree
draft beers, craft cocktails, engaging waitstaff, and expansive television packages creates a dining and sports-viewing experience that
is difficult to replicate at home or elsewhere, which drives strong customer traffic at our Twin Peaks restaurants. Our focus on providing
an outstanding experience for each guest is consistent across our Twin Peaks restaurant system. Our Twin Peaks restaurants are thoughtfully
crafted to look and feel like a natural and rugged escape, incorporating various iconic features of mountain lodges. In addition to its
kitchen, bar and television packages, many of our Twin Peaks lodges include other amenities, such as outdoor patios, fire pits and cigar
rooms, offering guests opportunities to socialize while watching their favorite sporting events. While all Twin Peaks restaurants generally
exhibit the same look and feel, each Twin Peaks restaurant does so with a distinctive and unique touch, making no two restaurants exactly
alike. Additionally, we and our franchisees are able to tailor the look and feel of a Twin Peaks restaurant in order to best appeal to
specific localities. As we continue to expand our Twin Peaks restaurant footprint, both domestically and internationally, we aim to continue
to provide Twin Peaks signature dining experience to guests across both new and existing markets. The primary pillars of the Twin
Peaks in-restaurant experience are further described below.

13

Award-Winning
Craft Kitchen and Menu Offerings

Our
Twin Peaks restaurants feature a selection of craveable, bold and exciting menu items, providing guests with a broad range of gastropub-style
all-American comfort food suitable for a variety of taste preferences. Twin Peaks food menu is comprised of approximately 70 core
items, which are made-from-scratch and feature fresh and premium ingredients. Twin Peaks offers a variety of shareable menu items to
cater specifically to guests gathered in groups, while still providing a number of curated entre selections. Core menu items
include a range of elevated but familiar game day favorites, such as burgers, chicken wings (available in over 30 different cooking styles,
sauce varieties, and rubs) and flatbreads, as well as a variety of innovative and creative dishes, such as street tacos, spicy meatball
parmesan submarine sandwiches, and New York strip steaks. We have designed the Twin Peaks menu to focus on efficiently limiting the number
of ingredients in a given restaurants pantry, which streamlines the labor hours required to prepare the food offerings while simultaneously
allowing team members to excel in the preparation of a targeted number of items. Twin Peaks menu is driven by its in-house culinary
team, which allows Twin Peaks to capitalize on relevant trends and to provide guests with new and innovative dishes. All of our Twin
Peaks restaurants feature a well-equipped kitchen, including an in-house smoker, which is utilized across several menu offerings, such
as chicken wings and street tacos. We are constantly seeking to innovate across Twin Peaks menu, leveraging the trusted Twin Peaks
brand to encourage guests to try exciting new items, such as a lobster roll BLT. We believe that the quality and breadth of Twin Peaks
menu is a core differentiator of the Twin Peaks brand and a defining element of the Twin Peaks restaurant experience.

Broad
and Differentiated Beverage Offerings

Twin
Peaks curated food menu is paired with a broad selection of beverage offerings, including a range of ice-cold draft beer, craft
cocktails, and spirits. In particular, Twin Peaks signature, teeth-chattering 29-degree draft beer served in frosted mugs is a
customer favorite. Twin Peaks features a rotating selection of ice-cold beers on tap, as well as a range of local and seasonal favorites,
which can vary by restaurant. We have spent years perfecting the process behind serving Twin Peaks 29-degree draft beer, from
the washing to the freeze-drying of our mugs. Our Twin Peaks restaurants feature up to 32 beer taps, depending on the size of the venue,
with an average of 24 to 32 taps per restaurant across our Twin Peaks restaurant system. Twin Peaks offers a selection of proprietary,
in-house beers to all 34 Twin Peaks restaurants across Texas. All of the Twin Peaks signature beers sold in our Twin Peaks restaurants
in Texas, such as the Twin Peaks Dirty Blonde, are brewed at Twin Peaks Brewing Co., our brew-pub in Irving, Texas. Additionally, we
work with national commercial brewers to produce private label beer outside of Texas in order to offer proprietary beers at all of our
Twin Peaks restaurants throughout our Twin Peaks restaurant system. Our brewing operations allow Twin Peaks to generate higher margins
on sales of its proprietary beers, while simultaneously offering meaningful value to guests by selling this beer at compelling price
points. Twin Peaks currently offers four staple draft beers, as well as a variety of limited edition and seasonal brews.

While
Twin Peaks is widely known for its 29-degree draft beer, the Twin Peaks concept extends far beyond its beer offerings. We take great
pride in Twin Peaks extensive selection of premium craft cocktails and distinctive spirits. Twin Peaks offers a curated menu of
liquors and spirits, ranging from familiar and accessible options to top-shelf brands. Twin Peaks also leverages its extensive list of
spirits to provide guests with classic and creative specialty cocktails, including martinis, mules, margaritas and specialty shots. Twin
Peaks combination of beer and spirits provides guests with an elevated selection of bar options that can pair with any meal and
satisfy a diverse range of guest preferences.

14

Energetic
and Engaging Waitstaff

Guests
at all of our Twin Peaks restaurants are greeted and served by an all-female waitstaff and front of house team, which is a central component
of the Twin Peaks restaurant experience. Twin Peaks team members are focused on delivering an outstanding experience that makes
all guests feel like regulars. We have intentionally tailored the job responsibilities of the Twin Peaks waitstaff to allow them to focus
a maximum amount of time and energy on providing friendly service and welcoming hospitality. Additionally, the Twin Peaks waitstaff often
commands engaged audiences across social media platforms and is encouraged to serve as ambassadors for the Twin Peaks brand. We believe
that the Twin Peaks waitstaff provides publicity and a mutually beneficial halo effect for the Twin Peaks brand, allowing Twin Peaks
to reach a wider range of customers and drive local traffic.

The
Ultimate Sports Viewing Experience

Twin
Peaks strives to provide its guests with a sports viewing experience that is unrivaled at home or elsewhere. Our Twin Peaks restaurants
allow guests to experience every game, match, fight and race in a welcoming and energetic setting. Twin Peaks sports viewing experience
is driven by its expansive television packages. Our Twin Peaks restaurants offer wall-to-wall televisions featuring comprehensive and
customizable sports programming packages and pay-per-view events. Twin Peaks sports programming is flexible and can be easily
modified, which we believe allows it to appeal to the broadest number of sports fans by showcasing a multitude of events simultaneously.
On days with multiple games, such as NFL Sundays or college football Saturdays, each Twin Peaks restaurant strategically maps out televisions
by section so that it can best accommodate guests and pair them with their favorite teams. Our Twin Peaks restaurants are intentionally
designed to capitalize on available space and to ensure that there is not a bad seat in the house. As of September 29,
2024, with respect to our domestic Twin Peaks restaurants currently open, the average restaurant size is approximately 7,800 square
feet and typically features between 60 and 100 television setups.

In
addition to traditional sports programming, Twin Peaks curates special events and promotions around high-profile sporting events and
occasions. For example, we showcase major boxing and mixed martial arts pay-per-view events in our Twin Peaks restaurants, which we believe
provides guests with a compelling value proposition, allowing them to watch in our Twin Peaks restaurants rather than incur the cost
of pay-per-view packages at home. We believe that the experience Twin Peaks provides to guests for special events has helped establish
Twin Peaks as a chosen destination for sports viewing. Twin Peaks slate of special events is intentionally coordinated with the
sports calendar, and our Twin Peaks team organizes effective marketing campaigns around the NFL, college football, fantasy football,
MLB, NBA, March Madness, and other major sporting events throughout the year.

15

Curated
Special and Private Events

Our
Twin Peaks restaurants arrange a variety of seasonal in-restaurant events throughout the year. These events are often coordinated with
specific holidays or other unique occasions, such as St. Patricks Day, Valentines Day, Cinco de Mayo, Black Friday, Veterans
Day, National Pickle Day, the anniversary of the end of Prohibition, and others. Twin Peaks also regularly pairs beverage promotions
with costume events led by the Twin Peaks waitstaff, allowing us to drive sales of specific menu items. We believe that Twin Peaks
dynamic event calendar drives guest engagement and allows the Twin Peaks waitstaff to deliver unique twists to Twin Peaks already
engaging restaurant experience. These seasonal events are particularly critical in driving customer traffic to our Twin Peaks restaurants
during the summer months, when the sports calendar is relatively quiet. Additionally, our Twin Peaks restaurants host a variety of private
events, such as birthday parties and corporate events. We believe that Twin Peaks engaging restaurant experience positions it
well to continue to grow its private events business.

Twin
Peaks Competitive Strengths

Differentiated
Customer Experience Generating Industry-Leading Guest Satisfaction

We
believe that the Twin Peaks restaurant experience is unparalleled due to its broad made-from-scratch food selection, full-service beverage
offerings, and expansive sports viewing packages that are delivered in a welcoming and comfortable atmosphere. As a result, guests at
our Twin Peaks restaurants are highly supportive of, and loyal to, the Twin Peaks brand. We believe that Twin Peaks Black Box
scores in various categories of consumer sentiment, particularly intent-to-return, are critical measures of Twin Peaks success.
We analyze several consumer sentiment scores reported by Black Box, including consumer perception of Twin Peaks food, beverages,
service and ambiance, and consumer intent-to-return. For fiscal year 2023, Twin Peaks average scores for its food, beverages,
service and ambiance, and consumer intent-to-return, as reported by Black Box, were 92%, 92%, 94%, 89% and 95%, respectively. Per Black
Box, these scores are higher in every category relative to the broader casual dining segment, which we believe is a testament to the
strength of the Twin Peaks concept.

16

We
believe that Twin Peaks growth trajectory is reflected in its consistent and growing AUVs. From fiscal year 2019 to fiscal year
2023, our Twin Peaks restaurants have grown their AUVs by 31.7%. Furthermore, as we have expanded our Twin Peaks restaurant footprint
to 114 locations as of September 29, 2024 (as compared to 84 restaurants as of December 29, 2019), the AUVs of our Twin
Peaks restaurants have increased, highlighting the strength and stability of the Twin Peaks brand across increasing locations and markets.

Unique
Barbell Pricing Model Offering Compelling Guest Value Proposition

Twin
Peaks utilizes a barbell pricing strategy for its menu across all of the Twin Peaks restaurants, providing a compelling
price-to-value proposition that appeals to a diverse range of guests. Twin Peaks extensive food and beverage menu selections are
suitable for guests with a wide variety of culinary preferences and budget considerations. For example, based on menu pricing as of December
31, 2023, Twin Peaks offered food items ranging from a $10.99 cheeseburger to a $24.99 New York strip steak. Twin Peaks beverage
offerings cover a similar diversity of price points. Twin Peaks spirit selection includes affordable and familiar brands along
with rare, more premium selections, allowing it to cater to a wide variety of tastes. Twin Peaks also offers a multitude of game day,
lunch, happy hour and holiday specials across both its food and beverage items, which provides guests with exceptional value while promoting
specific menu items. We believe that Twin Peaks compelling entry-level price points drive its strong customer traffic momentum,
while its selection of more premium food and beverage items cater to guests looking for higher-end options. We believe that Twin Peaks
extensive menu offerings and diverse range of price points appeal to a broad range of consumers across various ages and incomes, who
are also similarly attracted to Twin Peaks focus on quality food, premium beverages, consistent innovation, and engaging hospitality.
During fiscal year 2023, Twin Peaks per person average check (which we refer to as PPA) was approximately $22.18.

Revenue
Maximizing Dynamic Menu and Pricing Capabilities

Menus
at our Twin Peaks restaurants are completely digital and accessible by QR code, although guests can be provided with paper printouts
of daily specials when needed. Twin Peaks digital menus allow us to implement menu engineering, where we have the ability to move
items around the menu in order to promote higher-margin products and respond in real time to cost changes related to commodity price
movements or inventory levels by focusing on specific items. We are also able to quickly implement selective price adjustments. Dynamic
menus enable us to curate our menus by restaurant when needed, which is especially critical for franchisees operating in states with
higher labor costs, who may charge slightly higher prices in order to generate sufficient margins.

Broad
Daypart Appeal across Multiple Dining Occasions

Twin
Peaks diverse menu offerings, compelling value proposition, and welcoming lodge environment create broad appeal across multiple
dayparts and guest occasions. Twin Peaks extensive food and beverage options appeal to guests at all times of the day, driving
traffic and sales volumes across lunch, dinner and late night periods. Twin Peaks menus feature dedicated lunch specials, providing
professionals seeking a respite from the office, or sports fans looking to catch a daytime game, with an engaging lunchtime experience.
We continue to grow Twin Peaks seasonal brunch menu, which is particularly geared to early start time sports. Twin Peaks
happy hour deals attract after-work crowds with daily specials across its food and beverage categories. We believe that Twin Peaks
expansive television packages and breadth of elevated food and beverage offerings are particularly well-positioned for the dinner daypart,
offering guests the opportunity to enjoy prime time sports in a comfortable atmosphere. Our Twin Peaks restaurants are open as late as
2:00 am on weekends, serving guests looking to watch late night sporting events with a full menu of food and beverage offerings. We believe
that the extended hours of our Twin Peaks restaurants are another key differentiator of the Twin Peaks brand, serving guests at times
when many other restaurants are closed or offering more limited menu selections. Twin Peaks focuses on providing a welcoming and energetic
guest experience across all dayparts, which we believe creates a consistent value proposition and experience for guests.

17

High-Growth,
Asset-Light Franchisor Business Model with Compelling Franchisee Value Proposition

Our
operating model for Twin Peaks incorporates the most effective attributes of franchised restaurant concepts, while leveraging the benefits
of our company-owned Twin Peaks restaurant platforms. We benefit from the recurring and high-visibility cash flow streams driven by royalty
revenue generated from our franchised Twin Peaks restaurants. Additionally, our high-growth and high-margin company-owned Twin Peaks
restaurants allow us to directly control the in-restaurant Twin Peaks experience, selectively test new innovative menu offerings, and
obtain more direct feedback on guest experiences. Our Twin Peaks restaurants generate attractive and consistent AUVs, restaurant-level
profitability, and cash-on-cash returns while driving strong brand loyalty amongst guests. As of September 29, 2024, 81
of our Twin Peaks restaurants are franchised, which represents approximately 71% of our Twin Peaks restaurant system. Our franchisor
business model is a critical component of our financial performance, and we expect Twin Peaks franchising operations to be a key
driver of our long-term growth. We believe that Twin Peaks unit economics represent an attractive investment opportunity for both
new and existing franchisee partners, as evidenced by the growth of our franchised Twin Peaks restaurant base from 56 franchised Twin
Peaks restaurants as of December 29, 2019 to 81 franchised Twin Peaks restaurants as of September 29, 2024. Furthermore,
our franchising operations drive our profitability margins and reduce the amount of capital expenditures required to operate our business.
Our net loss margin was (7.7)% and (6.0)% for fiscal years 2022 and 2023, respectively. Our historical Adjusted EBITDA Margins of 12.6%
and 12.3% for fiscal years 2022 and 2023, respectively, illustrate the highly profitable nature of our business model.

We
believe that the strength of our franchisor business model for Twin Peaks can be best illustrated by our development pipeline for new
franchised Twin Peaks restaurants, which consisted of signed agreements for over 100 new franchised Twin Peaks restaurants as of September
29, 2024.

Experienced
Franchisee Partners

Our
ability to drive revenue and profitability growth through our franchising operations for Twin Peaks is contingent upon our ability to
select and partner with experienced and well-capitalized franchisee partners. Our current network of franchisees consists of a group
of highly experienced operators with proven support of the Twin Peaks brand. We specifically seek to partner with well-capitalized franchisee
partners who have prior experience in managing full-service restaurants or related hospitality venues. Our franchisees often have meaningful
experience as independent operators of other national dining concepts, such as Red Robin, Papa Johns and Panera. We strategically
partner with franchisees who have been vetted through our thorough selection process.

Of
our franchisees with open Twin Peaks restaurants as of September 29, 2024, each franchisee operates an average of approximately
four Twin Peaks restaurants and has been a part of our Twin Peaks restaurant system for an average of approximately seven years (based
on the number of years since a franchisee partner first executed a franchisee agreement with us). We are confident in our ability to
drive growth of our Twin Peaks restaurant base through both our existing network of franchisees as well as through new franchisee partnerships.
When signing new franchisee partners, we target an initial commitment of at least three franchised restaurants, which we believe supports
our ability to partner with well-capitalized and dedicated operators.

We
provide our franchisees with significant support from the outset of our partnership, from development and design of the Twin Peaks restaurant
to a weekly dashboard of key performance indicators in order to maximize franchisee productivity and profitability. We offer immersive
training support for franchisees opening a new Twin Peaks restaurant, as well as in-depth course curriculum to train and develop manager-level
franchisee employees. When a new franchised Twin Peaks restaurant is opened, a representative from our Twin Peaks team joins the franchisee
on site to facilitate a smooth launch. After a franchised Twin Peaks restaurant is opened, we provide franchisees with up-to-date performance
metrics, leveraging our data and technology infrastructure to support our franchisees in driving efficiencies within their restaurants.
In order to ensure optimal performance in our franchised Twin Peaks restaurants, our franchisees are required to dedicate a significant
amount of focus and personnel to the Twin Peaks brand. Each franchisee is required to have a designated principal, who functions as a
director of operations strictly for Twin Peaks restaurants. A franchisees designated principal is required to work solely on the
Twin Peaks concept.

18

Attractive
Unit Economics

We
believe that the growing popularity of the Twin Peaks restaurant experience and the efficient operating model of our Twin Peaks restaurants
translate into attractive unit-level economics at our company-owned Twin Peaks restaurants and franchised Twin Peaks restaurants. Our
Twin Peaks restaurant model has been intentionally designed to help franchisees achieve compelling AUVs, strong restaurant-level profitability
margins, and an attractive return on invested capital. During fiscal year 2023, our Twin Peaks restaurants generated an AUV of $5.4 million
across our system. During fiscal year 2023, AUVs across our company-owned Twin Peaks restaurants and franchised Twin Peaks restaurants
were $5.0 million and $5.6 million, respectively.

We
believe that the continued growth of our franchisee system for Twin Peaks reflects the attractiveness of our unit economic model and
the favorable return on investment presented by our Twin Peaks restaurants. We target payback periods of three years for our Twin Peaks
restaurants. For new builds, we leverage sale-leaseback transactions where necessary to help us achieve our targeted returns. We believe
that this payback period represents an attractive investment opportunity for franchisee partners in the full-service dining space. Furthermore,
we believe that our unit economics are a key driver of our Twin Peaks restaurant growth with our franchisee partners.

Portable
Concept with Proven Success across Various Locations and Markets

Twin
Peaks differentiated concept has proven successful across the majority of the United States. As of September 29, 2024,
there are Twin Peaks restaurants in 27 states across various regions of the country. We have generated positive Comparable Restaurant
Sales growth across our restaurant system while expanding into new markets and regions with varying population densities and characteristics.
We believe that the broad appeal of the Twin Peaks brand and Twin Peaks best-in-class guest experience have been the primary drivers
of Twin Peaks success across the country. The Twin Peaks concept has also succeeded in a variety of real estate formats and locations.
While we are flexible when evaluating new Twin Peaks restaurant locations, our preferred location type is a freestanding second-generation
restaurant building near major roadways and within retail corridors, with 150 or more available parking spaces, and in an area with a
residential population of at least 150,000 people within a five-mile radius. The flexibility of our real estate model, coupled with the
broad appeal of Twin Peaks menu offerings, pricing strategy, and in-restaurant experience, have also enabled us and our franchisee
partners to operate successful Twin Peaks restaurants in both urban and suburban areas. Accordingly, we believe that the Twin Peaks concept
is well-positioned for continued growth in both new and existing markets. On a global scale, as of September 29, 2024, one of
our franchisee partners is operating seven franchised Twin Peaks restaurants in Mexico, and has committed to develop and open an additional
25 franchised Twin Peaks restaurants in Mexico. Twin Peaks existing presence, and continued growth, in Mexico demonstrate
the brands international portability and potential outside the United States. 

Data
as of September 29, 2024.

19

Differentiated
Real Estate Strategy and Proven Conversion Capabilities

To
date, we have executed on our differentiated real estate strategy to build out our Twin Peaks system of restaurants throughout the United
States and Mexico. We have demonstrated an ability to successfully convert existing buildings to Twin Peaks restaurants. Approximately
91 of our 114 Twin Peaks restaurants (or approximately 80%) were successfully converted from various forms of existing
buildings. Our conversions on average cost between approximately $2.0 million to $5.0 million per Twin Peaks restaurant and take approximately
nine months to complete. Our new-builds on average cost between approximately $4.0 million and $6.0 million per Twin Peaks restaurant
and take up to 18 months to complete. We believe that our ability to simultaneously evaluate conversions and new-builds for new Twin
Peaks restaurant openings, combined with the support we provide to franchisees in selecting sites for new Twin Peaks restaurant development,
are key differentiators of our business model. We believe that we are able to select the best possible real estate for a new Twin Peaks
restaurant, allowing us to open new restaurants in the most attractive locations available. Given our asset-light business model, we
do not seek to own significant amounts of real estate, however, when developing a new Twin Peaks restaurant, we may acquire a plot of
land or an existing building. In order to minimize the amount of committed capital for each new Twin Peaks restaurant, we may engage
in sale-leaseback transactions with third-party investors.

We
believe that the planned conversion of Smokey Bones restaurants to Twin Peaks restaurants will catalyze our near-term unit growth. Over
the next two years, we plan to work with our Twin Peaks franchisee partners to convert certain Smokey Bones restaurants that are within
their existing development territories into Twin Peaks restaurants, with these restaurants being operated by such franchisees. Furthermore,
we plan to convert additional Smokey Bones restaurants to company-owned Twin Peaks restaurants. For additional information regarding
our planned conversions of Smokey Bones restaurants, see Twin Peaks: The Ultimate Sports Lodge Conversions of
Smokey Bones Restaurants into Twin Peaks restaurants above.

Smokey
Bones: The Masters of Meat

Smokey
Bones is a full-service, meat-centric restaurant brand and concept specializing in award-winning ribs and a variety of other slow-smoked,
fire-grilled, or seared meats, along with a full bar featuring a wide selection of domestic, import and local craft beers, a variety
of spirits, and several signature handcrafted cocktails. Smokey Bones serves dine-in guests for lunch, dinner, and late night, and offers
pick-up, delivery, online ordering, and catering options. Smokey Bones was founded in 1999 as a growth concept, and in 2019, the brand
was strategically repositioned to create more dining occasions while simplifying and streamlining operations.

As
experts of authentic fire-grilled and house-smoked meats, Smokey Bones is passionate about serving meat lovers and dining adventurists
a deep variety of bold, fire-inspired signature and classic menu offerings. Smokey Bones serves premium quality cuts of a variety of
meats, expertly prepared with traditional and global flavors, in a relaxed, but elevated casual dining atmosphere. Smokey Bones appeals
to a broad range of guests, ranging from young families to retired couples, and its well-diversified channel and day of the week mix
demonstrates that Smokey Bones is a favorite dining choice in the markets where our Smokey Bones restaurants are located.

Smokey
Bones successful brand re-positioning in 2019 quickly gained resonance with core consumer demographics, and from 2019 to 2023,
guest frequency and guest satisfaction increased by 14% and 8%, respectively. Additionally, in 2019, several technology investments were
implemented to streamline operations and improve the guest experience. Smokey Bones online ordering system streamlined online
user interface with an intuitive, accessible ordering experience, and Smokey Bones implemented geofencing technology, which alerts restaurants
when customers are nearby for order pickups or can be used to prompt customers to place new orders when theyre close to a Smokey
Bones location.

20

Smokey
Bones Track Record of Growth

Smokey
Bones was founded in 1999 with the opening of its first restaurant in Florida, and over the past 25 years has grown to 58 restaurants
in 16 states in the eastern United States. We believe that the Smokey Bones brand has cemented itself as a key mid-size player in the
casual dining space. From fiscal year 2019 to fiscal year 2023, Smokey Bones revenue has increased from $149.1 million to $172.3
million, representing a CAGR of 3.7%, and Smokey Bones AUVs have grown from $2.5 million to $2.8 million, representing a CAGR
of 2.9%.

Our
Growth Strategies

Grow
Our Twin Peaks Restaurant Base in the United States and Abroad

We
are in the early stages of fulfilling our total restaurant potential. We have a long track record of successful development of new restaurants
and a versatile real estate model that is built for growth. Based on our internal analysis and third-party research conducted by eSite
Analytics, we believe that there exists long-term potential for over 650 Twin Peaks restaurants in the United States. Additionally, based
on our internal analysis of the international footprints of other relevant restaurant concepts, we believe that the Twin Peaks brand
has the potential for a total of 250 additional restaurants internationally. We believe that the Twin Peaks brand and concept have proven
portability, with strong AUVs and returns on investment across a diverse range of geographic regions, population densities, and real
estate settings.

21

Grow
Number of Domestic and International Franchised Twin Peaks Restaurants with Existing and New Franchisees. We are aiming to
achieve our domestic restaurant potential by expanding in both existing and new markets. As of September 29, 2024, we have
an extensive domestic development pipeline of over 100 total commitments to open new franchised Twin Peaks restaurants. Our current
plan for franchised Twin Peaks restaurant openings in 2024 targets approximately six new franchised Twin Peaks restaurants,
five of which were opened during the first three quarters of 2024. Some of these planned new franchised Twin Peaks
restaurants will be conversions of current Smokey Bones restaurants into franchised Twin Peaks restaurants (see Twin
Peaks: The Ultimate Sports LodgeConversions of Smokey Bones Restaurants into Twin Peaks Restaurants above). Approximately
73% of our current franchise commitments for Twin Peaks restaurants are from existing franchisee partners with at least one
Twin Peaks restaurant currently in operation, which we believe is due to the attractiveness of the Twin Peaks concept, our restaurant
business model, as well as our positive franchisee relationships. We believe that our highly franchised business model provides a
platform for continued growth, as it allows us to focus on our core strengths of menu innovation, guest engagement, marketing, and
franchisee selection and support, while growing our restaurant presence and Twin Peaks brand recognition with limited capital investment
by us. We also believe that international growth presents a significant opportunity. We believe that, in addition to continued growth
of the Twin Peaks brand in Mexico, there is an opportunity to expand the Twin Peaks brand to Europe, Asia, Central and South America,
Canada, Africa, and Australia.

Strategically
Grow Company-Owned Twin Peaks Restaurants. As of September 29, 2024, we are currently aiming to open a total of nine
potential company-owned Twin Peaks restaurants within the next two years, some of which will be planned conversions of current
Smokey Bones restaurants into company-owned Twin Peaks restaurants (see Twin Peaks: The Ultimate Sports LodgeConversions
of Smokey Bones Restaurants into Twin Peaks restaurants above).

Continue
to Grow Comparable Restaurant Sales

Food
& Beverage Innovation. We seek to introduce innovative food and bar menu items that we believe align with evolving guest
preferences and broaden the appeal of our brands, and we will continue to explore menu offerings that aim to increase guest visits.
For example, in order to drive guest frequency and broaden the appeal of the menu at our Twin Peaks restaurants, we recently added
new, on-trend categories to the food menu, such as street tacos, flatbreads, and unique flavor changes to the wing sauces. Additionally,
we consistently modify and advance our bar menu to best serve a broad range of guests. Our team has exhibited a proven track record
of food and beverage innovation, which we believe can be leveraged to further drive Comparable Restaurant Sales growth.

Expand
Daypart Offerings. We believe that we have a significant opportunity to capitalize on underpenetrated daypart opportunities.
For example, we continue to drive growth at our Twin Peaks restaurants with our seasonal brunch menu (focused around early start
time sports), and at both our Twin Peaks restaurants and Smokey Bones restaurants we offer competitively priced lunch combo selections
and happy hour food and beverage selections. Our happy hour specials focus on both the traditional happy hour daypart to drive guest
count during periods of lower traffic, along with a late-night happy hour program to ensure that we are maximizing our sales and
profit opportunities through the close of business each night.

22

Expanded
Product Offerings. We have a strong PPA, at approximately $22.18 for Twin Peaks restaurants, and approximately $23.74 for
Smokey Bones restaurants, during fiscal year 2023. We continually look to find innovative new product offerings to retain and attract
customers and to grow the PPA at our restaurants. For example, our Twin Peaks restaurants have unique PPA sales drivers beyond traditional
appetizers and desserts, such as cigars and limited-time spirit offerings, including rare bourbon, whiskey and tequila barrel selections,
which add to aggregate check amounts and may drive restaurant visits for unique occasions. We also have ancillary buildouts that
we have implemented, and are continuing to explore, in select Twin Peaks restaurants, such as a Cigar Bar, a Speakeasy, a Top Golf
Swing Suite, and additional Man Cave seating for large parties.

Increase
Awareness of our Brands

We
believe that the strong consumer sentiment scores for both the Twin Peaks and Smokey Bones brands highlight the strength of our concepts
and their resonance with guests. We believe that we have a significant opportunity to leverage our favorable perception to expand the
visibility and awareness of our brands. Each new restaurant we open increases awareness of the particular brand and enables us to reach
more guests. In addition, we will continue to invest in marketing and advertising to drive guest frequency and overall visibility of
our brands. We introduce new marketing strategies through various channels, including social media, online, print, digital advertising
and radio, with the intent to drive broad awareness of our brands and customer traffic to our restaurants. We will also continue to harness
local marketing initiatives by developing media and marketing programs unique to a restaurants specific market, and by working
closely with our franchisees to maximize the effectiveness of these efforts. Simultaneously, we will continue to grow our digital presence
via social media and email marketing initiatives. For example, the waitstaff at our Twin Peaks restaurants often command large social
media followings across various platforms, which we believe provides a positive halo effect for the Twin Peaks brand, and drives additional
customer traffic to our Twin Peaks restaurants. We intend to drive repeat customer traffic in our restaurants by becoming our guests
preferred sports bar destination, and we believe that investments in targeted marketing initiatives that heighten this message and reinforce
our authenticity will continue to generate guest loyalty and promote brand advocacy.

Additionally,
Twin Peaks has established a national marketing fund (which we refer to as the Twin Peaks National Marketing Fund), which
is funded by contributions from both company-owned Twin Peaks restaurants and franchised Twin Peaks restaurants. All franchised Twin
Peaks restaurants are required to contribute 2.5% of gross sales to the Twin Peaks National Marketing Fund, and our company-owned Twin
Peaks restaurants currently also contribute this amount to the Twin Peaks National Marketing Fund as well. The Twin Peaks National Marketing
Fund has grown significantly in recent years as we have expanded our Twin Peaks restaurant footprint. Excluding rebates, annual collections
in the Twin Peaks National Marketing fund have grown by over 55% since 2019, with over $13 million collected in 2023. The growth of the
Twin Peaks National Marketing Fund allows us to aggressively grow the awareness of the Twin Peaks brand on both the national and local
scale, and we plan to continue leveraging this fund as our Twin Peaks restaurant system expands. We believe that the Twin Peaks National
Marketing Fund will continue to be critical in generating awareness and excitement around new Twin Peaks restaurant openings, as well
as driving System-Wide Sales growth across our restaurant system. We typically budget a portion of the Twin Peaks National Marketing
Fund to local media and marketing efforts, with the balance spent on a range of other marketing and advertising initiatives, such as
creative, production, website maintenance, and other activities.

Expand
Margins through Operating Leverage

Over
the last several years, we have invested in our corporate infrastructure to successfully support both our franchisees and company-owned
restaurants. Key areas of recent investment include innovative menu items, technology infrastructure, senior leadership, and other categories.
We believe that these investments will allow us to continue to drive operational efficiency across our business. We aim to leverage our
corporate cost base over time to enhance our margins, as we believe selling, general and administrative expenses will grow at a slower
rate than our restaurant base and revenue. By continuing to optimize our infrastructure and leveraging our scale efficiencies, we can
further enhance our profitability as we grow.

23

Continue
to Attract and Develop Great People

We
have an uncompromising focus on providing an unparalleled guest experience, which we believe starts with our employees. We and our franchisees
continually invest in our teams by employing passionate individuals who exemplify our brands at every level, from waitstaff to kitchen
staff to restaurant management. We aim to develop our employees by having comprehensive internal training and career advancement programs,
which result in a highly competent, empowered and well-compensated work force. We strive to maintain a work-place culture of respect,
inclusivity and support, ensuring that all employees are passionate about our shared goal of delivering an unmatched dining experience
and continuing to grow our respective brands. We believe that our focus on appropriately training and mentoring our team members and
inspiring them to focus on delivering a best-in-class guest experience translates directly into efficient restaurant-level operations,
as well as industry-leading guest satisfaction scores and return rates.

Explore
Acquisition of Complementary Brands

We
have developed a successful playbook spanning operations, training and marketing programs. We believe that other brands could benefit
by leveraging our robust and established infrastructure, and we are well-positioned to acquire complementary regional brands to further
expand our platform.

Our
Experienced Leadership Team

We
are led by a strong senior management team with a combined eight decades of experience in the full-service dining sector and franchising
industry. Our strategic vision is set by our Chief Executive Officer, Joseph Hummel, who has more than 25 years of industry experience.
Our leadership team understands our unique segment of the restaurant industry and brings years of relevant experience leading our business
to attain profitable and effective operational objectives. Our leadership team is the most important driver of our success and has positioned
us well for long-term growth. We believe that our track record of success and expansion, combined with our internal platform for career
development and advancement opportunities available to all employees, will allow us to continue to attract and retain exceptional talent.

Summary
Risk Factors

We
are subject to a number of risks, including risks that may prevent us from achieving our business objectives or that may adversely affect
our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, and/or prospects. You should carefully consider all of information
presented in the section entitled Risk Factors. Some of the principal risks related to our business include the following:

If
we fail to successfully implement our growth strategy, which includes opening new domestic and international company-owned restaurants
and franchised restaurants on a timely basis, our ability to increase our revenues could be materially and adversely affected.

Our
business, results of operations, and financial condition are closely tied to the success of our franchisees and our franchised restaurants.

If
we fail to identify, recruit and contract with a sufficient number of qualified franchisees, our ability to open new franchised restaurants
and increase our revenues could be materially and adversely affected. 

Our
franchisees could take actions that could harm our business, including by not accurately reporting sales. 

The
full-service restaurant industry in which we operate is highly competitive. 

Our
success depends substantially on our corporate reputation and on the value, perception and recognition of the Twin Peaks brand and
Smokey Bones brand, and the value of our brands may be harmed or diluted through franchisee and third-party activity. 

24

Our
plans to open new restaurants, and the ongoing need for capital expenditures at our existing company-owned restaurants, require us
to spend capital. 

The
number of new franchised restaurants that actually open in the future may differ materially from the number of signed commitments
from potential existing and new franchisees. 

Our
success depends in part upon effective advertising and marketing campaigns, which may not be successful, and franchisee support of
such advertising and marketing campaigns.

You
should not rely on past increases in our same store sales or our AUVs as an indication of our future results of operations because
they may fluctuate significantly. 

We have significant outstanding indebtedness under the Twin Securitization Notes, which will require that we generate sufficient
cash flow to satisfy the payment and other obligations under the terms of our indebtedness and will expose us to the risk of default
and other remedies thereunder. 

Our
business is subject to extensive federal, state, local, and foreign regulations, including alcoholic beverage and food service regulations,
and we may incur additional costs or liabilities as a result of government regulation of our company-owned restaurants and franchised
restaurants. 

The
dual class structure of our Common Stock has the effect of concentrating voting control with FAT Brands, as FAT Brands will own all
of the shares of our Class B Common Stock and will control approximately 98.6%
of the total voting power of the outstanding shares of our Common Stock immediately following the Spin-Off. This will limit or preclude
your ability to influence matters requiring stockholder approval. 

Until
the Spin-Off occurs, FAT Brands has sole discretion to change the terms of the Spin-Off in
ways that may be unfavorable to us, and FAT Brands may fail to perform under the transaction
agreements that will be executed as part of the Spin-Off.

We
may be unable to achieve some or all of the benefits that we expect to achieve from the Spin-Off, and the Spin-Off may materially
and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.

No
market for our Class A Common Stock currently exists and an active trading market for our Class A Common Stock may never develop
or be sustained after the Spin-Off-. Following the Spin-Off, the market price of our Class A Common Stock may fluctuate
significantly.

The
Reorganization and the Spin-Off

The
Twin Group was acquired by FAT Brands in October 2021, and prior to the Reorganization as described below, the Twin Group was comprised
of a number of companies that were wholly-owned subsidiaries of FAT Brands, with all of the outstanding equity interests in the Twin
Group beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by FAT Brands. In connection with the Spin-Off, and pursuant to the Master Separation
and Distribution Agreement, we and FAT Brands will complete a series of separation and reorganization transactions, as described below,
whereby the Twin Group will be transferred to our Company. We refer to such separation and reorganization transactions as the Reorganization.
The Reorganization includes, or will include, the following:

On
February 6, 2024, FAT Brands formed our Company, Twin Hospitality Group Inc., as a Delaware corporation, in connection with the Spin-Off.

In
November 2024, FAT Brands Twin Peaks I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, filed an amendment to its certificate of
formation to change its name to Twin Hospitality I, LLC, which is the top tier company in the Twin Group (which we
refer to as the Top Tier Twin Subsidiary).

In
November 2024, we and FAT Brands entered into a Sale and Contribution Agreement, pursuant to which FAT Brands sold and contributed
to us all of the equity interests in the Top Tier Twin Subsidiary, such that following such sale and contribution, the Top Tier Twin
Subsidiary, along with all of the other companies in the Twin Group, became direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries of our Company
(see also Certain Relationships and Related Party TransactionsHistorical Relationship Between the Twin Group and
FAT BrandsSale and Contribution Agreement).

In
November 2024, the Top Tier Twin Subsidiary called and redeemed all of the Prior Securitization Notes, using the net proceeds from
the issuance of the new Twin Securitization Notes. See also Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of OperationsLiquidity and Capital ResourcesPrior Securitization NotesCall and Redemption of the
Prior Securitization Notes and Description of Certain IndebtednessTwin Securitization Notes.

On
December 16, 2024, we filed our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, which authorizes 100,000,000 shares of Class
A Common Stock, and 2,870,000 shares of Class B Common Stock.

In
December 2024, our Board of Directors approved and adopted, and our stockholders approved, our Amended and Restated Bylaws.

Prior
to the Spin-Off:

25

we
and FAT Brands will enter into the Master Separation and Distribution Agreement, pursuant to which FAT Brands will exchange all
5,000 shares of Class A Common Stock that it currently holds (representing 100% of the issued and outstanding capital stock of our
Company) for 47,298,271 shares of Class A Common Stock and 2,870,000 shares
of Class B Common Stock, which will be issued by us to FAT Brands (see also Certain Relationships and Related Party
TransactionsAgreements to be Entered into with FAT Brands in Connection with the ReorganizationMaster Separation and
Distribution Agreement); and

we
and FAT Brands will enter into the Tax Matters Agreement, as described under Certain Relationships and Related Party TransactionsAgreements
to be Entered into with FAT Brands in Connection with the ReorganizationTax Matters Agreement.

For
additional information regarding the Reorganization and the Spin-Off, see the sections entitled Reorganization and
The Spin-Off.

Organizational
Structure Following the Reorganization and the Spin-Off

Immediately
following the consummation of the Reorganization and the Spin-Off:

we
will be a holding company directly owning all of the outstanding equity interests in the Top Tier Twin Subsidiary, and indirectly
owning all of the outstanding equity interests in the other companies in the Twin Group, such that all of the companies in the Twin
Group will be direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries of our Company;

(i)
47,298,271 shares of our Class A Common Stock, and (ii) 2,870,000 shares of our Class
B Common Stock, will be issued and outstanding

we
expect that FAT Brands will hold (i) 44,571,771
shares of our Class A Common Stock, and (ii) all of the 2,870,000 outstanding shares of our Class B Common Stock;

we
expect that the FAT Brands Common Stockholders receiving
shares of our Class A Common Stock in the Spin-Off will hold 2,726,500 shares of our Class A Common Stock; and

we
expect that the total voting power of our Common
Stock will be held as follows: (i) FAT Brands will hold approximately 98.6%
of the total voting power of our Common Stock, and (ii) the FAT Brands Common Stockholders receiving shares of our Class A Common
Stock in the Spin-Off will hold approximately 1.4% of the
total voting power of our Common Stock.

26

Organizational
Structure

The
following diagram shows our organizational structure immediately after the completion of the Reorganization and the Spin-Off:

* Percentages
reflect total voting power of our Common Stock.

Our
Relationship with FAT Brands

FAT
Brands will be our Controlling Stockholder

Immediately
following the Reorganization and the Spin-Off, FAT Brands will hold (a) an expected 44,571,771 shares of our Class A Common Stock,
and (b) all of the 2,870,000 outstanding shares of our Class B Common Stock, which in the aggregate represents approximately
98.6% of the total voting power of our Common Stock. Accordingly, as long as FAT Brands continues to control more than 50% of
the total voting power of our Common Stock, FAT Brands will be able to control the outcome of any action requiring the general approval
of our stockholders, including the election of all the members of our Board of Directors, and the adoption of certain amendments to our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation (which we refer to as our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation)
and our amended and restated bylaws (which we refer to as our Amended and Restated Bylaws). Similarly, FAT Brands will
have the power to (i) determine matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders without the consent of our other stockholders, (ii) prevent
a change in control of our Company, and (iii) take other actions that might be favorable to FAT Brands, in each case, including by written
consent without a meeting and without prior notice to other shareholders. As a result, FAT Brands controlling interest may discourage
a change of control in our Company that the holders of our Class A Common Stock may favor. See Risk FactorsRisks Related
to our Organizational StructureThe dual class structure of our Common Stock has the effect of concentrating voting control with
FAT Brands, as FAT Brands will own all of the shares of our Class B Common Stock and will control approximately 98.6% of the total
voting power of the outstanding shares of our Common Stock immediately following the Spin-Off. This will limit or preclude your ability
to influence matters requiring stockholder approval.

27

FAT
Brands is not subject to any contractual obligation to retain any of the shares of our Common Stock that it holds.

Agreements
Between our Company and FAT Brands

In
connection with the Reorganization and the Spin-Off, we and FAT Brands will enter into the (i) Master Separation and Distribution Agreement,
and (ii) Tax Matters Agreement. The terms of these agreements have been determined by us and FAT Brands in preparation for the Reorganization
and the Spin-Off, and are intended to be consistent with the terms that we could have negotiated with unaffiliated third parties. However,
they may actually be more or less favorable. For a description of these agreements and the other arrangements and transactions that we
will enter into with FAT Brands, see the section entitled Certain Relationships and Related Party TransactionsAgreements
to be Entered into with FAT Brands in Connection with the Reorganization.

Overlap
of Certain Directors and Management

Two
of our directors, Lynne Collier and James Ellis, also serve as directors of FAT Brands, and our Chief Financial Officer, Kenneth
J. Kuick, is also the co-chief executive officer and chief financial officer of FAT Brands. See ManagementExecutive
Officers and Non-Executive Directors and ManagementOverlap of Certain Directors and Management.
For a description of the treatment of related party transactions and corporate opportunities where a director or officer of our Company
also serves as a director or officer of FAT Brands, see the sections entitled Certain Relationships and Related Party TransactionsRelated
Party Transactions Policies and Procedures and Description of Capital StockProvisions of our Amended and
Restated Certificate of Incorporation Relating to Related Person Transactions and Corporate Opportunities.

Board Observer Rights

Under the Master Separation and Distribution Agreement
we will enter into with FAT Brands in connection with the Reorganization and the Spin-Off, for so long as FAT Brands or its affiliates
beneficially owns at least 10% of the outstanding shares of our Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock, FAT Brands will have the
right to appoint two individuals to attend meetings of our Board of Directors in a non-voting observer capacity. See ManagementBoard
of DirectorsBoard Observer Rights of FAT Brands and Certain Relationships and Related Party TransactionsAgreements
to be Entered into with FAT Brands in Connection with the ReorganizationMaster Separation and Distribution AgreementBoard
Observer Rights.

Potential
FAT Brands Distribution

FAT
Brands has informed us that, following the Spin-Off, it may make one or more subsequent additional distributions to its
stockholders of all or a portion of the shares of our Common Stock that it holds, which may include distributions effected
as a dividend to stockholders of FAT Brands (which we refer to as the Potential FAT Brands Distribution). While FAT Brands
may decide to effect the Potential FAT Brands Distribution in the future, FAT Brands has no obligation to pursue or consummate any future
dispositions of the shares of our Common Stock that it holds, including through the Potential FAT Brands Distribution, by any specified
date or at all. If pursued, the Potential FAT Brands Distribution may be subject to various conditions, all of which will be waivable
by FAT Brands in its sole discretion, including receipt by FAT Brands of any necessary regulatory or other approvals, the existence of
satisfactory market conditions, and the receipt by FAT Brands of a private letter ruling from the Internal Revenue Service (which we
refer to as the IRS) and an opinion of tax counsel to the effect that such Potential FAT Brands Distribution would be tax-free
to FAT Brands and its stockholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Even if such conditions are satisfied, FAT Brands may decide
not to consummate the Potential FAT Brands Distribution, or even if such conditions are not satisfied, FAT Brands may decide to waive
one or more of such conditions and consummate the Potential FAT Brands Distribution.

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, see ReorganizationArrangements with respect to the Shares of Class A Common Stock held by FAT Brands
for a description of certain arrangements with respect to the shares of our Class A Common Stock held by FAT Brands that affect the ability
of FAT Brands to dividend or distribute the shares of our Class A Common Stock held by it under certain circumstances.

The
Potential FAT Brands Distribution is not being effected pursuant to the Registration Statement on Form 10, of which this Information
Statement is a part.

Channels
for Disclosure of Information

Following
the Spin-Off, we intend to announce material information to the public through filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (which
we refer to as the SEC), the investor relations page on our website (www.twinpeaksrestaurant.com/investors), press releases,
public conference calls, and public webcasts. The information disclosed through the foregoing channels could be deemed to be material
information. As such, we encourage our stockholders, investors, the media, and others to follow the channels listed above and to review
the information disclosed through such channels. Any updates to the list of disclosure channels through which we will announce information
will be posted on the investor relations page on our website.

28

Corporate
Information

Twin
Hospitality Group Inc. was incorporated as a Delaware corporation on February 6, 2024 in anticipation of the Reorganization and the Spin-Off.
We are a holding company and all of our business operations are conducted through our subsidiaries. Our corporate headquarters are located
at 5151 Belt Line Road, Suite 1200, Dallas, Texas 75254. Our main telephone number is (972) 941-3150. Our principal Internet website
address is www.twinpeaksrestaurant.com. The information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not incorporated
by reference in this Information Statement, and you should not consider any information contained on, or that can be accessed through,
our website as part of this Information Statement.

Implications
of Being an Emerging Growth Company and a Smaller Reporting Company 

Emerging
Growth Company Status

We
qualify as an emerging growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (which we refer to
as the JOBS Act). We will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest of (i) the last day of the fiscal year following
the fifth anniversary of the completion of the Spin-Off, (ii) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenue
of at least $1.235 billion, (iii) the last day of the fiscal year on which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (which we refer to as the Exchange Act), which means the market value
of the shares of our Common Stock that are held by non-affiliates exceeds $700.0 million as of the end of the second quarter of that
fiscal year), or (iv) the date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year
period.

An
emerging growth company may take advantage of reduced reporting and other requirements that are otherwise applicable generally to reporting
companies that make filings with the SEC. For so long as we remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required to, among other
things:

present
more than two years of audited financial statements and two years of related selected financial information and managements
discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations disclosure in our Registration Statement on Form 10, of
which this Information Statement is a part;

have
an auditor report on our internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
as amended (which we refer to as the Sarbanes-Oxley Act);

comply
with any requirement that may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditors
report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (i.e., an auditor discussion and analysis);

submit
certain executive compensation matters, such as say-on-pay, say-on-frequency and say-on-golden
parachutes, to our stockholders for non-binding advisory votes; and

disclose
certain executive compensation related items, such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance, and a comparison
of our Chief Executive Officers compensation to the median compensation of our employees.

We
have elected to adopt the reduced disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies. As a result of these elections, the
information that we provide in this Information Statement may be different from the information you may receive from other public companies
in which you hold securities. If some investors find our Class A Common Stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active
trading market for our Class A Common Stock and the market price of our Class A Common Stock may be more volatile.

29

The
JOBS act also permits emerging growth companies to take advantage of an extended transition period to comply with new or revised accounting
standards applicable to public companies. We have elected to opt-in to this extended transition period for complying with
new or revised accounting standards, and intend to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective
dates for public and private companies until those standards apply to private companies. Therefore, we will not be subject to the same
new or revised accounting standards at the same time as other public companies that comply with such new or revised accounting standards
on a non-delayed basis. As a result, our consolidated financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public
company effective dates.

Smaller
Reporting Company Status

We
also qualify as a smaller reporting company, as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (which
we refer to as the Securities Act). We will continue to be a smaller reporting company so long as either (i) the market
value of our securities held by non-affiliates is less than $250 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second
fiscal quarter, or (ii) our annual revenue was less than $100 million during our most recently completed fiscal year and the market value
of the shares of our Common Stock held by non-affiliates is less than $700 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed
second fiscal quarter. If we continue to qualify as a smaller reporting company at the time we cease to be an emerging growth company,
we may continue to rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements that are available to smaller reporting companies. In particular,
for so long as we remain a smaller reporting company, we (i) may choose to present only the two most recent fiscal years of audited financial
statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, and (ii) have reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation.

See
also Risk FactorsRisks Related to our Class A Common StockWe are an emerging growth company and
a smaller reporting company, and comply with reduced reporting requirements applicable to emerging growth companies and
smaller reporting companies, which may make our Class A Common Stock less attractive to investors.

Controlled
Company Exemptions

Immediately
following the Reorganization and the Spin-Off, FAT Brands will own (i) an expected 44,571,771 shares of our Class A Common
Stock, and (ii) all of the 2,870,000 outstanding shares of our Class B Common Stock. Our Class B Common Stock is entitled to 50
votes per share, and our Class A Common Stock is entitled to one vote per share. Because of the 50-to-1 voting ratio between
our Class B Common Stock and our Class A Common Stock, immediately following the Spin-Off, FAT Brands will hold approximately 98.6% of
the total voting power of the outstanding shares of our Common Stock, and, as a result, will have the ability to control the outcome
of matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election of all the members of our Board of Directors and the
approval of significant corporate transactions. Under the corporate governance rules of Nasdaq, a company is deemed to be a
controlled company if more than 50% of the voting power for the election of directors is held by an individual, group
or another company. As such, we expect to be a controlled company within the meaning of such Nasdaq rules, as FAT
Brands will continue to control a majority of the total voting power of the outstanding shares of our Common Stock.

30

A
controlled company may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including the requirements that,
within one year of the date of the listing of our Class A Common Stock: 

we
have a board of directors that is composed of a majority of independent directors, as defined under the listing rules
of Nasdaq (which we refer to as the Nasdaq Listing Rules); 

we
have a compensation committee that is composed entirely of independent directors; 

we
have a nominating and corporate governance committee that is composed entirely of independent directors; and

the
compensation of our Chief Executive Officer must be determined or recommended solely by independent directors.

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, we do not currently intend to rely on any of the controlled company exemptions provided under the Nasdaq
Listing Rules following the completion of the Spin-Off. See
ManagementControlled Company Exemptions.

Furthermore, see ReorganizationArrangements
with respect to the Shares of Class A Common Stock held by FAT Brands for a description of certain arrangements with respect
to the shares of our Class A Common Stock held by FAT Brands that affect the ability of FAT Brands to vote, dispose of, or otherwise
exercise investment power over the shares of our Class A Common Stock held by it under certain circumstances.

31

SUMMARY
HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED AND PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED 

FINANCIAL INFORMATION AND OTHER DATA

The
following tables set forth a summary of our historical consolidated and unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information.
Our summary audited historical consolidated statements of operations information and consolidated statements of cash flows information
for the years ended December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022, and our related summary audited historical consolidated balance sheets information
as of December 31, 2023, have been derived from the audited historical consolidated financial statements of the Twin Group as of and
for the years ended December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022, prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our summary unaudited historical condensed
consolidated statements of operations information and condensed consolidated statements of cash flows information for the thirty-nine
weeks ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023, and our related summary unaudited historical condensed consolidated
balance sheet information as of September 29, 2024, have been derived from the unaudited historical condensed consolidated financial
statements of the Twin Group as of September 29, 2024 and for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 and
September 24, 2023, prepared in accordance with GAAP. The Twin Group is the predecessor of Twin Hospitality Group Inc. for financial
reporting purposes. The summary historical consolidated financial information and other data of Twin Hospitality Group Inc. have not
been presented, as Twin Hospitality Group Inc. is a newly incorporated entity, has had no operations or business activities to date,
and had no assets or liabilities during the periods presented below.

Our
summary unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information has been derived from the information contained in the section entitled
Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information, and, as noted below, reflect (i) the Smokey Bones
Acquisition and (ii) the Smokey Bones Acquisition, the Reorganization, and the Spin-Off collectively (which we refer to collectively
as the Pro Forma Transactions).

You
should read the following summary our historical consolidated and pro forma condensed combined financial information in conjunction with,
and it is qualified in its entirety by reference to, the audited consolidated financial statements of the Twin Group as of and for the
years ended December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022 and the related notes thereto, the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements
of the Twin Group as of September 29, 2024 and for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 and September
24, 2023 and the related notes thereto, the audited financial statements of Barbeque Integrated, Inc. as of and for the years ended
December 31, 2023 and January 1, 2023 and the related notes thereto, and the sections entitled Capitalization, Unaudited
Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information, and Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations, each of which are included elsewhere in this Information Statement.

Our
summary historical consolidated and unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information for the periods presented below are
not necessarily indicative of our future performance as a stand-alone public company or the results to be expected for any future periods.

32

Unaudited

Pro Forma

(reflecting the

Pro Forma 

Transactions) Derived from Unaudited Financial Statements 

Unaudited

Pro Forma

(reflecting the

Pro Forma

Transactions) 

Unaudited

Pro Forma

(reflecting the

Smokey Bones

Acquisition) 

Derived from

Audited 

Financial Statements 

(dollars in thousands) 39 Weeks 

Ended 39 Weeks 

Ended Year 

Ended Year 

Ended Year 

Ended 

September 29,

2024 

September 29,

2024 

September 24,

2023 December 31,

2023 

December 31,

2023 

December 31,

2023 

December 25,

2022 

Consolidated Statements of Operations Information: 

Revenue: 

Company-owned restaurant sales $ 242,594 $ 242,594 $ 114,036 $ 329,016 $ 329,016 $ 199,369 $ 140,639 

Franchise revenue 24,726 24,726 22,596 31,498 31,498 31,498 25,217 

Total revenue $ 267,320 $ 267,320 $ 136,632 $ 360,514 $ 360,514 $ 230,867 $ 165,856 

Costs and expenses: 

Restaurant operating costs 

Food and beverage costs $ 66,167 $ 66,167 $ 30.158 $ 89,345 $ 89,345 $ 53,512 $ 39,200 

Labor and benefits costs 77,798 77,798 35,963 103,921 103,921 64,024 43,941 

Other operating costs 50,073 50,073 20,703 67,426 67,426 37,722 25,110 

Occupancy costs 19,872 19,872 6,634 24,236 24,236 13,112 8,063 

Advertising expenses 15,080 15,080 11,204 19,533 19,533 16,792 12,690 

Pre-opening expenses(1) 935 935 577 1,136 1,136 1,136 900 

General and administrative expense 21,160 21,160 10,400 26,368 26,368 19,252 15,818 

Depreciation and amortization 17,500 17,500 7,156 19,848 19,848 12,377 8,458 

Total costs and expenses $ 268,585 $ 268,585 $ 122,795 $ 351,813 $ 351,813 $ 217,927 $ 154,180 

Income from operations $ (1,265 ) $ (1,265 ) $ 13,837 $ 8,701 $ 8,701 $ 12,940 $ 11,676 

Other expense, net: 

Interest expense, net $ (32,755 ) $ (35,029 ) $ (19,435 ) $ (44,733 ) $ (31,625 ) $ (29,714 ) $ (24,508 )

Other income (expense), net 114 114 526 1,143 1,143 2,704 61 

Total other expense, net $ (32,641 ) $ (34,915 ) $ (18,909 ) $ (43,590 ) $ (30,482 ) $ (27,010 ) $ (24,447 )

Income tax provision (benefit) 581 (10 ) (4,835 ) (1,427 ) (230 ) 

Net income (loss) $ (34,487 ) $ (36,170 ) $ (5,072 ) $ (30,054 ) $ (20,354 ) $ (13,840 ) $ (12,771 )

(1) Pre-opening
expenses are expenses incurred in connection with the opening of new company-owned restaurants, and include pre-opening rent expense
(which is recognized during the period between the date of possession of the restaurant facility and the restaurant opening date),
manager salaries, recruiting expenses, employee payroll, and training costs. Pre-opening expenses can fluctuate from period to period,
based on the number and timing of new company-owned restaurant openings.

33

Unaudited

Pro Forma

(reflecting the

Pro Forma

Transactions) 

Derived from

Unaudited

Financial Statements 

Derived from

Audited

Financial

Statements 

(dollars in thousands) 

As of

September 29, 2024 

As of

September 29, 2024 

As of

December 31, 2023 

Consolidated Balance Sheets Information: 

Cash and cash equivalents $ 7,942 $ 7,942 $ 4,491 

Total assets $ 583,493 $ 567,101 $ 565,582 

Total long-term debt, including current portion $ 416,305 $ 397,598 $ 343,881 

Total liabilities $ 635,121 $ 618,729 $ 581,093 

Total equity $ (51,628 ) $ (51,628 ) $ (15,511 )

Derived from Unaudited Financial
Statements 

Derived
from

Audited 

Financial
Statements 

39 Weeks 

Ended Year 

Ended 

(dollars in thousands) 

September
29,

2024 

September
24,

2023 

December
31,

2023 

December
25,

2022 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Information: 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities $ (7,629 ) $ 9,024 $ 6,045 $ (6,157 )

Net cash used in investing activities (20,306 ) (11,334 ) (14,614 ) (6,377 )

Net cash provided by financing activities 33,357 7,680 15,744 6,415 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and restricted cash $ 5,422 5,370 $ 7,175 $ (6,119 )

Unaudited
Historical Unaudited
Historical 

39
Weeks

Ended 

Year

Ended 

(dollars in thousands) 

September 29,

2024 

September 24,

2023 

December
31,

2023 

December
25,

2022 

Key
Performance Indicators and Other Non-GAAP Financial Metrics: 

Twin Peaks AUV(2) $ 5,130 $ 5,272 $ 5,288 $ 5,266 

Smokey Bones AUV(2) $ 2,766 $ $ 2,825 $ 

Comparable Restaurant Sales(2)(3) (3.9 )% 0.5 % (0.2 )% 10.9 %

System-Wide Sales(2) $ 425,009 $ 395,305 $ 583,388 $ 474,218 

Number of System-Wide Restaurants
(as of the end of the period)(2) 172 105 170 98 

Adjusted EBITDA(4) $ 16,560 $ 21,771 $ 28,333 $ 20,886 

Net loss margin (13.5 )% (3.7 )% (6.0 )% (7.7 )%

Adjusted EBITDA Margin(4) 6.2 % 15.9 % 12.3 % 12.6 %

Restaurant-Level Contribution(5) $ 21,145 $ 16,279 $ 23,755 $ 19,905 

Restaurant-Level Contribution
Margin(5) 8.7 % 14.3 % 11.9 % 14.2 %

(2) Our
management uses these key performance indicators to make decisions, establish our business plans and forecasts, identify trends affecting
our business, and evaluate our overall performance. Such key performance indicators are also typically used by our competitors in
the restaurant industry, but are not recognized under GAAP. See the section entitled Managements Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of OperationsKey Performance Indicators for a description, including
definitions, of such key performance indicators.

(3) Comparable
Restaurant Sales include sales only from our Twin Peaks restaurants, as our Smokey Bones restaurants will only be included in our
comparable restaurant base for purposes of the calculation of Comparable Restaurant Sales after we have owned the Smokey Bones restaurants
for 18 full months.

(4) Adjusted
EBITDA represents net income (loss) adjusted to exclude interest expense, income tax provision (benefit), and depreciation and amortization,
and further adjusted to exclude equity-based compensation. Adjusted EBITDA Margin is Adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of total revenues.

34

We
present Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin in this Information Statement as supplemental measures of financial performance
that are not required by, or presented in accordance with, GAAP. Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin are not recognized terms
under GAAP and should not be considered as alternatives to net income (loss) or net income (loss) margin, the most directly comparable
measures under GAAP, as measures of financial performance, or cash provided by operating activities as measures of liquidity, or
any other performance measure derived in accordance with GAAP. These non-GAAP financial metrics are not intended to be measures of
free cash flow available for our managements discretionary use, as these metrics do not consider certain cash requirements
such as interest payments, tax payments, and debt service requirements. 

Our
management uses Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin, as supplements to GAAP measures of performance, to evaluate the effectiveness
of our business strategies, make budgeting decisions, and compare our performance against that of other peer companies that use similar
metrics.

See
the section entitled Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of OperationsNon-GAAP
Financial MetricsAdjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin for a further description of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted
EBITDA Margin, including our managements use of such metrics and the limitations of such metrics as analytical tools.

The
following table provides a reconciliation of net income (loss) and net income (loss) margin, the most directly comparable GAAP measures,
to Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin, respectively, for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 and
September 24, 2023, and the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022. In
evaluating Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin, you should be aware that, in the future, we may incur expenses similar to
those adjusted for in the following reconciliation.

Thirty-Nine
Weeks Ended Year
Ended 

(dollars
in thousands) 

September
29,

2024 

September
24,

2023 December
31, 

2023 December
25, 

2022 

Net income (loss) $ (36,170 ) $ (5,072 ) $ (13,840 ) $ (12,771 )

Interest expense 35,029 19,435 29,714 24,508 

Income tax provision (benefit) (10 ) (230 ) 

Depreciation
and amortization 17,500 7,156 12,377 8,458 

EBITDA 16,349 21,519 28,021 20,195 

Equity-based
compensation 211 252 312 691 

Adjusted
EBITDA $ 16,560 $ 21,771 $ 28,333 $ 20,886 

Total revenues $ 267,320 $ 136,632 $ 230,687 $ 165,856 

Net loss margin (13.5 )% (3.7 )% (6.0 )% (7.7 )%

Adjusted
EBITDA Margin 6.2 % 15.9 % 12.3 % 12.6 %

(5) Restaurant-Level
Contribution represents company-owned restaurant sales less restaurant operating costs, which consist of food and beverage costs,
labor and benefits costs and other operating costs. Restaurant-Level Contribution Margin represents Restaurant-Level Contribution
as a percentage of company-owned restaurant sales.

35

We
present Restaurant-Level Contribution and Restaurant-Level Contribution Margin in this Information Statement as supplemental measures
of financial performance that are not required by, or presented in accordance with, GAAP. Restaurant-Level Contribution and Restaurant-Level
Contribution Margin are not recognized terms under GAAP and should not be considered as alternatives to income from operations, the
most directly comparable measure under GAAP, as measures of financial performance, or cash provided by operating activities as measures
of liquidity, or any other performance measure derived in accordance with GAAP. These non-GAAP financial metrics are not intended
to be measures of free cash flow available for our managements discretionary use, as these metrics do not consider certain
cash requirements such as interest payments, tax payments, and debt service requirements. Additionally, these non-GAAP financial
metrics exclude general and administrative expenses, pre-opening expenses, and depreciation and amortization on restaurant property
and equipment, which are essential to support the operations and development of our company-owned restaurants.

Our
management uses these non-GAAP financial metrics, as supplements to GAAP measures, to evaluate the profitability of sales at our
company-owned restaurants, compare the performance of our company-owned restaurants across periods, and compare the financial performance
of our company-owned restaurants against that of other peer companies that use similar metrics.

See
the section entitled Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of OperationsNon-GAAP
Financial MetricsRestaurant-Level Contribution and Restaurant-Level Contribution Margin for a further description
of Restaurant-Level Contribution and Restaurant-Level Contribution Margin, including our managements use of such metrics.

The
following table provides a reconciliation of income from operations, the most directly comparable GAAP measure, to Restaurant-Level
Contribution for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023, and the years ended
December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022.
Restaurant-Level Contribution Margin represents Restaurant-Level Contribution as a percentage of company-owned restaurant sales.

Thirty-Nine
Weeks Ended Year
Ended 

(dollars
in thousands) September
29,

2024 September
24,

2023 December
31, 

2023 December
25, 

2022 

Income from operations $ (1,265 ) $ 13,837 $ 12,940 $ 11,676 

Less: 

Royalties, franchise fees,
management fees, and other income (17,185 ) (15,691 ) (21,950 ) (16,947 )

Plus: 

General and administrative
expense 21,160 10,400 19,252 15,818 

Depreciation and amortization 17,500 7,156 12,377 8,458 

Pre-opening
expenses(1) 935 577 1,136 900 

Restaurant-Level
Contribution $ 21,145 $ 16,279 $ 23,755 $ 19,905 

Restaurant sales $ 242,594 $ 114,036 $ 199,369 $ 140,639 

Restaurant-Level
Contribution Margin 8.7 % 14.3 % 11.9 % 14.2 %

(1) See
footnote (1) above.

36

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

Various
statements contained in this Information Statement, including those that express a belief, expectation or intention, as well as those
that are not statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements may include projections
and estimates concerning our possible or assumed future results of operations, financial condition, business strategies and plans, market
opportunity, competitive position, industry environment, and potential growth opportunities. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking
statements by terms such as may, will, should, believe, expect,
could, intend, plan, anticipate, estimate, continue,
predict, project, potential, target, goal or other words that convey
the uncertainty of future events or outcomes. You can also identify forward-looking statements by discussions of strategy, plans or intentions.
We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and assumptions about future events. While our management
considers these expectations and assumptions to be reasonable, because forward-looking statements relate to matters that have not yet
occurred, they are inherently subject to significant business, competitive, economic, regulatory and other risks, contingencies and uncertainties,
most of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control. These and other important factors, including, among
others, those discussed in this Information Statement in the sections entitled Risk Factors, Managements
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Business, may cause our
actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied
by the forward-looking statements in this Information Statement. Some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially
from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements in this Information Statement include:

our
ability to implement growth strategies;

our
ability to open new franchised restaurants;

the
number of franchised restaurants that actually open may materially differ from the number of signed commitments;

opening
new restaurants in existing markets may negatively affect sales at existing restaurants in the same markets;

our
business is closely tied to the success of our franchisees and franchised restaurants;

the
actions of our franchisees, including not accurately reporting sales;

competition
from other restaurants;

the
success of our advertising and marketing campaigns;

the
perception and recognition of our brands and corporate reputation may be harmed through third-party activities;

our
ongoing need for capital expenditures requires us to spend capital;

our
ability to raise additional capital in the future; 

our
current and future indebtedness;

interruptions
or shortages in the supply chain;

effects
of labor shortages.

food
safety and other health concerns may materially affect our business;

37

compliance
with environmental, health and safety laws;

violations
of antibribery or anticorruption laws;

our
business activities subject us to litigation;

failure
to protect our intellectual property;

failure
to protect customers data and other personal information;

increased
costs or liabilities as a result of government regulations;

our
dependence on key executive management;

disruptions
from a pandemic, epidemic or outbreak, such as COVID-19;

past
measures of AUVs and System-Wide Sales are not an indication of future results; and

control
of our Company by FAT Brands. 

Given
the foregoing risks and uncertainties, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements in this Information
Statement. The forward-looking statements contained in this Information Statement are not guarantees of future performance, and our actual
results of operations and financial condition may differ materially from such forward-looking statements. In addition, even if our results
of operations and financial condition are consistent with the forward-looking statements in this Information Statement, they may not
be predictive of results or developments in future periods. You should evaluate all forward-looking statements made in this Information
Statement in the context of these risks and uncertainties.

Additionally,
statements such as we believe and other similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These
statements are based upon information available to us as of the date of this Information Statement, and while we believe such information
forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to
indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements
are inherently uncertain, and you are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements.

All
written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us, or persons acting on our behalf, are expressly qualified in their entirety
by these cautionary statements, as well as other cautionary statements that are made from time to time in our other SEC filings and our
public communications. We caution you that the important factors referenced above may not contain all of the factors that are important
to you. The forward-looking statements included in this Information Statement are made only as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation
to update or revise any forward-looking statement as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as otherwise required
by law.

38

RISK
FACTORS

You
should carefully consider the risks described below, as well as the other information contained in this Information Statement, including
Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, our consolidated financial
statements and the related notes thereto, and the audited financial statements of Barbeque Integrated, Inc. as of and for the years ended
December 31, 2023 and January 1, 2023 and the related notes thereto. If any of the following risks or uncertainties actually occur, our
business, results of operations, cash flow, financial condition, and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In such a
case, the market price of our Class A Common Stock could decline. The risks discussed below are not the only risks we face. Additional
risks or uncertainties not currently known to us, or that we currently deem immaterial, may also have a material adverse effect on our
business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, or prospects. Some statements in this Information Statement, including
certain statements in the following risk factors, constitute forward-looking statements. See Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements.

Risks
Related to our Business Operations

If
we fail to successfully implement our growth strategy, which includes opening new domestic and international company-owned restaurants
and franchised restaurants on a timely basis, our ability to increase our revenues could be materially and adversely affected.

A
significant component of our growth strategy includes the opening of new domestic and international company-owned restaurants and franchised
restaurants. While we believe there is opportunity for our brands to grow in existing markets and new markets over the long term, we
cannot predict a specific level of growth in existing markets and new markets, the time period we can achieve such growth, or whether
we will achieve any level of growth at all in existing markets or new markets. We and our franchisees face many challenges associated
with opening new restaurants, including:

identification
and availability of suitable restaurant locations with the appropriate size, visibility, traffic patterns, local residential neighborhood,
retail and business attractions and infrastructure that will drive high levels of customer traffic and sales per restaurant;

competition
with other restaurants and retail concepts for potential restaurant sites, as well as competition with anticipated commercial, residential
and infrastructure development near new or potential restaurants;

ability
to negotiate acceptable lease arrangements;

availability
of financing and ability to negotiate acceptable financing terms;

effectively
managing development and construction costs;

completing
construction activities on a timely basis;

responding
to unforeseen engineering or environmental problems with the leased premises;

obtaining
all necessary governmental licenses, permits and approvals and complying with local, state and federal laws and regulations to open,
construct or remodel, and operate franchised restaurants;

recruiting,
hiring and training of qualified personnel; 

addressing
consumer tastes and discretionary spending in new geographic regions; 

general
and local economic and business conditions;

the
general legal and regulatory landscape in which we and our restaurants operate; and

other
unanticipated delays or increases in costs or cost overruns.

39

As
a result of these challenges, we and our franchisees may not be able to open new restaurants as quickly as planned or at all. We and
our franchisees have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, delays in restaurant openings from time to time and have abandoned
plans to open restaurants in various markets on occasion. Any delays or failures to open new restaurants by our franchisees could materially
and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and growth strategy.

Our
business, results of operations, and financial condition are closely tied to the success of our franchisees and our franchised restaurants.

We
and our franchisees may be materially and adversely affected by:

increased
competition in the restaurant industry;

changes
in consumer tastes and preferences;

demographic
trends;

customers
budgeting constraints;

customers
willingness to accept menu price increases;

our
reputation and consumer perception of our offerings in terms of quality, price, value and service; 

customers
experiences in our restaurants.

declining
economic conditions; and

adverse
weather conditions.

We
and our franchisees are also susceptible to increases in certain key operating expenses that are either wholly or partially beyond our
control, including:

food
and commodities, including beef, chicken and dairy, which we do not or cannot effectively control with long-term fixed pricing arrangements;

labor
costs, including wage, workers compensation, federal and state minimum wage requirements, health care, vacation accruals,
paid leaves of absence, paid sick leave, and other benefits expenses;

rent
expenses and construction, remodeling, maintenance and other costs under leases for our new and existing restaurants;

energy,
water and other utility costs;

information
technology and other logistical costs; 

insurance
costs;

compliance
costs as a result of changes in legal, regulatory, industry or other standards; and

expenses
associated with legal proceedings.

40

A
substantial portion of our revenue comes from royalties generated by our franchised restaurants. We anticipate that franchise royalties
will represent a substantial part of our revenue in the future. As of September 29, 2024, we had 20 domestic franchisees
operating 74 domestic franchised Twin Peaks restaurants, and one international franchisee operating seven international franchised
Twin Peaks restaurants in Mexico. As of September 29, 2024, our largest franchisee operated 12 franchised Twin Peaks restaurants,
and our top 10 franchisees operated a total of 66 franchised Twin Peaks restaurants. We currently do not have any franchised Smokey
Bones restaurants. Accordingly, we are reliant on the performance of our Twin Peaks franchisees in successfully operating their franchised
Twin Peaks restaurants and paying royalties to us on a timely basis. Our franchise system subjects us to a number of risks, any one of
which may impact our ability to collect royalty payments from our franchisees, may harm the goodwill associated with our franchise, and
may materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations.

Our
franchisees are an integral part of our business. We may be unable to successfully implement our growth strategy without the participation
of our franchisees. Franchisees may fail to participate in our marketing initiatives, which could materially and adversely affect the
sales trends, average weekly sales, and results of operations of our franchised restaurants. The failure of our franchisees to focus
on the fundamentals of their restaurant operations, such as quality, service and cleanliness, would have a negative impact on our success.
Additionally, if our franchisees fail to renew their franchise agreements with us, our royalty revenue may decrease, which in turn could
materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. It also may be difficult for us to monitor the implementation
of our growth strategy by our international franchisees due to our lack of personnel in the markets served by such franchised restaurants.

Furthermore,
a bankruptcy of any multi-unit franchisee could negatively impact our ability to collect payments due under such franchisees franchise
agreements. In a franchisee bankruptcy, the bankruptcy trustee may reject its franchise agreements pursuant to Section 365 under the
United States bankruptcy code, in which case there would be no further royalty payments from such franchisee. There can be no assurance
as to the proceeds, if any, that may ultimately be recovered in a bankruptcy proceeding of such franchisee in connection with a damage
claim resulting from such rejection.

If
we fail to identify, recruit and contract with a sufficient number of qualified franchisees, our ability to open new franchised restaurants
and increase our revenues could be materially and adversely affected.

The
opening of additional franchised restaurants depends, in part, upon the availability of prospective franchisees who meet our criteria.
Most of our franchisees open and operate multiple restaurants, and our growth strategy requires us to identify, recruit and contract
with a significant number of new franchisees each year. We may not be able to identify, recruit or contract with suitable franchisees
in our target markets on a timely basis, or at all. Additionally, our franchisees may not have access to the financial or management
resources that they need to open the restaurants contemplated by their franchise agreements with us, or they may elect to cease restaurant
development for other reasons. If we are unable to recruit suitable franchisees or if franchisees are unable or unwilling to open new
franchised restaurants as planned, our growth may be slower than anticipated, which could materially and adversely affect our ability
to increase our revenues and materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.

41

Our
franchisees could take actions that could harm our business, including by not accurately reporting sales.

Our
franchisees are contractually obligated to operate their restaurants in accordance with the operational, safety and health standards
set forth in our agreements with them and with applicable laws. Although we will attempt to properly train and support all of our franchisees,
they are independent third parties whom we do not control. Our franchisees own, operate, and oversee the daily operations of their restaurants,
and their employees are not our employees. Accordingly, their actions are outside of our control. Although we have developed criteria
to evaluate and screen prospective franchisees, we cannot be certain that our franchisees will have the business acumen or financial
resources necessary to operate successful franchises at their approved locations, and state franchise laws may limit our ability to terminate
or not renew these franchise agreements. Moreover, despite our training, support and monitoring, franchisees may not successfully operate
their restaurants in a manner consistent with our standards and requirements or may not hire and adequately train qualified managers
and other restaurant personnel. The failure of our franchisees to operate their restaurants in accordance with our standards or applicable
law, actions taken by their employees, or a negative publicity event at one of our franchised restaurants or involving one of our franchisees
could materially and adversely affect on our brands, our reputation, our ability to attract prospective franchisees, our company-owned
restaurants, and our business, results of operations, and financial condition.

Franchisees
typically use a point-of-sale cash register system to record all sales transactions at their restaurants, and we require franchisees
to use a specific brand and model of hardware and software components for their restaurant systems. Franchisees report sales manually
and electronically, and we have the ability to verify all sales data electronically by accessing their point-of-sale cash register systems.
We also have the right under our franchise agreements to audit franchisees to verify sales information provided to us, and we have the
ability to indirectly verify sales based on purchasing information. However, franchisees may underreport sales, which would reduce royalty
income otherwise payable to us and materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.

The
full-service restaurant industry in which we operate is highly competitive.

In
general, the full-service restaurant industry in which we operate, in particular the casual dining category, is highly competitive with
respect to, among other things, price, value, food quality and presentation, customer service, new product development, advertising and
promotional initiatives, ambience of properties, restaurant locations, taste preferences, brand reputation, and digital engagement. We
face significant competition from international, national, regional and locally-owned restaurants, particularly within the casual dining
category, that offer different menu offerings than us and in-restaurant, carry-out, delivery, and/or catering services. Increased competition
could have an adverse effect on our sales, profitability and/or growth plans, which could materially and adversely affect our business,
results of operations, and financial condition.

Many
of our competitors have been operating for longer and have a more established market presence than us, and have better locations, greater
name recognition, and resources than we do, and, as a result, these competitors may be better positioned to attract guests. Our larger
competitors may also be able to take advantage of greater economies of scale than we can, and may be better able to increase prices to
reflect cost pressures and increase their marketing and promotional activity, including through discount strategies. Our competitors
may also be able to identify and adapt to changes in customer preferences more quickly than we can due to their resources and scale.
Changes in customers tastes, nutritional and dietary trends, methods of ordering, and number and location of competing restaurants
often affect the restaurant industry. If our marketing efforts are unsuccessful, or if our company-owned restaurants or franchised restaurants
are unable to compete successfully with other full-service restaurants in new and existing markets, our sales volume and/or pricing may
be subject to downward pressure, and we may not be able to increase, or sustain, our growth rate or revenue, or reach profitability.

Furthermore,
as we expand our geographic presence and further develop our digital channels, we anticipate that we will face increased competition,
including with respect to access to, and audience reach of, digital channels. We may also face the risk that new or existing competitors
will mimic our business model, menu offerings, marketing strategies, and overall concept. Any of the above competitive factors may materially
and adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.

42

Our
success depends substantially on our corporate reputation and on the value, perception and recognition of the Twin Peaks brand and Smokey
Bones brand, and the value of our brands may be harmed or diluted through franchisee and third-party activity. 

Our
success depends substantially on our and our franchisees ability to maintain and enhance the value of the Twin Peaks brand and
Smokey Bones brand and maintain the loyalty of customers to our brands. The respective value of the Twin Peaks brand and Smokey Bones
brand is based in part on customer perceptions on a variety of subjective qualities. Business incidents, whether isolated or recurring,
and whether originating from us, franchisees, competitors, suppliers or distributors, can significantly reduce the value of our brands
and customer trust, particularly if the incidents receive considerable publicity or result in litigation. For example, our brands could
be damaged by claims or perceptions regarding the quality or safety of our offerings, or the quality or reputation of our franchisees,
suppliers or distributors, regardless of whether such claims or perceptions are true. Additionally, we may, from time to time, be faced
with negative publicity relating to public health concerns, health inspection scores, food processing, restaurant facilities, customer
complaints or litigation alleging illness or injury, employee relationships, or other matters, regardless of whether such allegations
are valid, or whether or not we are held to be responsible. Similarly, entities in our supply chain may engage in conduct, including
alleged human rights abuses or environmental wrongdoing, and any such conduct could damage our reputation or the reputation of our brands.
Any such incidents (even if resulting from actions of a competitor in our industry or franchisee) could cause a decline directly or indirectly
in customer confidence in, or the perception of, our brands and/or our offerings and reduce customer demand for our offerings, which
would likely result in lower revenues and profits. Additionally, our corporate reputation could suffer from a real or perceived failure
of corporate governance, or misconduct by one of our directors, officers or employees, or an employee or representative of a franchisee.

Moreover,
the negative impact of adverse publicity relating to a franchised restaurant may extend far beyond that franchised restaurant or franchisee
involved to affect some or all of our company-owned restaurants and other franchised restaurants. The risk of negative publicity is particularly
great with respect to our franchised restaurants because we are limited in the manner in which we can manage and control a franchisees
operations and messaging, especially on a real-time basis. The considerable expansion in the use of social media over recent years can
further amplify any negative publicity that could be generated by such incidents.

Although
we monitor and regulate franchisee activities under the terms of our franchise agreements, franchisees or other third parties may refer
to or make statements about our brands that do not make proper use of our trademarks or required designations, that improperly alter
trademarks or branding, or that are critical of our brands or place our brands in a context that may tarnish our reputation. This may
result in dilution of, or harm to, our intellectual property or the value of our brands. Franchisee noncompliance with the terms and
conditions of our franchise agreements may reduce the overall goodwill of our brands, whether through the failure to meet health and
safety standards, engage in quality control or maintain product consistency, or through the participation in improper or objectionable
business practices. Moreover, unauthorized third parties may use our intellectual property to trade on the goodwill of our brands, resulting
in customer confusion or dilution of the value of our brands. Any customer confusion, reputational dilution, or reduction of the goodwill
of our brands is likely to negatively impact sales, and could materially and adversely impact our business, results of operations, and
financial condition.

Furthermore,
employee claims against us based on, among other things, wage and hour violations, discrimination, harassment, or wrongful termination
may also create negative publicity that could adversely affect us and divert our financial and management resources that would otherwise
be used to benefit the future performance of our operations. A significant increase in the number of these claims or an increase in the
number of successful claims would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Customer
demand for our products and the value of our brands could diminish significantly if any such incidents or other matters create negative
publicity or otherwise erode customer confidence in us or our products, which would likely result in lower sales and could have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition.

43

Our
plans to open new restaurants, and the ongoing need for capital expenditures at our existing company-owned restaurants, require us to
spend capital. 

Our
growth strategy depends on opening new restaurants, for which we intend to use cash flows from operations. We cannot assure you that
cash flows from operations will be sufficient to allow us to implement our growth strategy. If this cash is not allocated efficiently
among our various projects, or if any of our initiatives prove to be unsuccessful, we may experience reduced profitability, and we could
be required to delay, significantly curtail or eliminate planned restaurant openings, which could have a material adverse effect on our
business, results of operations, and financial condition.

Additionally,
as our company-owned restaurants mature, our business will require capital expenditures for the maintenance, renovation and improvement
of such existing restaurants to remain competitive and maintain the respective standards of our brands. This creates an ongoing need
for cash, and, to the extent we cannot fund capital expenditures from cash flows from operations, funds will need to be borrowed or otherwise
obtained.

If
the costs of funding new restaurants or renovations or enhancements at existing company-owned restaurants exceed budgeted amounts, and/or
the time for building or renovation is longer than anticipated, our profits could be adversely impacted. If we cannot access the capital
we need, we may not be able to execute on our growth strategy, take advantage of future opportunities, or respond to competitive pressures.

The
number of new franchised restaurants that actually open in the future may differ materially from the number of signed commitments from
potential existing and new franchisees. 

As
of September 29, 2024, our franchise pipeline consisted of 76 domestic franchise restaurant commitments, and 25 international
franchise restaurant commitments, for Twin Peaks restaurants. For Smokey Bones restaurants, we plan to partner with our existing franchisees
or new franchisees to convert approximately half of the 60 Smokey Bones restaurants that we acquired in the Smokey Bones Acquisition
into new Twin Peaks restaurants. Historically, a portion of our franchise commitments have not ultimately resulted in the opening
of new franchised restaurants due to the occurrence of various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the ability
of our franchisees to obtain capital and any necessary financing, market conditions, operational challenges, and regulatory changes.
We have had a historical franchise commitment-to-restaurant opening conversion rate of approximately 66% for Twin Peaks restaurants
over the past five years. Based on our limited history of openings of international franchised Twin Peaks restaurants, we believe the
termination rate of franchise commitments for international Twin Peaks restaurants is likely to approximate the historic termination
rate of franchise commitments for domestic Twin Peaks restaurants. The historic conversion rate of signed franchise commitments to the
opening of new franchised Twin Peaks restaurants may not be indicative of the conversion rates we will experience in the future for Twin
Peaks restaurants or Smokey Bones restaurants, and the total number of new franchised restaurants actually opened in the future may differ
materially from the number of franchise commitments disclosed at any point in time.

Our
success depends in part upon effective advertising and marketing campaigns, which may not be successful, and franchisee support of such
advertising and marketing campaigns. 

We
believe that the Twin Peaks brand and Smokey Bones brand are critical to our business, and therefore, we expend resources in our marketing
efforts using a variety of media. We expect to continue to conduct brand awareness programs and customer initiatives to attract and retain
customers. Should our advertising and promotions not be effective, our business, results of operations, and financial condition could
be materially and adversely affected.

44

The
support of our franchisees is critical for the success of the advertising and marketing campaigns we seek to undertake, and the successful
execution of these campaigns will depend on our ability to maintain alignment with our franchisees. Our Twin Peaks franchisees are currently
required to contribute 2.5% of their gross sales to the Twin Peaks National Marketing Fund to support the development of new menu offerings,
brand development, and national marketing programs at Twin Peaks. Our current form of Twin Peaks franchise agreement also requires our
Twin Peaks franchisees to spend at least 0.5% of their gross sales directly on local advertising. While we maintain control over advertising
and marketing campaigns and materials and can mandate certain strategic initiatives pursuant to our franchise agreements, we need the
active support of our franchisees if the implementation of these initiatives is to be successful. If our advertising and marketing initiatives
are not successful, resulting in expenses incurred without the benefit of higher revenue, our business, results of operations, and financial
condition could be materially and adversely effected.

You
should not rely on past increases in our same store sales or our AUVs as an indication of our future results of operations because they
may fluctuate significantly. 

A
number of factors have historically affected, and will continue to affect, same store sales and AUVs, including, among other factors:

our
ability to execute our business strategy effectively;

unusually
strong initial sales performance by new restaurants;

competition;

consumer
trends and confidence; and 

regional
and national macroeconomic conditions.

The
level of same store sales is a critical factor affecting our ability to generate profits because the profit margin on same store sales
is generally higher than the profit margin on new restaurant sales. Our ability to increase same store sales depends in part on our ability
to successfully implement our initiatives to build sales. It is possible such initiatives will not be successful, that we will not achieve
our same store sales targets, or that the change in same store sales could be negative, which may cause a decrease in our sales growth
and our ability to achieve profitability. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial
condition.

Our
quarterly operating results may fluctuate significantly due to certain factors, some of which are beyond our control, which may result
in a decline in the market price of our Class A Common Stock.

Our
quarterly operating results may fluctuate significantly because of several factors, including:

the
timing of new restaurant openings

expansion
to new markets

profitability
of our restaurants, especially in new markets

increases
and decreases in average weekly sales and domestic same store sales as a result of seasonal factors

changes
in consumer preferences and competitive conditions

fluctuations
in commodity prices;

increases
in infrastructure costs

45

impairment
of long-lived assets and any loss on restaurant closures

changes
in interest rates and

macroeconomic
conditions, both nationally and locally.

As
a result, our quarterly and annual operating results and same store sales may fluctuate significantly as a result of the factors discussed
above. Accordingly, results for any one fiscal quarter are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for any other fiscal
quarter or for any fiscal year, and same store sales for any particular future period may decrease. In the future, our operating results
may fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors. In such an event, the market price of our Class A Common Stock
would likely decrease.

Historical
AUV levels may not be indicative of future results of any new company-owned restaurant or franchised restaurant.

The
AUV levels of any new company-owned restaurant or franchised restaurant may differ from average levels experienced by our company-owned
restaurants and franchised restaurants in prior periods due to a variety of factors, and these differences may be material. Accordingly,
historical AUV levels may not be indicative of the future results of any new company-owned restaurant or franchised restaurant. Additionally,
performance of new company-owned restaurants and franchised restaurants is impacted by a range of risks and uncertainties beyond our
or our franchisees control, including those described by other risk factors described in this Information Statement.

An
impairment in the carrying value of our goodwill or other intangible assets could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations,
and financial condition. 

We
review goodwill for impairment annually, or whenever circumstances change in a way that could indicate that impairment may have occurred,
and we record an impairment loss whenever we determine impairment factors are present. Significant impairment charges could have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition.

We
have experienced and continue to experience inflationary conditions with respect to the cost for food, labor, construction and utilities,
and we may not be able to increase prices or implement operational improvements sufficient to fully offset inflationary pressures on
such costs, which may adversely impact our revenues and results of operations. 

The
profitability of our company-owned restaurants and franchised restaurants depends in part on our ability to anticipate and react to changes
in food and other supply costs, including labor costs, construction costs, and utility costs. Prices may be affected by general economic
conditions, increased competition, supply shortages and interruptions due to weather, disease, inflation, and other conditions and factors
beyond our control. In the years ended December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022, our costs from operations increased significantly due
to the recent inflationary environment. For example, in fiscal year 2022, we experienced a mid-single digit percentage increase in the
cost of our food ingredients, which adversely impacted our gross margins. To moderate the effects of these rising costs, we have instituted
proactive initiatives to create efficiencies in our supply chain, such as optimizing our supply chain order quantities and food preparation
processes to reduce food waste, and instituting pricing promotions to drive guests to higher margin products. Additionally, in fiscal
years 2023 and 2022, we experienced mid-single digit percentage increases in our labor costs, which was driven primarily by increases
in statutory minimum wages in certain states where our restaurants are located and other governmental regulations affecting labor costs.
We mitigated the financial impact of such increases in our labor costs by focusing on increasing the productivity of our restaurant team
members and enacting other cost management initiatives. Furthermore, to mitigate the impact of inflation of our food and commodity costs
and labor costs, we modestly increased our menu prices by up to 5% depending on the menu item in fiscal years 2023 and 2022. However,
our attempts to offset inflationary pressures on such costs may not be successful. 

46

Our
inability to anticipate and respond effectively to one or more adverse changes in any of these factors could have a significant adverse
effect on our results of operations and financial condition. We expect inflationary pressures and other fluctuations impacting the price
of these items to continue to impact our business. Our attempts to offset cost pressures, such as through implementing operational efficiencies
and increasing menu pricing, may not be successful. We seek to provide a moderately priced product, and, as a result, we may not be able
to pass along price increases to our customers to sufficiently offset our cost increases. To the extent price increases are not sufficient
to adequately offset higher costs or do not do so in a timely manner, or if such price increases result in significant decreases in revenue
volume due to loss in customer retention, our revenues from sales may be adversely affected, and as a result our business, results of
operations, and financial condition may also be materially and adversely affected.

Interruptions
in the supply, or shortages, of food products or other supplies delivered to our company-owned restaurants and franchised restaurants
could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.

The
menu offerings sold by our company-owned restaurants and franchised restaurants, and the raw materials used in these restaurants, are
sourced from a variety of domestic and international vendors, suppliers and distributors. We, along with our franchisees, are also dependent
upon third parties to make frequent deliveries of food products and supplies that meet our specifications at competitive prices. Shortages
or interruptions in the supply of food items, raw materials and other supplies to our restaurants could adversely affect the availability,
quality and cost of items used at, and the operations of, our restaurants. If such shortages result in increased cost of food items and
supplies, we and our franchisees may not be able to pass along all of such increased costs to restaurant customers.

Such
shortages or disruptions could be caused by increased demand, problems in production or distribution, restrictions on imports or exports,
the inability of vendors to obtain credit, political instability in the countries in which suppliers and distributors are located, the
financial instability of suppliers and distributors, the failure of suppliers and distributors to meet our standards, product quality
issues, inflation, the price of gasoline, the cancellation of supply or distribution agreements or an inability to renew such arrangements
or to find replacements on commercially reasonable terms, food safety warnings or advisories or the prospect of such pronouncements,
inclement weather, natural disasters, or other conditions beyond our control or the control of our franchisees. Increasing weather volatility
or other long-term changes in global weather patterns, including any changes associated with global climate change, could have a significant
impact on the price, availability, and timing of delivery of some of our ingredients.

Furthermore,
a failure by a key supplier or distributor to meet its service requirements could lead to a disruption of service or supply until a new
supplier or distributor is engaged, and any such disruption could have an adverse effect on us and our franchisees, and therefore our
business, results of operations, and financial condition.

Macroeconomic
conditions could adversely affect our ability to increase sales at existing restaurants or open new restaurants. 

Recessionary
economic cycles, inflation, increases in commodity prices, higher interest rates, higher fuel and other energy costs, lower housing values,
low consumer confidence, higher levels of unemployment, higher consumer debt levels, higher tax rates and other changes in tax laws,
or other economic factors that may affect discretionary consumer spending could adversely affect our revenue and profit margins and make
opening new restaurants more difficult. Our customers may have lower disposable income and reduce the frequency with which they dine
out during economic downturns. This could result in fewer customer visits and/or reduced order sizes, or limitations on the prices we
can charge for our menu items, any of which could reduce our sales and profit margins. Also, businesses in the vicinity in which some
of our restaurants are located may experience difficulty as a result of macroeconomic trends or cease to operate, which could, in turn,
further negatively affect customer traffic at our restaurants. All of these factors could have a material adverse impact on our results
of operations and growth strategy.

47

Additionally,
negative effects on our and our franchisees existing and potential landlords due to the inaccessibility of credit and other unfavorable
economic factors may, in turn, adversely affect our business and results of operations. If our or our franchisees landlords are
unable to obtain financing or remain in good standing under their existing financing arrangements, they may be unable to provide construction
contributions or satisfy other lease obligations owed to us or our franchisees. Moreover, if our and our franchisees landlords
are unable to obtain sufficient credit to continue to properly manage their retail sites, we may experience a drop in the level of quality
of such retail centers. The development of new restaurants may also be adversely affected by negative economic factors affecting developers
and potential landlords. Developers and/or landlords may try to delay or cancel recent development projects (as well as renovations of
existing projects) due to instability in the credit markets and declines in consumer spending, which could reduce the number of appropriate
locations available that we would consider for our new restaurants. Furthermore, other tenants at the properties in which our restaurants
are located may delay their openings, fail to open, or cease operations, and decreases in total tenant occupancy in the properties in
which our restaurants are located may affect customer traffic at our restaurants.

If
any of the foregoing affect any of our or our franchisees landlords, developers, and/or surrounding tenants, our business, results
of operations, and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected.

Food
safety, foodborne illness, and other health concerns may have a material adverse effect on our business.

Food
safety is a top priority, and we dedicate substantial resources to ensure that our customers enjoy safe, quality food products. However,
food-borne illnesses, such as E. coli, salmonella, hepatitis A, and trichinosis, occur or may occur within our system from time to time.
In addition, food safety issues such as food tampering, contamination and adulteration occur or may occur within our system from time
to time. Any report or publicity linking one of our company-owned restaurants or franchised restaurants, or linking our competitors or
our industry generally, to instances of foodborne illness or food safety issues could adversely affect our reputation and the reputation
of our brands, as well as our revenues and profits, and possibly lead to product liability claims, litigation, and damages. If a guest
of one of our company-owned restaurants or franchised restaurants becomes ill as a result of food safety issues, our restaurants may
be temporarily closed, which would decrease our revenues. Even instances of food-borne illness, food tampering, or food contamination
occurring solely at restaurants of our competitors could result in negative publicity about the food service industry or restaurants
generally and adversely impact our restaurants.

Additionally,
our reliance on third-party food suppliers and distributors increases the risk that food-borne illness incidents could be caused by factors
outside of our control, and that multiple restaurants would be affected rather than a single restaurant. We cannot ensure that all food
items are properly maintained during transport throughout the supply chain and that our employees and our franchisees and their employees
will identify all products that may be spoiled and should not be used in our restaurants. In addition, our industry has long been subject
to the threat of food tampering by suppliers and employees, such as the addition of foreign objects in the food that we sell. Reports,
whether or not true, of injuries caused by food tampering have in the past severely injured the reputations and brands of restaurant
chains in the casual restaurant segment and could affect us in the future as well. If our customers become ill from food-borne illnesses,
we could also be forced to temporarily close some restaurants. Furthermore, any instances of food contamination, whether or not at our
restaurants, could subject our restaurants or our suppliers to a food recall pursuant to the Food and Drug Administration Food Safety
Modernization Act.

Furthermore,
the United States and other countries have also experienced, and may experience in the future, outbreaks of viruses, such as the novel
coronavirus (COVID-19) and its variants, RSV, and various forms of influenza. To the extent that a virus is transmitted by human-to-human
contact, our employees or customers could become infected or could choose, or be advised, to avoid gathering in public places and avoid
eating in restaurant establishments such as our restaurants, which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations,
and financial condition.

48

Our
expansion into international markets exposes us to a number of risks that may differ in each country where we have franchised restaurants.

As
of September 29, 2024, of our 114 Twin Peaks restaurants, 107 operate in the United States, and seven operate as
international franchised Twin Peaks restaurants in Mexico, and all of our 58 Smokey Bones restaurants operate in the United States.
We aim to grow the Twin Peaks brand internationally. However, our international expansion is in its early stages. Expansion in international
markets may be affected by local economic and market, as well as geopolitical, conditions. Therefore, as we expand internationally, our
internal franchised restaurants may not experience the operating margins we expect, and our results of operations and growth may be materially
and adversely affected.

Additionally,
some of our new restaurants are planned for markets where there may be limited or no market recognition of our brands. Those markets
may have competitive conditions, consumer tastes, and discretionary spending patterns that are different from those in our existing markets.
As a result, those new restaurants may be less successful than our restaurants in our existing markets. We may need to build brand awareness
in such new market through greater investments in advertising, marketing and promotional activity than we originally planned. Our franchisees
may also find it more difficult in new markets to hire, motivate, and keep qualified employees who can project our vision, passion and
culture. Restaurants opened in new markets may also have lower average restaurant sales than our restaurants opened in our existing markets.
Sales at restaurants opened in new markets may take longer to ramp up and reach expected sales and profit levels, and may never do so,
thereby affecting our overall profitability, and materially and adversely affecting our business, results of operations, financial condition,
and growth prospects.

Furthermore,
our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected if global markets in which our franchised restaurants compete
are affected by changes in political, economic, or other factors. These factors, over which neither we nor our franchisees have control,
may include:

political
and economic instability;

recessionary
trends in international markets;

changes
in inflation rates;

changes
in exchange rates and the imposition of restrictions on currency conversion or the transfer
of funds;

increases
in the taxes we pay and other changes in applicable tax laws;

legal
and regulatory changes, and the burdens and costs of our compliance with a variety of foreign
laws with respect to our international franchised restaurants;

changing
labor conditions, including difficulties in staffing;

difficulty
in protecting our brands, reputation and intellectual property;

difficulty
in collecting our royalties and longer payment cycles;

expropriation
of private enterprises;

increases
in anti-American sentiment and the identification of the Twin Peaks brand and Smokey Bone
brand as American brands; and

other
external factors.

49

Moreover,
we are subject to applicable rules and various international laws regulating the offer and sale of franchises, which can restrict our
ability to sell franchises in such jurisdictions. Non-compliance with such rules and laws could result in governmental enforcement actions
seeking a civil or criminal penalty, rescission of a franchise, or loss of our ability to offer and sell franchises in a jurisdiction,
or a private lawsuit seeking rescission, damages and legal fees, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and
results of operations.

Opening
new restaurants in existing markets may negatively affect sales at existing restaurants.

We
intend to continue opening new franchised restaurants in our existing markets as a core part of our growth strategy. Expansion in existing
markets may be affected by local economic and market conditions. Additionally, the customer target area of our restaurants varies by
location, depending on a number of factors, including population density, other local retail and business attractions, area demographics,
and geography. As a result, the opening of a new restaurant in or near markets in which our restaurants already exist could adversely
affect the sales of these existing restaurants. We and our franchisees may selectively open new restaurants in and around areas of existing
restaurants. Sales cannibalization between restaurants may become significant in the future as we continue to expand our operations,
and could affect sales growth, which could, in turn, materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial
condition.

We
may be unable to realize the anticipated benefits of the Smokey Bones Acquisition.

On
March 21, 2024, FAT Brands contributed to the Top Tier Twin Subsidiary, and the Top Tier Twin Subsidiary acquired, all of the outstanding
capital stock of Barbeque Integrated, Inc., which is the entity that owns Smokey Bones. Our performance after the Smokey Bones Acquisition
will depend, in part, on our ability to successfully and efficiently integrate Smokey Bones with our business in a cost-effective manner
that does not significantly disrupt our consolidated operations. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain and grow
our business and operations during, and following, the integration of Smokey Bones. Integrating and coordinating certain aspects of the
operations and personnel of Smokey Bones involve complex operational and personnel-related challenges. This process has been and will
continue to be time-consuming and expensive, may disrupt our business, and may not result in the full benefits expected from the Smokey
Bones Acquisition, including cost synergies expected to arise from efficiencies and overlapping general and administrative functions.
The potential difficulties, and resulting costs and delays, include:

consolidating
corporate and administrative infrastructures;

difficulties
attracting and retaining key personnel;

issues
in integrating information technology (which we refer to as IT), communications and other systems;

incompatibility
of purchasing, logistics, marketing, administration and other systems and processes; and

unforeseen
and unexpected liabilities related to the Smokey Bones Acquisition.

Additionally,
the continued integration of our operations and personnel may place a significant burden on our management and other internal resources.
The diversion of our managements attention, and any difficulties encountered in the transition and integration process, could
harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

50

Failure
to protect our service marks or other intellectual property could harm our business.

We
regard our Twin Peaks, EATS. DRINKS. SCENIC VIEWS, 29 Draft Beer, Twin Peaks Brewing,
Smokey Bones, Masters of Meat, and Meat is What We Do trademarks, our Twin Peaks and mountains designs
and logos, our Smokey Bones flame designs and logos, and other trademarks and service marks related to our business, as having critical
importance to our future operations and marketing efforts. We rely on a combination of protections provided by contracts, copyrights,
patents, trademarks, service marks, and other common law rights, such as trade secret and unfair competition laws, to protect us and
our franchised restaurants from infringement. We have registered certain trademarks and service marks in the United States, Mexico, as
well as certain other countries where we are considering growing internationally. However, from time to time, we become aware of names
and marks being used by other persons that are identical or confusingly similar to our service marks. Although our policy is to oppose
any such infringement, further or unknown unauthorized uses or other misappropriation of our trademarks or service marks could diminish
the respective value of our brands and adversely affect our business. Additionally, effective intellectual property protection may not
be available in every country in which our franchisees have, or intend to open or franchise, a restaurant. There can be no assurance
that these protections will be adequate, and defending or enforcing our service marks and other intellectual property could result in
the expenditure of significant resources, which could adversely affect our business, reputation, results of operations, and financial
condition.

Furthermore,
we may also face claims of infringement that could interfere with the use of the proprietary knowhow, concepts, recipes, or trade secrets
used in our business. Defending against such claims could be costly and result in the expenditure of significant resources, and we may
be prohibited from using such proprietary information in the future or forced to pay damages, royalties, or other fees for using such
proprietary information, any of which could adversely affect our business, reputation, results of operations, and financial condition.

We
and our franchisees rely on computer systems to process transactions and manage our businesses, and a disruption or a failure of such
systems or technology could harm our ability to effectively manage our businesses.

Network
and information technology systems are integral to our business. We utilize various computer systems, including our restaurant point-of-sale
system, which is also the system through which our franchisees report their weekly sales and their corresponding royalty fees and required
advertising fund contributions are calculated and paid. When sales are reported by a franchisee, a withdrawal for the authorized amount
is initiated from the franchisees bank on a set date each week based on gross sales during the week ended the prior Sunday. This
system is critical to our ability to accurately track sales, compute royalties and advertising fund contributions, and receive timely
payments due from our franchisees.

Our
operations depend upon our ability to protect our computer systems and equipment against internal and external security breaches, viruses,
worms and other disruptive problems, as well as from damage from physical theft, fire, power loss, telecommunications failure, or other
catastrophic events. Any damage or failure of our computer systems or network infrastructure that causes an interruption in our operations
could have a material adverse effect on our business and subject us to litigation or actions by regulatory authorities.

Despite
the implementation of protective measures, our systems are subject to damage and/or interruption as a result of computer and network
failures, computer viruses and other disruptive software, security breaches, power outages, catastrophic events, and improper usage by
employees. Such events could result in a material disruption in operations, a need for a costly repair, upgrade or replacement of systems,
or a decrease in, or in the collection of, royalties and advertising fund contributions paid to us by our franchisees. To the extent
that any disruption or security breach were to result in a loss of, or damage to, our data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure
of confidential or proprietary information, we could incur liability which could materially affect our results of operations.

It
is also critical that we establish and maintain certain licensing and software agreements for the software we use in our day-to-day operations.
A failure to procure or maintain these licenses could have a material adverse effect on our business operations.

51

If
we or our franchisees are unable to protect their customers credit card data and other personal information, we and our franchisees
could be exposed to data loss, litigation and liability, and our reputation could be significantly harmed.

Privacy
protection is increasingly demanding, and our use of electronic payment methods and collection of other personal information expose us
and our franchisees to increased risk of privacy and/or security breaches, as well as other risks. The majority of our and our franchisees
restaurant sales are by credit or debit cards. In connection with credit or debit card transactions in-restaurant, we and our franchisees
collect and transmit confidential information by way of secure private retail networks. Additionally, we and our franchisees collect
and store personal information from individuals, including our customers and employees.

We
and our franchisees may experience security breaches in which credit and debit card information is stolen in the future. Although we
use secure private networks to transmit confidential information, third parties may have the technology or know-how to breach the security
of the customer information transmitted in connection with credit and debit card sales, and our security measures and those of technology
vendors may not effectively prohibit others from obtaining improper access to this information. The techniques used to obtain unauthorized
access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently and are often difficult to detect for long periods of time,
which may cause a breach to go undetected for an extensive period of time. Advances in computer and software capabilities, new tools,
and other developments may increase the risk of such a breach. Additionally, the systems currently used for transmission and approval
of electronic payment transactions, and the technology utilized in electronic payment themselves, all of which can put electronic payment
at risk, are determined and controlled by the payment card industry, not by us. Furthermore, our franchisees, contractors, or third parties
with whom we do business or to whom we outsource business operations may attempt to circumvent our security measures in order to misappropriate
such information and may purposefully or inadvertently cause a breach involving such information. If a person is able to circumvent our
security measures or those of third parties, such perpetrator could destroy or steal valuable information or disrupt our operations.
We may become subject to claims for purportedly fraudulent transactions arising out of the actual or alleged theft of credit or debit
card information, and we may also be subject to lawsuits or other proceedings relating to these types of incidents. Any such claim or
proceeding could cause us to incur significant unplanned expenses, which could have an adverse impact on our results of operations, cash
flows, and financial condition. Moreover, adverse publicity resulting from these allegations could significantly harm our reputation
and may have a material adverse effect on us and our business.

We
are exposed to the risk of natural disasters, unusual weather conditions, pandemic outbreaks, political events, and terrorism that could
disrupt business and result in lower sales and increased operating costs and capital expenditures.

Our
headquarters, company-owned restaurant locations, franchised restaurant locations, third-party distributors and their facilities, as
well as certain of our vendors and customers, are located in areas which have been and could be subject to natural disasters such as
winter storms, floods, severe thunderstorms, hurricanes, tornadoes, fires, or earthquakes. Adverse weather conditions or other extreme
changes in the weather, including resulting electrical and technological failures may disrupt our and our franchisees business
and may adversely affect our and our franchisees ability to obtain food and supplies and sell menu items. Our business may be
harmed if our or our franchisees ability to obtain food and supplies and sell menu items is impacted by any such events, any of
which could influence customer trends and purchases, and may negatively impact our and our franchisees revenue, operations, and
properties. Such events could result in physical damage to one or more of our or our franchisees properties, the temporary closure
of some or all of our company-owned restaurants, franchised restaurants and third-party distributors, the temporary lack of an adequate
work force in a market, temporary or long-term disruption in the transport of goods, delay in the delivery of goods and supplies to our
company-owned restaurants, franchised restaurants and third-party distributors, fuel shortages or dramatic increases in fuel prices,
or disruption of our technology support or information systems, any of which would increase the cost of doing business. Additionally,
such natural disasters and unusual weather conditions, increases in energy prices, political events, terrorist attacks, other natural
or man-made disasters, or general negative publicity regarding any of our restaurants, as well as other regional occurrences such as
more stringent state and local laws and regulations or local strikes could have a material adverse effect on our business and operations.
Any of these factors, or any combination thereof, could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial
condition.

52

Climate
change and the shift to more sustainable business practices could negatively affect our business or damage our reputation.

Climate
change may increase the risk of severe weather or the risk that those events happen more frequently, which could adversely affect restaurant
sales volumes in some of the markets in which we operate, and may result in decreased availability or less favorable pricing for certain
commodities used in our menu offerings, such as beef, chicken, and dairy. Increases in the severity or frequency of natural disasters
and other extreme weather conditions caused by climate change could also disrupt our supply chain generally or otherwise impact demand
for our products and services. Additionally, concern over climate change and other sustainable business practices may result in new or
increased legal and regulatory requirements or generally accepted business practices, which could significantly increase our costs and
expenses. Legislative, regulatory, or other efforts to combat climate change or other environmental concerns could result in future increases
in taxes and the cost of raw materials, transportation and utilities, which could necessitate future investments in facilities and equipment,
and adversely affect our results of operations. Furthermore, a failure to reduce our greenhouse gas emissions or adopt other sustainable
business practices, or the perception of a failure to act responsibly with respect to the environment or to effectively respond to regulatory
requirements concerning climate change or other sustainable business practices, could lead to adverse publicity, diminish the respective
value of our brands, and adversely affect our business.

A
pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of an infectious disease, such as COVID-19, may in the future disrupt the markets we operate in or otherwise
impact our restaurants, which could materially affect our business, results of operations and financial condition for an extended period
of time.

If
a pandemic, epidemic, outbreak of an infectious disease, such as COVID-19 and any of its various strains, or other public health crisis
were to occur in an area in which we operate, our business and operations could be adversely affected. A pandemic, epidemic or outbreak
might adversely impact our business by causing a temporary shutdown, by disrupting or delaying production and delivery of food and other
supplies, or by causing staffing shortages in our restaurants. Such shortages could lead to us paying higher prices for food and other
supplies and labor. The potential impact of a pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of an infectious disease with respect to our markets or
our restaurants is difficult to predict and could materially and adversely impact our business, results of operations, and financial
condition.

The
global pandemic of COVID-19 impacted our restaurants, employees, business operations and financial performance, communities, as well
as the broader U.S. economy and financial markets. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we and our franchisees temporarily closed affected
restaurants for a prolonged period of time, reduced or modified restaurant operating hours, adopted a to-go only operating
model, or a combination these actions. Additionally, the COVID-19 pandemic made it more difficult for us and our franchisees to staff
restaurants, and in certain cases, caused a temporary inability to obtain food and other supplies due to supply chain disruptions, which
led to increased commodity costs. These actions and consequences resulted in an adverse impact to our revenues.

As
of September 29, 2024, all of our Twin Peaks restaurants and Smokey Bones restaurants were operating at 100% indoor dining capacity.
However, there can be no assurance that developments with respect to the COVID-19 pandemic or another similar pandemic, epidemic, outbreak
of an infectious disease or public health crisis, and any governmental measures taken to control it, will not adversely affect our business,
results of operation, and financial condition. Currently, substantially all of our Twin Peaks restaurants are located in 27 states, and
all of our Smokey Bones restaurants are located in 16 states. As a result of our concentration in certain markets, we may be disproportionately
affected by any increased severity of a pandemic, epidemic, outbreak of an infectious disease or public health crisis, and any governmental
measures taken to control it, in these states compared to other chain restaurants with a more dispersed national footprint.

53

Furthermore,
customer behavior has changed, and may continue to fundamentally and permanently change, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and the
heightened concern over another potential pandemic, epidemic, outbreak of an infectious disease, or public health crisis in both the
near and long term. Such changes may pose significant challenges to our current business model. For example, certain viruses may be transmitted
through human contact, and the risk of contracting viruses could cause customers or employees to avoid gathering in public places, which
could adversely affect restaurant customer traffic or the ability to adequately staff restaurants. Traffic in restaurants, including
our company-owned restaurants and franchised restaurants, has been adversely affected by the increase in customers relying on off-premises
orders. All of this could materially and adversely impact sales at our restaurants and our growth prospects. We have already made adjustments
to our restaurant operations due to the COVID-19 pandemic and may have to further re-design our service and business models to accommodate
changed behavior patterns of customers in the future. Any such effort could result in increased capital expenditures, business disruption,
and lower margin sales, and may not be successful in increasing our revenue, thereby materially and adversely impacting our business,
results of operations, and financial condition.

Risks
Related to our Indebtedness

We have significant outstanding indebtedness under the Twin Securitization Notes, which will require that we generate sufficient cash
flow to satisfy the payment and other obligations under the terms of our indebtedness and will expose us to the risk of default and other
remedies thereunder.

The
outstanding principal amount of the indebtedness under the Twin Securitization Notes (as defined and described in Description
of Certain IndebtednessTwin Securitization Notes) issued by the Top Tier Twin Subsidiary in connection with the Reorganization
is approximately $416.7 million. The Twin Securitization Notes require significant principal and interest payments. We
estimate that the first quarterly payment of both principal and accrued interest on the Twin Securitization Notes, which will be due
on April 25, 2025, will be approximately $12.1 million. Additionally, the terms of the Twin Securitization Notes subject us to certain
financial and non-financial covenants, including a debt service coverage ratio calculation, as defined in the indenture for the Twin
Securitization Notes. If certain covenants are not met, the indebtedness may become partially or fully due and payable on an accelerated
schedule. For example, subject to certain limited exceptions, any default in the payment of principal or interest due and payable on
any series of the Twin Securitization Notes, any material noncompliance or failure to perform by us or any of our subsidiaries with respect
to any of the covenants under the indenture for the Twin Securitization Notes, including noncompliance with the debt service coverage
ratio, or the occurrence of any event of bankruptcy with respect to us or any of our subsidiaries will constitute an event of default
under indenture for the Twin Securitization Notes, and cause the outstanding principal and interest under the Twin Securitization Notes
to be due and payable on an accelerated basis (see Description of Certain IndebtednessTwin Securitization NotesEvents
of Default). Our ability to meet the payment obligations under the Twin Securitization Notes depends on our ability to generate
significant cash flow in the future. However, we cannot assure you that our business will generate cash flow from operations, or that
other capital will be available to us, in amounts sufficient to enable us to meet our payment obligations under the Twin Securitization
Notes and to fund our other liquidity needs. Additionally, under the terms of the Twin Securitization Notes, upon each Qualified
Equity Offering (as defined in the indenture for the Twin Securitization Notes), which is a public or private offering
by us of our common equity securities for cash, we are required, subject to certain limited exceptions, to use 75% of the net proceeds
from such offering towards the repayment of the Twin Securitization Notes, until an aggregate of $75,000,000 has been repaid in that
manner. If the amount of net proceeds from our Qualified Equity Offerings used for repayment of the Twin Securitization Notes is not
at least $25,000,000 on or prior to each of April 25, 2025, July 25, 2025 and October 27, 2025, or is not at least $75,000,000 on or
prior to January 26, 2026, then under any such circumstance, a Cash Flow Sweeping Event (as defined in the indenture for
the Twin Securitization Notes) would occur, whereupon certain excess cash flows from our operations will be used to make additional principal
payments, on a pro rata basis, on the three most senior classes of the Twin Securitization Notes. See Description of Certain
IndebtednessTwin Securitization NotesPayment Terms and Repayments. If we are not able to generate sufficient
cash flow or successfully conduct financings to service these obligations, we may need to refinance or restructure our debt, sell
unencumbered assets (if any), or seek to raise additional capital. If we are unable to implement one or more of these options, we may
not be able to meet these payment obligations, and the imposition of lender remedies could materially and adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and liquidity.

Furthermore,
we also may enter into new borrowing arrangements and incur significant indebtedness in the future to continue to support our growth.
Our existing and any future indebtedness could have important consequences, including:

making
it more difficult for us to make payments on our existing indebtedness;

increasing
our vulnerability to general economic and industry conditions;

requiring
a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to be dedicated to the payment of
principal and interest on our indebtedness, thereby reducing our ability to use our cash
flow to fund our operations, capital expenditures and future business opportunities;

54

limiting
our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, debt
service requirements, acquisitions and general corporate or other purposes;

limiting
our ability to adjust to changing market conditions and placing us at a competitive disadvantage
compared to our competitors who are less highly leveraged; and

exposing
us to the risk of increased interest rates with respect to any new borrowings with variable
rates of interest.

Our
ability to make payments on debt, to repay existing or future indebtedness when due, to fund operations and significant planned capital
expenditures will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. Our ability to produce cash from operations is, and will be,
subject to a number of risks, including those described in this Information Statement. Our financial condition, including our ability
to make payments on our debt, is also subject to external factors such as interest rates, the level of lending activity in the credit
markets and other external industry-specific and more general external factors, including those described in this Information Statement.

We
may not be able to raise or borrow additional financing or to refinance our current debt or other indebtedness we may incur in
the future, if required, on commercially reasonable terms, if at all.

Risks
Related to Regulatory Matters and Legal Proceedings

Our
business is subject to extensive federal, state, local, and foreign regulations, including alcoholic beverage and food service regulations,
and we may incur additional costs or liabilities as a result of government regulation of our company-owned restaurants and franchised
restaurants.

Our
business is subject to extensive federal, state, local, and foreign government regulation, including, among others, regulations related
to franchising, the preparation and sale of food, the sale of alcoholic beverages, zoning and building codes, land use, sanitation, and
employee health and safety matters.

We
are subject to state and local government franchise registration requirements, the rules and regulations of the Federal Trade Commission
(which we refer to as the FTC), various state laws regulating the offer and sale of franchises in the United States through
the provision of franchise disclosure documents containing certain mandatory disclosures, various state laws regulating the franchise
relationship, and certain rules and requirements regulating franchising arrangements in foreign countries. Although we believe that our
franchise disclosure documents, together with any applicable state-specific versions or supplements, and the franchising procedures that
we use, comply in all material respects with both the FTC guidelines and all applicable state laws regulating franchising in those states
in which we offer and grant new franchise arrangements, noncompliance could reduce our anticipated royalty income, which in turn could
materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations.

We
and our franchisees are subject to various existing federal, state, local, and foreign laws affecting the operation of our restaurants,
including various health, sanitation, fire, and safety standards. The impact of current laws and regulations, the effect of future changes
in laws or regulations that impose additional requirements, and the consequences of litigation relating to current or future laws and
regulations, or our inability to respond effectively to significant regulatory or public policy issues, could increase our compliance
and other costs of doing business, and therefore have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Failure to comply with the laws
and regulatory requirements of federal, state, local, and foreign authorities could result in, among other things, revocation of required
licenses, administrative enforcement actions, fines, and civil and criminal liability. Additionally, certain laws could require us or
our franchisees to expend significant funds to make modifications to our restaurants if we fail to comply with applicable standards.
Compliance with all of these laws and regulations can be costly and can increase our exposure to litigation or governmental investigations
or proceedings.

55

We
are also required to comply with the standards mandated by the Americans with Disabilities Act (which we refer to as the ADA),
which generally prohibits discrimination in accommodation or employment based on disability. We may in the future have to modify our
restaurants or our operations to make reasonable accommodations for disabled persons, and such capital expenditures could be material.
The costs of operating our company-owned restaurants and franchised restaurants may increase in the event of changes in laws governing
minimum hourly wages, overtime and tip credits, working conditions, predictive scheduling, health care, workers compensation insurance
rates, unemployment tax rates, sales taxes, or other laws and regulations, such as those governing access for the disabled (including
the ADA). If any of these costs were to increase and we are unable or unwilling to pass on such costs to our customers by increasing
menu prices or by other means, our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely impacted.

Each
of our restaurants is required to obtain a license to sell alcoholic beverages on its premises from a state authority and, in certain
locations, county and municipal authorities. Typically, our licenses to sell alcoholic beverages must be renewed annually, and such licenses
have in the past been, and may in the future be, suspended or revoked at any time for cause. Alcoholic beverage control regulations govern
various aspects of the daily operations of our company-owned restaurants and franchised restaurants, including the minimum age of guests
and team members, hours of operation, advertising, wholesale purchasing, and inventory control, handling and storage. Any failure by
any of our company-owned restaurants or franchised restaurants to obtain and maintain, on a timely basis, liquor or other licenses, permits
or approvals required to serve alcoholic beverages or food, as well as any associated negative publicity resulting from any such failure
could delay or prevent the opening of, or adversely impact the viability of, and could have an adverse effect on, that restaurant and
its operating and financial performance. We apply for our liquor licenses with the advice of outside legal counsel and licensing consultants.
Because of the various state and federal licensing and permitting requirements, there is a significant risk that one or more regulatory
agencies could determine that we have not complied with applicable licensing or permitting regulations, or have not maintained the approvals
necessary for us or any of our franchisees to conduct business within their jurisdiction. Any changes in the application or interpretation
of existing laws or regulations may adversely impact our restaurants in such jurisdiction and could also cause us or affected franchisees
to lose, either temporarily or permanently, the licenses, permits or approvals necessary to conduct restaurant operations, and subject
us and affected franchisees to fines and penalties.

Failure
to comply with federal, state, local or foreign rules and regulations could cause our licenses to be revoked and force us to cease the
sale of alcoholic beverages at certain restaurants. Any difficulties, delays, or failures in obtaining such licenses, permits or approvals
could delay or prevent the opening of a restaurant in a particular area or increase the costs associated therewith. Additionally, in
certain states, including states where we or our franchisees have existing restaurants, or where we or a franchisee plan to open a restaurant,
the number of liquor licenses available is limited, and licenses are traded on the open market. Liquor, beer and wine sales comprise
a significant portion of our revenue. If we or our franchisees are unable to maintain existing licenses, our guest patronage, revenue,
and results of operations would be adversely affected. If we or a franchisee choose to open a restaurant in those states where the number
of available licenses is limited, the cost of a new license could be significant.

Changes
in, or noncompliance with, applicable laws and governmental regulations may adversely affect our business operations, financial condition,
and/or growth prospects.

We
and our franchisees are subject to numerous laws and regulations, which change regularly and are increasingly complex. For example, we
and our franchisees are subject to:

government
orders relating to health and other public safety concerns, such as the various restrictions
imposed on the business operations of restaurants due to the COVID-19 pandemic;

laws
and regulations relating to menu labeling, nutritional content, nutritional labeling, product
safety, and product marketing;

laws
relating to state and local licensing;

56

laws
and regulations relating to health, sanitation, food, workplace safety, child labor, including
laws prohibiting the use of certain hazardous equipment by employees younger
than the age of 18 years of age, and fire safety and prevention;

laws
relating to information security, privacy, cashless payments, and consumer protection;

laws
relating to the relationship between franchisors and franchisees;

the
ADA in the United States and similar state laws which give civil rights protections to individuals
with disabilities in the context of employment, public accommodations and other areas;

the
U.S. Fair Labor Standards Act, which governs matters such as minimum wages, overtime and
other working conditions, as well as family leave mandates, and a variety of similar state
laws which govern these and other employment law matters;

laws
and regulations in government mandated health care benefits, such as the Patient Protection
and Affordable Care Act;

laws
and regulations relating to union organizing rights and activities;

laws
relating to international trade and sanctions;

laws
relating to currency conversion or exchange;

tax
laws and regulations;

antibribery
and anticorruption laws;

environmental
laws and regulations; and

federal
and state immigration laws and regulations in the United States.

Compliance
with new or existing laws and regulations could impact our operations. The compliance costs associated with these laws and regulations
could be substantial. Any failure or alleged failure to comply with these laws or regulations by us or our franchisees could adversely
affect our reputation, international expansion efforts, growth prospects and financial results, or result in, among other things, litigation,
revocation of required licenses, internal investigations, governmental investigations or proceedings, administrative enforcement actions,
fines, and civil and criminal liability. Publicity relating to any such noncompliance could also harm our reputation and adversely affect
our business.

A
broader standard for determining joint employer status recently adopted by the National Labor Relations Board may adversely affect our
business operations and increase our liabilities resulting from actions by our franchisees.

In
October 2023, the National Labor Relations Board issued a final rule adopting a new and broader standard for determining when two or
more otherwise unrelated employers may be found to be a joint employer of the same employees under the National Labor Relations Act.
Under the new standard, an entity, such as a franchisor, may be considered a joint employer of the employees of another entity, such
as a franchisee, if they share or co-determine one or more of the essential terms and conditions of employment of such employees, as
defined under the new rule. The new standard considers the authority to control essential terms and conditions of employment, whether
or not such control is exercised, and without regard to whether any such exercise of control is direct or indirect, as an important factor
in determining joint employer status.

57

The
final rule was scheduled to become effective on March 11, 2024, but was recently vacated by a federal district court in Texas. The courts
decision to vacate the rule may be appealed and the original rule could be restored by an appellate court. If the original rule is restored
on appeal, or a similar rule is adopted in the future by the National Labor Relations Board, the joint employer standard could cause
us to be considered a joint employer of our franchisees employees, which could cause us to be held liable or responsible for unfair
labor practices, violations of wage and hour laws, and other labor and employment violations by our franchisees, and require us to conduct
collective bargaining negotiations with respect to the employees of our franchisees. The joint employer standard may also make it easier
for our franchisees staff to organize into labor unions, and provide the staff and their union representatives with bargaining
power to request that our franchisees raise wages. The effects of these changes may require us to modify our business practices, and
may result in increased litigation, governmental investigations and proceedings, administrative enforcement actions, fines and civil
penalties, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.

Legislation
and regulations requiring the display and provision of nutritional information for our menu offerings, new information or attitudes regarding
diet and health, and/or adverse opinions about the health effects of consuming our menu offerings, could affect customer preferences
and negatively impact our business and results of operations.

Government
regulations and customer eating habits may impact our business as a result of changes in attitudes regarding diet and health, or new
information regarding the health effects of consuming our menu offerings. These changes have resulted in, and may continue to result
in, the enactment of laws and regulations that impact the ingredients and nutritional content of our menu offerings, or laws and regulations
requiring us to disclose the nutritional content of our menu offerings.

The
Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Affordability Reconciliation Act of 2010 (which
we refer to as the PPACA), establishes a uniform, federal requirement for certain restaurants to post certain nutritional
information on their menus. Specifically, the PPACA amended the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act to require chain restaurants with
20 or more locations operating under the same name and offering substantially the same menu to publish the total number of calories of
standard menu items on menus and menu boards, along with a statement that puts this calorie information in the context of a total daily
caloric intake. The PPACA also requires covered restaurants to provide to customers, upon request, a written summary of detailed nutritional
information for each standard menu item, and to provide a statement on menus and menu boards about the availability of this information.
The PPACA further permits the United States Food and Drug Administration to require covered restaurants to make additional nutrient disclosures,
such as disclosure of trans-fat content. An unfavorable report on, or reaction to, our menu ingredients, the nutritional content of our
menu items, or the size of our portions could negatively influence the demand for our menu offerings. We cannot make any assurances regarding
our ability to effectively respond to changes in customer health perceptions, to adapt our menu offerings to trends in eating habits,
or to successfully implement applicable nutrient content disclosure requirements. The imposition of additional menu-labeling laws could
have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition, as well as on the restaurant industry
in general.

Furthermore,
a number of states, counties and cities have enacted menu labeling laws requiring multi-unit restaurant operators to disclose certain
nutritional information to guests or have enacted legislation restricting the use of certain types of ingredients in restaurants. Compliance
with current and future laws and regulations regarding the ingredients and nutritional content of our menu items may be costly and time-consuming.
Additionally, some government authorities are increasing regulations regarding trans-fats and sodium, which may require us to limit trans-fats
and sodium in our menu offerings or switch to higher cost ingredients or may hinder our ability to operate in certain markets. Some jurisdictions
have banned certain cooking ingredients, such as trans-fats, or have discussed banning certain products, such as large sodas. Removal
of these products and ingredients from our menus could negatively affect our menu offerings, guest satisfaction levels, and sales volumes.
If we or our franchisees fail to comply with these laws or regulations, we could be subject to governmental enforcement actions and fines
and civil and criminal liability, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial
condition.

58

Compliance
with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations may negatively affect our business.

We
are subject to various federal, state, local, and foreign environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including those concerning
climate change, pollution, waste disposal, and the presence, use, management, handling, storage, discharge, release, treatment and disposal
of, and exposure to and remediation of, hazardous substances and waste. These laws and regulations can be costly to comply with and provide
for significant criminal and civil fines and penalties or other sanctions for noncompliance, and joint and several liabilities for remediation,
sometimes without regard to whether the owner or operator of the property knew of, or was responsible for, such contamination. Some of
our restaurants may be located in areas that were previously occupied by companies or operations that had a more significant environmental
impact. We could face costs or liability related to environmental conditions at prior, existing or future restaurant locations, including
sites where we have franchised restaurants. Third parties may also make claims against owners or operators of properties for personal
injuries and property damage associated with releases of, or actual or alleged exposure to, such hazardous substances or waste at, on
or from our company-owned restaurants or franchised restaurants.

Environmental
conditions relating to the release of hazardous substances or waste at prior, existing or future restaurant sites, or our violations
of environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations,
and financial condition. Additionally, environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, and the administration, interpretation
and enforcement thereof, are subject to change and may become more stringent in the future, each of which could materially and adversely
affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.

Furthermore,
there has been increased public focus by governmental and non-governmental entities and our customers on environmental and sustainability
matters such as climate change, reduction of greenhouse gas emissions, water consumption, waste, packaging, and animal health and welfare.
As a result, we may face increased pressure to provide expanded disclosure, make or expand commitments, establish targets or goals, or
take other actions in connection with environmental and sustainability matters. Legislative, regulatory or other efforts to address environmental
and sustainability matters could negatively impact our cost structure and operational efficiencies, or result in future increases in
the cost of raw materials, transportation, utilities, and taxes, which could decrease our operating profits and necessitate future investments
in facilities and equipment. Our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected
to the extent that such environmental or sustainability concerns reduce customer demand for our restaurants.

Failure
to comply with antibribery or anticorruption laws could adversely affect our business operations.

The
U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other similar applicable laws prohibiting bribery of government officials and other corrupt practices
are the subject of increasing emphasis and enforcement around the world. Although we have implemented policies and procedures designed
to promote compliance with these laws, there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, agents, franchisees or other third
parties will not take actions in violation of our policies, procedures or applicable law, particularly as we expand our operations in
emerging markets and elsewhere. Any such violations or suspected violations could subject us to criminal or civil penalties, including
substantial fines and significant investigation costs, and could also materially damage our reputation, brand, international expansion
efforts and growth prospects, business, and operating results. Negative publicity relating to any noncompliance or alleged noncompliance
could also harm our reputation and adversely affect our business and results of operations.

59

New
or revised tax regulations could have an adverse effect in our financial results.

We
are subject to income and other taxes in the United States. Our effective income tax rate and other taxes in the future could be adversely
affected by a number of factors, including changes in the mix of earnings in jurisdictions with different statutory tax rates, changes
in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in tax laws or other legislative changes, and the outcome of income
tax audits. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits could be materially different
from our historical income tax provisions and accruals. The results of a tax audit could have a material effect on our results of operations
or cash flows in the period or periods for which that determination is made. In addition, our effective income tax rate and our results
may be impacted by our ability to realize deferred tax benefits, including our FICA tip credit carryforwards, and by any increases or
decreases of our valuation allowances applied to our existing deferred tax assets. Additional tax regulations could be issued, and there
is no assurance that any future guidance will not adversely affect our financial condition.

Restaurant
companies have been the target of class action lawsuits and other proceedings alleging, among other things, violations of federal and
state workplace and employment laws. Proceedings of this nature are costly, divert management attention and, if successful, could result
in our payment of substantial damages or settlement costs.

Our
business is subject to the risk of litigation by customers, employees, franchisees, suppliers, stockholders or others through private
actions, class actions, administrative proceedings, regulatory actions or other litigation. The outcome of litigation, particularly class
action and regulatory actions, is difficult to assess or quantify. In recent years, restaurant companies, including us, have been subject
to lawsuits alleging violations of federal and state laws regarding workplace and employment conditions, discrimination and similar matters.
A number of these lawsuits, including class action lawsuits, have resulted in the payment of substantial damages by the defendants. Similar
lawsuits have been instituted from time to time alleging violations of various federal and state wage and hour laws regarding, among
other things, employee meal deductions, overtime eligibility of managers, and failure to pay for all hours worked. Such lawsuits may
have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We are currently not a defendant
in any class action lawsuit asserting such a claim. However, we cannot assure you that such a lawsuit will not be filed against
us, and we cannot guarantee that our internal controls and training will be fully effective in preventing any such issues from arising.

Regardless
of whether any claims against us are valid or whether we are liable, claims may be expensive to defend and may divert time and money
away from our operations, resulting in increases in our insurance premiums, and reducing our and our franchisees insurability.
In addition, such claims may generate negative publicity, which could reduce customer traffic and sales. Although we maintain what we
believe to be adequate levels of insurance, insurance may not be available at all or in sufficient amounts to cover any liabilities with
respect to these or other matters. A judgment or other liability in excess of our insurance coverage for any claims or any adverse publicity
resulting from claims could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.

Our
business activities subject us to litigation risk that could affect us adversely by subjecting us to significant money damages and other
remedies or by increasing our litigation expense.

We
and our franchisees are, from time to time, the subject of complaints or litigation, including customer claims, personal-injury claims,
environmental claims, contract claims, claims related to violations of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, the Fair Labor Standards
Act, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, claims related to the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission,
or others alleging violations of federal and state laws regarding workplace and employment conditions, discrimination and similar matters,
advertising laws, intellectual property claims, and other claims made in the ordinary course of business.

60

Each
of these claims may increase costs, reduce the execution of new franchise agreements, and limit the funds available to franchisees to
make their royalty payments to us. Litigation against a franchisee or its affiliates by third parties or regulatory agencies, whether
in the ordinary course of business or otherwise, may also include claims against us by virtue of our relationship with the defendant-franchisee,
whether under vicarious liability, joint employer, or other theories. In addition to decreasing the ability of a defendant-franchisee
to make royalty payments in the event of such claims, and diverting our management resources, adverse publicity resulting from such allegations
may materially and adversely affect us and our brands, regardless of whether these allegations are valid or whether we are liable. Our
international operations may be subject to additional risks related to litigation, including difficulties in enforcement of contractual
obligations governed by foreign law due to differing interpretations of rights and obligations, compliance with multiple and potentially
conflicting laws, new and potentially untested laws and judicial systems, and reduced or diminished protection of intellectual property.
A substantial judgment against us or one of our subsidiaries could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations,
and financial condition.

We
are also subject to dram shop statutes in certain states in which our restaurants are located. These statutes generally
provide that a person injured by an intoxicated person has the right to recover damages from an establishment that wrongfully served
alcoholic beverages to the intoxicated individual. As of September 29, 2024, Twin Peaks is currently the subject of five lawsuits
that allege violations of these statutes. Recent litigation against restaurant chains has resulted in significant judgments and settlements
under dram shop statutes. Because these cases often seek punitive damages, which may not be covered by insurance, a judgment significantly
in excess of our insurance coverage or not covered by insurance could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations,
and financial condition. Regardless of whether any claims against us are valid or whether we are liable, claims may be expensive to defend
and may divert time and money away from operations and hurt our financial performance. Approximately 48.0% and 47.0% of Twin Peaks
food and beverage revenues were derived from the sale of alcoholic beverages during the year ended December 31, 2023 and December 25,
2022, respectively, and approximately 11.8% and 12.3% of Smokey Bones food and beverage revenues were derived from the sale of
alcoholic beverages during the year ended December 31, 2023 and January 1, 2023, respectively. Any adverse publicity resulting from any
allegations arising from a dram shop statute may materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.

We
may engage in litigation with our franchisees.

Although
we believe we generally enjoy positive working relationships with the vast majority of our franchisees, the nature of the franchisor-franchisee
relationship may give rise to litigation with our franchisees. In the ordinary course of business, we are the subject of complaints or
litigation from franchisees, usually related to alleged breaches of contract or wrongful termination under the franchise arrangements.
Additionally, we may in the future engage in litigation with franchisees to enforce the terms of our franchise agreements and compliance
with the respective standards of our brands, as determined necessary to protect our brands, the consistency of our products, and the
customer experience. Conversely, we may in the future also be subject to claims by our franchisees relating to our Franchise Disclosure
Document, including claims based on information contained therein. Engaging in such litigation may be costly and time-consuming, may
distract management, and may materially and adversely affect our relationships with franchisees and our ability to attract new franchisees.
Any negative outcome of these or any other claims could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, as well as our ability
to expand our franchise system, and may damage our reputation and brand. Furthermore, existing and future franchise-related legislation
could subject us to additional litigation risk in the event we terminate or fail to renew a franchise relationship.

61

Litigation
with respect to intellectual property, if decided against us, may result in competing uses or require adoption of new, non-infringing
intellectual property, which may in turn adversely affect sales and revenues.

There
can be no assurance that third parties will not assert claims of infringement, misappropriation, or other violation of intellectual property
against us, or assert claims that our trademarks, service marks, trade names and other intellectual property are invalid or unenforceable.
In addition, our trademarks may be narrowed. Any such claims decided against us could have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations, and financial condition or financial condition. For example, if any of our intellectual property is invalidated
or deemed unenforceable, competing uses of such intellectual property would be permitted and could lead to a decline in our results of
operations. Furthermore, any infringement or misappropriation claims decided against us could result in us being required to pay damages,
cease using our intellectual property, develop or adopt non-infringing intellectual property, or acquire a license to the third-party
intellectual property that is the subject of the asserted claim. There could be significant expenses associated with the defense of any
claims of infringement, misappropriation, or other violation of third-party intellectual property. We may also from time to time have
to assert claims against third parties and initiate litigation in order to enforce our trademarks, service marks, trade names and other
intellectual property. Any such litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources, could be protracted with no
certainty of success, or could fail to achieve an adequate remedy. Any of these occurrences could have a material adverse effect on our
business, results of operations, and financial condition.

Risks
Related to our Organizational Structure

The
dual class structure of our Common Stock has the effect of concentrating voting control with FAT Brands, as FAT Brands will own all of
the shares of our Class B Common Stock and will control approximately 98.6%
of the total voting power of the outstanding shares of our Common Stock immediately following the Spin-Off. This will limit or preclude
your ability to influence matters requiring stockholder approval.

Our
Class B Common Stock is entitled to 50 votes per share, and our Class A Common Stock, which is the stock that is being
distributed in the Spin-Off, is entitled to one vote per share. Each of our Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock will be
deemed to be a separate series of Common Stock for any and all purposes under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware
(which we refer to as the DGCL). Because of the 50-to-1 voting ratio between our Class B Common Stock and our
Class A Common Stock, immediately following the Spin-Off, FAT Brands, which will own (i) an expected 44,571,771 shares of our
Class A Common Stock, and (ii) all of the 2,870,000 outstanding shares of our Class B Common Stock, will in the aggregate have
approximately 98.6% of the total voting power of the outstanding shares of our Common Stock. For as long as FAT Brands
beneficially owns shares of our Common Stock representing at least a majority of the votes entitled to be cast by the holders of our
Common Stock, FAT Brands will be able to elect all of the members of our Board of Directors.

Additionally,
until such time as FAT Brands beneficially owns shares of our Common Stock representing less than a majority of the votes entitled to
be cast by the holders of our Common Stock, FAT Brands will have the ability to take stockholder action without the vote of any other
stockholders and without having to call a stockholders meeting, and the FAT Brands Common Stockholders receiving shares of our Class
A Common Stock in the Spin-Off will not be able to affect the outcome of any stockholder vote during this period. As a result, FAT Brands
will have the ability to control all matters affecting our Company, including, but not limited to:

the
composition of our Board of Directors and, through our Board of Directors, any determination
with respect to our business plans and policies

the
strategy, direction, and objectives of our business;

any
determinations with respect to mergers, acquisitions, and other business combinations

our
acquisition or disposition of assets

62

our
financing activities

changes
to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and our Amended and Restated Bylaws

changes
to the agreements and arrangements providing for our transition to becoming a public company,
including, but not limited to, the Master Separation and Distribution Agreement and the Tax
Matters Agreement

the
number of shares of our Common Stock available for issuance under our 2025 Incentive
Compensation Plan or other compensation plans for our prospective and existing directors,
officers and employees; and

corporate
opportunities that may be suitable for both our Company and FAT Brands.

Immediately
following the Spin-Off, FAT Brands will continue to beneficially hold a majority of the voting power of our Common Stock. We expect FAT
Brands to generally make strategic decisions that it believes are in the best interests of its business as a whole, and these decisions
may not necessarily be in our best interests as a stand-alone company. FAT Brands decisions with respect to us or its ownership
of our Common Stock may be resolved in ways that favor FAT Brands and its stockholders, which may not coincide with the interests of
our other stockholders. Furthermore, FAT Brands interests and objectives as a stockholder of our Company may even directly conflict
with your interests and objectives as a stockholder of our Company. For example, FAT Brands may be more or less interested in our Company
entering into a transaction or conducting an activity due to the impact such transaction or activity may have on FAT Brands as a separate
company, independent from us. In such instances, FAT Brands may exercise its control over us in a way that is beneficial to FAT Brands,
and you will not be able to affect such outcome so long as FAT Brands continues to hold a majority of the voting power of our Common
Stock.

We
expect to be a controlled company within the meaning of the corporate governance standards of Nasdaq, and as a result,
we will qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. We do not currently intend to rely of any of these exemptions
following the completion of the Spin-Off, but there can be no assurance that we will not rely on these exemptions in the future.

So
long as more than 50% of the voting power for the election of our directors is held by an individual, a group, or another company, we
will qualify as a controlled company under the Nasdaq Listing Rules. After the completion of the Spin-Off, FAT Brands will
continue to beneficially hold a majority of the voting power of our outstanding Common Stock. As a result, we are a controlled
company under the Nasdaq Listing Rules. As a controlled company, we are eligible to rely on exemptions from certain Nasdaq corporate
governance requirements, including those that would otherwise require our Board of Directors to have a majority of independent directors
and require that we establish a compensation committee and nominating and corporate governance committee comprised entirely of independent
directors, or otherwise ensure that the compensation of our executive officers and nominees for directors are determined or recommended
to our Board of Directors by the independent members of our Board of Directors. We do not currently intend to rely on any of these exemptions,
but there can be no assurance that we will not rely on these exemptions in the future. If we were to utilize some or all of these exemptions
following the completion of the Spin-Off, holders of our Common Stock will not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of
companies that are subject to all of the corporate governance requirements of Nasdaq. See also ManagementControlled
Company Exemptions.

63

In
order to preserve the ability for FAT Brands to distribute its shares of our Common Stock on a tax-free basis for U.S. federal income
tax purposes, we may be prevented from pursuing opportunities to raise capital, to effectuate acquisitions, or to provide equity incentives
to our directors, officers and employees, which could hurt our ability to grow.

FAT
Brands has advised us that, following the Spin-Off, it may undertake the Potential FAT Brands Distribution. FAT Brands currently intends
to preserve its ability to undertake the Potential FAT Brands Distribution in a manner that that is tax-free for U.S. federal income
tax purposes. Among other requirements, beneficial ownership of at least 80% of the total voting power and 80% of each class of non-voting
capital stock is required in order for FAT Brands to affect a spin-off of its shares of our Common Stock that is tax-free for U.S. federal
income tax purposes. Under the Master Separation and Distribution Agreement and the Tax Matters Agreement we will enter into in connection
with the Reorganization, we will agree to not knowingly take or fail to take any action that could reasonably be expected to preclude
FAT Brands ability to undertake the Potential FAT Brands Distribution. These restrictions could cause us to forgo capital raising
or acquisition opportunities that would otherwise be available to us. As a result, we may be precluded from pursuing certain growth opportunities
or initiatives. See ReorganizationPotential FAT Brands Distribution and Certain Relationships and
Related Party TransactionsAgreements to be Entered into with FAT Brands in Connection with the Reorganization.

On
March 11, 2024, the Treasury Department released the General Explanations of the Administrations Fiscal Year 2025 Revenue Proposals
(which we refer to as the Greenbook), which proposes, among other proposals, imposing new restrictions and requirements
in connection with spin-offs that are structured to be treated as tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In particular, while
current law does not have a specific requirement related to the value of the shares distributed in a tax-free spin-off, the Greenbook
proposals, if implemented, would require ownership by the distributor of 80% or more of a corporations stock by both voting power
and value. Any such restrictions and requirements may adversely affect the ability of FAT Brands to distribute its shares of our Common
Stock in the Potential FAT Brands Distribution on a tax-free basis for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and potentially subject us to
additional restrictions because of our obligations under Master Separation and Distribution Agreement and the Tax Matters Agreement.

Furthermore,
if the Potential FAT Brands Distribution does not occur and FAT Brands does not otherwise dispose of its shares of our Common Stock,
the risks relating to FAT Brands control of us and the potential conflicts of interest between FAT Brands and us will continue
to be relevant to holders of our Class A Common Stock. The liquidity of our Class A Common Stock in the market may be constrained for
as long as FAT Brands continues to hold a significant portion of our Common Stock. A lack of liquidity in our Class A Common Stock could
depress the market price of our Class A Common Stock.

If
FAT Brands pursues the Potential FAT Brands Distribution and there is later a determination that such distribution is taxable for U.S.
federal income tax purposes, we could incur significant liabilities.

The
Potential FAT Brands Distribution, if pursued, may be subject to various conditions, all of which will be waivable by FAT Brands in its
sole discretion, including the receipt of a private letter ruling from the IRS and an opinion of tax counsel to the effect that such
Potential FAT Brands Distribution would be tax-free to FAT Brands and its stockholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In the event
that the Potential FAT Brands Distribution takes place, despite such IRS private letter ruling and opinion of tax counsel, the IRS could
determine on audit that the distribution made under the Potential FAT Brands Distribution is taxable. In such case, FAT Brands and/or
its stockholders could incur significant U.S. federal income tax liabilities, and we could also incur significant liabilities. Under
the Tax Matters Agreement, we will generally be required to indemnify FAT Brands against taxes incurred by FAT Brands that arise as a
result of a breach of any representation made by us, or as a result of us taking or failing to take, as the case may be, certain actions,
including, in each case, those provided for in connection with such IRS private letter ruling and opinion of tax counsel, that result
in the Potential FAT Brands Distribution failing to meet the requirements of a tax-free distribution. Additionally, under the Tax Matters
Agreement, we may be required to indemnify FAT Brands against any tax liabilities arising as a result of an acquisition of our stock
or assets, even if we do not participate in or otherwise facilitate such acquisition.

64

If
FAT Brands pursues the Potential FAT Brands Distribution, we may be subject to significant restrictions, including with respect to our
ability to engage in certain corporate transactions for a two-year period following such distribution, in order to avoid triggering significant
tax-related liabilities.

If
FAT Brands pursues the Potential FAT Brands Distribution, in order to preserve the tax-free treatment for U.S. federal income tax purposes
to FAT Brands of such distribution, under the Tax Matters Agreement, we will be restricted from taking any action that prevents the FAT
Brands Distribution (if pursued) from being treated as tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Specifically, during the two-year
period following the Potential FAT Brands Distribution, except in specific circumstances, we and our subsidiaries generally would be
prohibited from taking the following actions without first obtaining an IRS private letter ruling and an opinion of tax counsel to the
effect that such actions will not result in the Potential FAT Brands Distribution failing to qualify as a tax-free spin-off: (i) ceasing
to conduct our business, (ii) entering into certain transactions pursuant to which all or a portion of the shares of our Common Stock
or certain of our and our subsidiaries assets would be acquired, (iii) liquidating, merging, or consolidating with any other entity,
(iv) issuing our equity securities beyond certain thresholds, (v) repurchasing our shares other than in certain open-market transactions,
(vi) amending our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or taking any other action that would affect the voting rights of
our capital stock, or (vii) taking or failing to take any other action that would be reasonably likely to cause the Potential FAT Brands
Distribution to fail to qualify as a transaction that is generally tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Such restrictions may
reduce our strategic and operating flexibility.

The
arrangements we make with FAT Brands in connection with the Reorganization and the Spin-Off may not be adequate and could harm our operations,
thereby adversely affecting our business, results of operations, and financial condition.

We
and the Twin Group are the first and only subsidiaries to be separated from the FAT Brands organization in a spin-off. In connection
with the Reorganization, we have made and will make various separation, transition, and ongoing arrangements with FAT Brands. However,
we cannot be certain that such arrangements will fully and adequately address all of our needs as a standalone company after the Reorganization
and the Spin-Off. If the arrangements we have made with FAT Brands are not comprehensive enough to meet our needs as a standalone company,
our operations and financial performance may be adversely impacted.

The
agreements we are putting in place with FAT Brands in connection with the Reorganization and the Spin-Off are being entered into while
we and the Twin Group are subsidiaries of FAT Brands with relatively limited negotiating power. The agreements were not negotiated at
arms length and contain certain terms that we would not have agreed to with an unaffiliated third party. For example, FAT Brands
will have the right to, and will have no duty not to, among other actions, (i) engage in the same or similar business activities or lines
of business as we do, (ii) open restaurants in the vicinity where we currently have restaurants, and (iii) do business with any of our
franchisees or customer. These and other terms of our agreements with FAT Brands may put us at a disadvantage relative to our competitors
and peer companies and could adversely impact our operations and financial performance. For more information regarding these agreements,
see the section entitled Certain Relationships and Related Party TransactionsAgreements to be Entered into with FAT
Brands in Connection with the Reorganization.

We
cannot know how the market will react over time to our unique arrangements with FAT Brands, or how those arrangements will develop as
our relationship with FAT Brands evolves. We are carefully preparing for our separation from FAT Brands, but due to the unique structure
we are employing, there may be many foreseeable and unforeseeable adverse effects on us if the expected benefits of our arrangements
with FAT Brands are not realized by us.

65

Our
inability to maintain a strong relationship with FAT Brands, or to resolve favorably any disputes that may arise between us and FAT Brands,
could result in a significant reduction of our revenue.

Maintaining
a strong relationship with FAT Brands will be important to our success as long as FAT Brands remains a majority stockholder. Disputes
may arise between us and FAT Brands in a number of areas relating to our ongoing relationship, including:

our
strategy, direction, and objectives as a business

tax,
indemnification, and other matters arising from our separation from FAT Brands

financing
or other business activities which may require the consent of FAT Brands;

business
combinations involving us

sales
or dispositions by FAT Brands of all or any portion of the shares of our Common Stock that
it holds and

business
opportunities that may be attractive to both us and FAT Brands.

We
may not be able to resolve any potential conflicts between us and FAT Brands. Assuming we are able to resolve any such potential conflict,
we intend for such resolution to be comparable to the resolution that we would reach with an unaffiliated third party, however, the resolution
that we actually reach may be less favorable than if we were dealing with an unaffiliated third party.

Additionally,
the agreements we will enter into with FAT Brands may be amended upon agreement between the parties thereto. While we are controlled
by FAT Brands, we may not have the leverage to negotiate such agreements or amendments to such agreements, if required, on terms that
are as favorable to us as those we would potentially be able to obtain from an unaffiliated third party.

Our
business and that of FAT Brands overlap, and FAT Brands is not prohibited from competing with us, which could reduce our market share.

We
and FAT Brands are both engaged in the restaurant business to provide casual dining experiences to customers around the world. There
can be no assurance that FAT Brands will not engage in increased competition with us in the future. Additionally, the Master Separation
and Distribution Agreement that we will enter into with FAT Brands in connection with the Reorganization will provide that FAT Brands
has the right to, subject to limitations, open restaurants that in the geographic proximity to our Twin Peaks restaurants.

Furthermore,
FAT Brands could assert control over us in a manner that could impede our growth or our ability to enter new markets, or otherwise adversely
affect our business. For example, FAT Brands could utilize its control over us to cause us to take or refrain from taking certain actions,
such as entering into relationships with vendors, suppliers, and other marketing partners, or pursuing corporate opportunities or business
development initiatives that could affect our competitive position, including our competitive position relative to that of FAT Brands
in markets where we compete with FAT Brands restaurants or eateries. If any of these scenarios were to materialize, our market
share could be reduced, which could have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations.

66

The
historical financial statements and information of the Twin Group as a consolidated group of subsidiaries of FAT Brands may not be representative
of our results as an independent public company.

The
historical consolidated financial statements and information of the Twin Group included in this Information Statement does not necessarily
reflect what our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows would have been had we been an independent, stand-alone company
during the historical periods presented. Actual costs that may have been incurred if we had operated as an independent, stand-alone company
would depend on a number of factors, including the chosen organizational structure, the outsourcing of certain functions, and other strategic
decisions. The historical financial information is not necessarily indicative of what our results of operations, financial position,
cash flows, or costs and expenses will be in the future. Additionally, we have provided pro forma financial information that gives effect
to the Smokey Bones Acquisition, the Reorganization and the Spin-Off, as further described under Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed
Combined Financial Information. The pro forma financial information included in this Information Statement is also not representative
of our results as an independent public company. For additional information, see Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial
Information, Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,
our audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022 and the related notes
thereto, our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements as of September 29, 2024 and for the thirty-nine weeks
ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023 and the related notes thereto, and the audited financial statements of
Barbeque Integrated, Inc. as of and for the years ended December 31, 2023 and January 1, 2023 and the related notes thereto, included
elsewhere in this Information Statement.

FAT
Brands faces risks related to pending government charges and is a party to stockholder litigation, and third parties may seek to hold
us responsible for liabilities of FAT Brands, which could cause us to incur additional expenses and result in a decrease in our income.

Third
parties may seek to hold us responsible for FAT Brands liabilities. On May 10, 2024, the U.S. Department of Justice indicted FAT
Brands on two violations of Section 402 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act for directly and indirectly extending and/or arranging for the extension
of credit in 2019 and 2020 to its former Chief Executive Officer, Andrew Wiederhorn, in the aggregate amount of $2.65 million. 
In addition, the SEC filed a complaint against FAT Brands alleging that for periods covering 2017 through 2020, FAT Brands failed to
disclose certain related party transactions, failed to maintain proper books and records and internal accounting controls, made false
or misleading statements regarding FAT Brands liquidity and use of proceeds from certain transactions, and directly or indirectly
extended credit to Mr. Wiederhorn in the form of a personal loan. A putative civil securities class action lawsuit was subsequently filed
by a FAT Brands stockholder against FAT Brands, its current co-chief executive officers, and Mr. Wiederhorn, alleging that, in FAT Brands
reports filed with the SEC, they made false and misleading statements and omitted material facts related to the subject matter of the
government investigations and litigation, their handling of those matters, and their cooperation with the government. Furthermore, FAT
Brands is also a party to stockholder derivative actions against certain of its current and former directors and its majority stockholder,
Fog Cutter Holdings LLC, with respect to claims of breaches of fiduciary duty, unjust enrichment and waste of corporate assets arising
out of FAT Brands merger with Fog Cutter Capital Group, Inc. in December 2020, and FAT Brands recapitalization transaction
in June 2021. Such governmental charges and stockholder derivative actions present certain risks, and at this stage, FAT Brands is not
able to reasonably estimate the outcome or duration of those actions, nor can it predict what consequences any such action may have on
FAT Brands. Moreover, there could be developments of which FAT Brands is not aware, and which could result in further proceedings against
Mr. Wiederhorn, FAT Brands, and its other directors, officers and employees. FAT Brands may incur additional costs in connection with
the defense or settlement of existing and any future stockholder actions, including the stockholder derivative actions that have been
brought against it and certain of its current and former directors.

Our
relationship with FAT Brands, as our majority stockholder, may harm our reputation and make us more of a target for litigation than we
otherwise would be on our own. Under our Master Separation and Distribution Agreement to be entered into with FAT Brands in connection
with the Reorganization and the Spin-Off, we will indemnify FAT Brands for claims and losses relating to liabilities related to the Twin
Group and our business, but not related to FAT Brands remaining business, and FAT Brands will indemnify us for claims and losses
relating to liabilities related to FAT Brands remaining business, but not related to the Twin Group or our business. However,
if those liabilities related to FAT Brands business are significant and we are ultimately held liable for them, we cannot assure
you that we will be able to recover the full amount of our losses from FAT Brands.

67

Certain
of our directors are also directors of FAT Brands, and own stock and stock options of FAT Brands, which could cause conflicts of interest
that could result in us not acting on opportunities we otherwise may have.

Two
of our directors are also directors of FAT Brands, and own shares of FAT Brands Class A Common Stock and stock options to purchase
shares of FAT Brands Class A Common Stock. The presence of directors of FAT Brands on our Board of Directors, and ownership of such shares
and stock options of FAT Brands by such directors after the Spin-Off, could create, or appear to create, conflicts of interest with respect
to matters involving both us and FAT Brands that could have different implications for us than they do for FAT Brands. Provisions of
our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation address corporate opportunities that are presented to our directors that are
also directors of FAT Brands, however, we cannot assure you that such provisions will adequately address potential conflicts of interest,
that potential conflicts of interest will be resolved in our favor, or that we will be able to take advantage of corporate opportunities
presented to individuals who are directors of both our Company and FAT Brands. As a result, we may be precluded from pursuing certain
growth initiatives, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations.

We
are a holding company with no operations, and, as such, we depend on our subsidiaries for cash to fund our operations and expenses, including
future dividend payments, if any.

We
are a holding company. Accordingly, our ability to conduct our operations, service our debt, and pay dividends, if any, is dependent
upon the earnings from the businesses and cash flows generated by the activities conducted by our subsidiaries. The distribution of those
earnings or advances or other distributions of funds by our subsidiaries to us, as well as our receipt of such funds, are contingent
upon such earnings and cash flows generated of our subsidiaries and are subject to various business considerations and applicable law.
Our subsidiaries are separate legal entities, and although they are directly or indirectly wholly-owned and controlled by us, they have
no obligation to make any funds available to us, whether in the form of dividends, distributions, loans or otherwise. If our subsidiaries
are unable to make sufficient distributions or advances to us, or if there are limitations on our ability to receive such distributions
or advances, we may not have the cash resources necessary to conduct our corporate operations, including servicing our debt or paying
dividends, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.

Risks
Related to the Spin-Off

Until
the Spin-Off occurs, FAT Brands has sole discretion to change the terms of the Spin-Off in ways that may be unfavorable to us, and FAT
Brands may fail to perform under the transaction agreements that will be executed as part of the Spin-Off.

Until
the Spin-Off occurs, we will continue to be a group of wholly-owned subsidiaries of FAT Brands. Accordingly, FAT Brands will have the
sole and absolute discretion to determine and change the terms of the Spin-Off, including the establishment of the Record Date and the
Distribution Date. These changes could be unfavorable to us. In addition, FAT Brands may decide at any time not to proceed with the Spin-Off.

Furthermore,
in connection with the Spin-Off, we and FAT Brands will enter into a Master Separation and Distribution Agreement and a Tax Matters Agreement.
We will rely on FAT Brands to satisfy its obligations under these agreements.
If FAT Brands is unable to satisfy its obligations under these agreements, including its indemnification obligations, we could incur
operational difficulties or losses, which may have a material adverse effect on our financial position and cash flows.

68

We
may be unable to achieve some or all of the benefits that we expect to achieve from the Spin-Off, and the Spin-Off may materially and
adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.

We
believe that, as an independent public company, we will be able to, among other things, better focus our financial and operational resources
on our specific business, implement and maintain a capital structure designed to meet our specific needs, design and implement corporate
strategies and policies that are targeted to our business, more effectively respond to industry dynamics, and create effective incentives
for our management and employees that are more closely tied to our business performance (see The Spin-OffReasons for
the Spin-Off). However, we may be unable to achieve the full strategic and financial benefits expected to result from the
Spin-Off, or such benefits may be delayed or not occur at all. 

In
addition, we may be unable to achieve some or all of the benefits that we expect to achieve as an independent public company in the time
we expect, or at all. The completion of the Spin-Off will also require significant amounts of our managements time and effort,
which may divert our managements attention from operating and growing our business.

We
may have been able to receive better terms from unaffiliated third parties than the terms we receive in our agreements with FAT Brands.

We
have negotiated and will enter into agreements with FAT Brands, including the Master Separation and Distribution Agreement and the Tax
Matters Agreement, while we are still a group of wholly-owned subsidiaries of FAT Brands. Accordingly, these agreements may not reflect
terms that would have resulted from arms-length negotiations between unaffiliated parties. The terms of the agreements being negotiated
relate to, among other things, rights, allocation of liabilities, indemnifications, and other obligations between us and FAT Brands.
See Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions for more information.

In
connection with our separation from FAT Brands, FAT Brands will indemnify us for certain liabilities, and we will indemnify FAT Brands
for certain liabilities. If we are required to pay under these indemnities to FAT Brands, our financial position could be negatively
impacted. The FAT Brands indemnity may not be sufficient to hold us harmless from the full amount of liabilities for which FAT Brands
will be allocated responsibility, and FAT Brands may not be able to satisfy its indemnification obligations in the future.

Pursuant
to the Master Separation and Distribution Agreement and the Tax Matters Agreement with FAT Brands, FAT Brands will agree to indemnify
us for certain liabilities, and we will agree to indemnify FAT Brands for certain liabilities, as discussed further in the section entitled
Certain Relationships and Related Person TransactionsAgreements to be Entered into with FAT Brands in Connection with
the Reorganization. Indemnities that we may be required to provide to FAT Brands may be significant and could negatively impact
our financial position and cash flows. Third parties could also seek to hold us responsible for any of the liabilities of FAT Brands.
Any amounts we are required to pay pursuant to these indemnification obligations and other liabilities could require us to divert cash
that would otherwise have been used in furtherance of our operating business.

Additionally,
the indemnities provided to us from FAT Brands may not be sufficient to protect us against the full amount of any liabilities, and FAT
Brands may not be able to fully satisfy its indemnification obligations. Moreover, even if we ultimately succeed in recovering from FAT
Brands any amounts for which they are held liable, we may be temporarily required to bear these losses ourselves. Each of these risks
could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and cash flows.

69

As
an independent public company, we may not enjoy the same benefits that we did as a part of FAT Brands.

There
is a risk that, by separating from FAT Brands, we may become more susceptible to market fluctuations and other adverse events than we
would have been if we were still a part of the current FAT Brands organizational structure. As part of FAT Brands, we have been able
to enjoy certain benefits from FAT Brands operating diversity, size, purchasing power, cost of capital, and borrowing capacity.
As an independent public company, we may not have the same benefits. Additionally, as part of FAT Brands, we have been able to leverage
FAT Brands historical reputation, performance, and brand identity to recruit and retain key personnel to run and operate our business.
As an independent public company, we will need to develop new strategies, and it may be more difficult for us to recruit or retain such
key personnel.

The requirements
of being a public company may strain our resources and divert our managements attention.

As
a public company, we will be subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and the Nasdaq Listing
Rules. The requirements of these rules and regulations will increase our legal and financial compliance costs, make some activities more
difficult, time-consuming, or costly, and increase demand on our systems and resources. After the completion of the Spin-Off, we will
be obligated to file with the SEC annual, quarterly, and other periodic information and other reports that are specified under the Exchange
Act, and therefore will need to have the ability to prepare financial statements on a timely basis that are compliant with all SEC reporting
requirements.

Additionally,
we will be subject to other reporting and corporate governance requirements, including certain requirements and provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, which will impose significant compliance obligations upon us. The Sarbanes-Oxley
Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures for, and internal controls over, financial
reporting. In order to maintain and, if required, improve our disclosure controls and procedures for, and internal controls over, financial
reporting to meet applicable standards, significant resources and management oversight will be required, and our managements attention
may be diverted from other business concerns. As an emerging growth company, our independent registered public accounting firm will not
be required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting until the first annual report required
to be filed with the SEC following the date we are no longer an emerging growth company. Complying with the requirements of being a public
company could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition.

Furthermore,
although we previously have been indirectly subject to these requirements as a subsidiary of FAT Brands, we might not be successful in
implementing these requirements. The increased costs of compliance with public company reporting requirements and our potential failure
to satisfy these requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition.

Certain
members of our management team have limited recent experience managing a public company, and our current resources may not be sufficient
to fulfill our public company obligations.

As
a public company, we will be subject to various regulatory requirements, including those of the SEC and Nasdaq. These requirements relate
to, among other matters, record keeping, financial reporting, and corporate governance. Certain key members of our management team have
limited experience in managing a public company. Additionally, our internal infrastructure may not be adequate to support our increased
reporting obligations, and we may be unable to hire, train or retain necessary staff, and as such, we may initially be reliant on engaging
outside consultants or professionals to overcome our lack of experience or team members. If our internal infrastructure is inadequate,
we are unable to engage outside consultants or professionals at a reasonable rate or attract talented team members to perform these functions,
or are otherwise unable to fulfill our public company obligations, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of
operations, and financial condition.

70

Risks
Related to our Class A Common Stock

No
market for our Class A Common Stock currently exists and an active trading market for our Class A Common Stock may never develop or be
sustained after the Spin-Off. Following the Spin-Off, the market price of our Class A Common Stock may fluctuate significantly.

Prior
to the Spin-Off, there has not been any public trading market for shares of our Class A Common Stock. Our Class A Common Stock
has been approved for listing on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol TWNP. We
anticipate that our Class A Common Stock will commence trading on the Nasdaq Global Market on the next trading day following the Distribution
Date. However, an active trading market for our Class A Common Stock may not develop as a result of the Spin-Off or may not
be sustained in the future. The lack of an active market may make it more difficult for you to
sell our Class A Common Stock and could lead to the market price of our Class A Common Stock being depressed or volatile.

We
cannot predict the prices at which our Class A Common Stock may trade after the Spin-Off. Additionally,
until the market has fully evaluated our Company as an independent public company, the prices at which shares of our Class A Common Stock
trade may fluctuate significantly. The potential increased volatility of the market price of our Class A Common Stock following the Spin-Off
may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. The market price and trading volume
of our Class A Common Stock may fluctuate widely depending on many factors, some of which may be beyond our control, including,
among others, the following:

variations
in our quarterly or annual operating results;

changes
in our earnings estimates (if provided), or differences between our actual operating and financial results and those expected by
analysts and investors;

the
failure of securities analysts to cover our Class A Common Stock, or changes in estimates by analysts who cover our Company and competitors
in our industry;

initiatives
undertaken by our competitors, including, for example, the opening of new restaurants in our existing markets;

actual
or anticipated fluctuations in our or our competitors results of operations, and our and our competitors growth rates;

announcements
by us or our competitors of significant contracts, acquisitions, dispositions, or strategic relationships;

capital
commitments;

any
increased indebtedness we may incur in the future;

actions
by our stockholders;

investor
perceptions of our Company, our competitors, and our industry;

recruitment
or departure of key personnel;

adoption
or modification of laws, regulations, policies, procedures or programs applicable to our business, or announcements relating to these
matters;

general
economic conditions; and

geopolitical
incidents.

71

The Spin-Off differs significantly from an
underwritten initial public offering.

Prior
to the opening of trading of our Class A Common Stock on the Nasdaq Global Market, there will be no book building process and
no price at which underwriters initially sell shares to the public to help inform efficient and sufficient price discovery with respect
to the opening trades. The listing of our Class A Common Stock on the Nasdaq Global Market in connection with the Spin-Off differs
from an underwritten initial public offering in several significant ways, which include, but are not limited to, the following:

There are no underwriters. Therefore, any buy and sell
orders submitted prior to and at the opening of trading of our Class A Common Stock on the Nasdaq Global Market will not have
the benefit of being informed by a published price range or a price at which the underwriters initially sell shares to the public,
as would be the case in an underwritten initial public offering. Additionally, there will be no underwriters assuming risk in connection
with the initial resale of shares of our Class A Common Stock. Given that there will be no underwriters engaging in stabilizing transactions
with respect to the trading of our Class A Common Stock on the Nasdaq Global Market, there could be greater volatility in
the market price of our Class A Common Stock during the period immediately following the listing. See No market
for our Class A Common Stock currently exists and an active trading market for our Class A Common Stock may never develop or be sustained
after the Spin-Off. Following the Spin-Off, the market price of our Class A Common Stock may fluctuate significantly.
Above. 

We did not conduct a traditional roadshow
with underwriters prior to the opening of trading of our Class A Common Stock on the Nasdaq Global Market. As a result, there
may not be efficient or sufficient price discovery with respect to our Class A Common Stock or sufficient demand among potential
investors immediately following its listing, which could result in a more volatile market price of our Class A Common Stock.

Such
differences from an underwritten initial public offering could result in a volatile market price for our Class A Common Stock and uncertain
trading volume.

The
market price and trading volume of our Class A Common Stock may be volatile, which could result in rapid and substantial losses for our
stockholders.

The
market price of our Class A Common Stock may be highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations, including significant declines
in the future. Additionally, the trading volume of our Class A Common Stock may fluctuate and cause significant price variations to occur.
If the market price of our Class A Common Stock declines significantly, stockholders may be unable to resell their shares of our Class
A Common Stock at or above the initial trading price of our Class A Common Stock, if at all.

Certain
broad market and industry factors may materially decrease the market price of our Class A Common Stock, regardless of our actual operating
performance. The stock market in general has from time to time experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations, including recently.
Moreover, in the past, following periods of volatility in the overall market and decreases in the market price of a companys securities,
securities class action lawsuits have often been initiated against such a company. Such litigation, if instituted against us, could result
in substantial costs and a diversion of our resources, as well as our managements attention.

Substantial
sales of our Class A Common Stock may occur in connection with the Spin-Off, or in the future, which could cause the market price of
our Class A Common Stock to decline or be volatile.

FAT
Brands Common Stockholders receiving shares of our Class A Common Stock in the Spin-Off may sell those shares of Class A Common Stock
immediately in the public market. Our business profile and market capitalization may not fit the investment objectives of some FAT Brands
Common Stockholders, and, as a result, such FAT Brands Common Stockholders may sell their shares of our Class A Common Stock after the
Spin-Off. It is likely that some FAT Brands Common Stockholders, including some of the larger FAT Brands Common Stockholders, will sell
their shares of our Class A Common Stock received in the Spin-Off, and such sales could cause the market price of our Class A Common
Stock to decline or be volatile.

72

We
cannot predict the effect our dual class Common Stock structure may have on the market price of our Class A Common Stock.

We
cannot predict whether the dual class structure of our Common Stock will result in a lower or more volatile market price of our Class
A Common Stock, or in adverse publicity or other adverse consequences. For example, certain index providers have announced restrictions
on including companies with multiple-class share structures in certain of their indexes. S&P Dow Jones and FTSE Russell have announced
changes to their eligibility criteria for inclusion of shares of public companies on certain indices, including the S&P 500, and
these changes exclude companies with multiple classes of shares of common stock from being added to these indices. Additionally, several
stockholder advisory firms have announced their opposition to the use of multiple class structures. As a result, the dual class structure
of our Common Stock may prevent the inclusion of our Class A Common Stock in such indices and may cause stockholder advisory firms to
publish negative commentary about our corporate governance practices or otherwise seek to cause us to change our capital structure. These
policies are relatively new and it is unclear what effect, if any, they will have on the valuations of publicly traded companies excluded
from such indices, but it is possible they may depress valuations, compared to similar companies that are included in such indices. Given
the sustained flow of investment funds into passive strategies that seek to track certain indices, exclusion from certain stock indices
would likely preclude investment by many of these funds and could make our Class A Common Stock less attractive to investors. As a result,
the market price of our Class A Common Stock could be adversely affected.

We
do not expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future.

We
do not anticipate paying any dividends on our Common Stock in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain all available funds
and any future earnings to fund the development and growth of our operations and to repay outstanding debt. Additionally, any future
indebtedness may contain restrictive covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us, including restrictions
on our ability to pay dividends and make other restricted payments. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our Class A Common
Stock may be your sole source of gain with respect to our Class A Common Stock for the foreseeable future. While we may change this policy
at some point in the future, we cannot assure you that we will ever make such a change. See Dividend Policy.

We
are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company and comply with reduced reporting requirements
applicable to emerging growth companies and smaller reporting companies, which may make our Class A Common Stock less attractive to investors.

We
are an emerging growth company (as defined under the JOBS Act), and we have elected to take advantage of specified reduced
reporting and other requirements that are otherwise applicable generally to reporting companies that make filings with the SEC. For so
long as we remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required to, among other things, (i) present more than two years of audited
financial statements and two years of related selected financial information and managements discussion and analysis of financial
condition and results of operations disclosure in our Registration Statement on Form 10, of which this Information Statement is a part,
(ii) have an auditor report on our internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, (iii)
comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditors
report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (i.e., an auditor discussion and analysis), (iv)
submit certain executive compensation matters, such as say-on-pay, say-on-frequency and say-on-golden
parachutes, to our stockholders for non-binding advisory votes, and (v) disclose certain executive compensation related items,
such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance, and a comparison of our Chief Executive Officers compensation
to the median compensation of our employees. As a result of these elections, the information that we provide in this Information Statement
may be different from the information you may receive from other public companies in which you hold securities. Additionally, even if
we begin to comply with the greater obligations of public companies that are not emerging growth companies, we may avail ourselves of
the reduced requirements applicable to emerging growth companies from time to time in the future.

73

The
JOBS Act also permits emerging growth companies to take advantage of an extended transition period to comply with new or revised accounting
standards applicable to public companies. We have elected to use the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting
standards under Section 102(b)(2) of the JOBS Act. This election allows us to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards
that have different effective dates for public and private companies until those standards apply to private companies. As a result, our
consolidated financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates.

We
will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (i) the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the
completion of the Spin-Off, (ii) the last day of the first fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.235
billion, (iii) the last day of the fiscal year in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer under the Exchange
Act, which means the market value of the shares of our Common Stock that are held by non-affiliates exceeds $700.0 million as of the
last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter, and (iv) the date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion
in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period.

Furthermore,
we are also a smaller reporting company, as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act, since the market value of our
stock held by non-affiliates is less than $250 million. If we continue to qualify as a smaller reporting company at the time we cease
to be an emerging growth company, we may continue to rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements for our SEC filings that
are available to smaller reporting companies. In particular, for so long as we remain a smaller reporting company, we (i) may choose
to present only the two most recent fiscal years of audited financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, and (ii) have reduced
disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation. We will remain a smaller reporting company: (a) until the fiscal year following
the determination that the market value of our stock held by non-affiliates is more than $250 million, measured on the last business
day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter, or (b) if our annual revenues are less than $100 million during our most recently
completed fiscal year, until the fiscal year following the determination that the market value of our stock held by non-affiliates is
more than $700 million, measured on the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter.

We
cannot predict whether our Class A Common Stock is less attractive if we continue to rely on the exemptions available to emerging growth
companies and smaller reporting companies. If our Class A Common Stock is less attractive as a result of our reliance on the available
exemptions, there may be a less active trading market for our Class A Common Stock and the market price of our Class A Common Stock may
be more volatile.

The
issuance by us of additional equity securities may dilute your ownership and adversely affect the market price of our Class A Common
Stock.

After
the Spin-Off, we will have an aggregate of 100,000,000 authorized but unissued shares of Class A Common Stock. Our Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation authorizes us to issue shares of our Common Stock and rights relating to our Common Stock on the terms and
conditions and for consideration established by our Board of Directors in its sole discretion, whether in connection with acquisitions
or otherwise. Additionally, under the terms of the Master Separation and Distribution Agreement we will enter into with FAT Brands in
connection with the Reorganization and the Spin-Off, we will grant FAT Brands a continuing right to purchase from us such number of shares
of our Common Stock as is necessary for FAT Brands to maintain an aggregate ownership of our Common Stock representing at least 80% of
our Common Stock outstanding following the completion of the Spin-Off. See Certain Relationships and Related Party TransactionsAgreements
to be Entered into with FAT Brands in Connection with the ReorganizationMaster Separation and Distribution Agreement.
Any shares of Common Stock that we issue, including under our 2025 Incentive Compensation Plan or in connection with the Master
Separation and Distribution Agreement, would dilute the percentage ownership held by the FAT Brands Common Stockholders who receive shares
of our Class A Common Stock in the Spin-Off.

74

In
the future, we may attempt to obtain financing or further increase our capital resources by issuing additional shares of our Common Stock
or securities convertible into shares of our Common Stock, or by offering debt or other securities. We could also issue shares of our
Common Stock, securities convertible into our Common Stock, debt, or other securities in connection with acquisitions or other strategic
transactions. Issuing additional shares of our Common Stock, securities convertible into shares of our Common Stock, debt, or other securities
may dilute the economic and voting rights of our existing stockholders and could reduce the market price of our Class A Common Stock.

Upon
liquidation, holders of preferred shares (if any), holders of debt securities, and lenders with respect to other borrowings, would receive
a distribution of our distributable assets prior to the holders of our Common Stock. Debt securities convertible into equity securities
could be subject to adjustments in the conversion ratio pursuant to which certain events may increase the number of equity securities
issuable upon conversion. Preferred shares (if any) could have a preference with respect to liquidating distributions, or preferences
with respect to dividend payments, that could limit our ability to pay dividends to the holders of our Common Stock. Our decision to
issue any securities in the future will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, which may adversely affect
the amount, timing, and nature of any future offerings by us. As a result, holders of our Class A Common Stock bear the risk that any
future offerings by us may reduce the market price of our Class A Common Stock and dilute their stockholdings in our Company.

The
anti-takeover provisions in our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation could prevent or delay a change in control of our company,
even if such change in control would be beneficial to our stockholders.

Provisions
of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and our Amended and Restated Bylaws, as well as applicable provisions of the
DGCL, could discourage, delay or prevent a merger, acquisition or other change in control of our Company, even if such change in control
would be beneficial to our stockholders. These provisions include:

the
dual class structure of our Common Stock, which provides FAT Brands, as the holder of all
of the outstanding shares of our Class B Common Stock, with the ability to significantly
influence the outcome of matters requiring stockholder approval, even if they own less than
a majority of the outstanding shares of our Common Stock

authorizing
the issuance of blank check preferred stock that could be issued by our Board
of Directors to increase the number of outstanding shares and thwart a takeover attempt;

limiting
the ability of stockholders to call special meetings or amend our Amended and Restated Bylaws;

requiring
all stockholder actions to be taken at a meeting of our stockholders; and

establishing
advance notice and duration of ownership requirements for nominations for election to our
Board of Directors, or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by our stockholders at
stockholder meetings.

These
provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for minority stockholders to elect directors of their choosing
or cause us to take other corporate actions they desire. Additionally, because our Board of Directors is responsible for appointing the
members of our management team, these provisions could in turn affect any attempt by our stockholders to replace current members of our
management team.

Furthermore,
the DGCL prohibits us, except under specified circumstances, from engaging in any mergers, significant sales of stock or assets, or business
combinations with any stockholder or group of stockholders who owns at least 15% of the total voting power of our Common Stock.

75

The
provision of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation requiring exclusive venue in the Court of Chancery in the State of
Delaware for certain types of lawsuits may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers.

Our
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to an alternative forum, the Court
of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or if the Court of Chancery lacks jurisdiction, a state court located within the State of Delaware
or the federal district court for the District of Delaware) will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum
for any (a) derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; (b) action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by
or other wrongdoing by any current or former director, officer, employee, agent or stockholder to our Company or our stockholders; (c)
action asserting a claim arising under any provision of the DGCL or our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or our Amended
and Restated Bylaws (as either may be amended from time to time), or as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery
of the State of Delaware; or (d) action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine. For the avoidance of doubt, our
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation also provides that the foregoing exclusive forum provision does not apply to
actions brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, or any rules or regulations promulgated
thereunder, or any other claim or cause of action for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction.

Our
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation also provides that, unless we consent in writing to an alternative forum, the
federal district courts of the United States will be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any action asserting a claim
arising under the Securities Act or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Pursuant to the Exchange Act, claims arising thereunder
must be brought in federal district courts of the United States.

To
the fullest extent permitted by law, any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in any shares of
our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of, and consented to, the forum provision in our Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation. This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholders ability to bring a claim in a different judicial forum,
including one that such stockholder may find favorable or convenient for a specified class of disputes with us, our directors, officers
or employees, or other stockholders, which may discourage such lawsuits, make them more difficult or expensive to pursue, and/or result
in outcomes that are less favorable to such stockholder than outcomes that may have been attainable in other judicial forums or jurisdictions.
By agreeing to this provision, however, stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws
and the rules and regulations thereunder. The enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in other companies certificates
of incorporation has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that a court could find these types of provisions to be
inapplicable or unenforceable. If a court were to find the choice of forum provisions in our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other judicial
forums or jurisdictions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition.

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research, or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research, about us or our business, the
market price and trading volume of our Class A Common Stock could decline.

The
trading market for our Class A Common Stock will be influenced by the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish
about us or our business. We do not currently have and may never obtain research coverage by securities and industry analysts. If no
securities or industry analysts commence coverage of us, the market price for our Class A Common Stock would be negatively impacted.
If we obtain securities or industry analyst coverage and if one or more of these analysts ceases coverage of our Company or fails to
publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause the market price and/or
trading volume of our Class A Common Stock to decline. Moreover, if our results of operations do not meet the expectations of the investor
community, or one or more of the analysts who cover our Company downgrade our Class A Common Stock, the market price of our Class A Common
Stock could decline.

76

General
Risk Factors

Our
liquidity could be adversely affected by adverse conditions in the financial markets or with respect to financial institutions.

Our
available cash and cash equivalents are held in accounts with, or managed by, financial institutions, and consist of cash in our operating
accounts and cash and cash equivalents invested in money market funds. The amount of cash in our operating accounts exceeds the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation insurance limits. While we monitor our accounts regularly and adjust our balances as appropriate, the valuation
of, or our access to, these accounts could be adversely impacted if the underlying financial institutions fail or become subject to other
adverse conditions in the financial markets. The operations of U.S. and global financial services institutions are inter-connected, and
the performance and financial strength of specific institutions are subject to rapid change, the timing and extent of which cannot be
known. To date, we have not experienced any realized losses on, or any lack of access to, our cash held in operating accounts or our
invested cash or cash equivalents; however, we can provide no assurance that our access to our cash held in operating accounts or our
invested cash and cash equivalents will not be impacted by adverse conditions in the financial markets or with respect to financial institutions.

We
will need to raise additional capital in the future, which may not be available on terms acceptable to us, or at all.

We
have historically relied upon, and we intend to continue to rely on, cash generated by our operations to fund our operations and strategy.
We will also need to access the debt and equity capital markets. For example, under the terms of the Twin Securitization Notes,
upon each Qualified Equity Offering, which is a public or private offering by us of our common equity securities for cash, we are required,
subject to certain limited exceptions, to use 75% of the net proceeds from such offering towards the repayment of the Twin Securitization
Notes, until an aggregate of $75,000,000 has been repaid in that manner. If the amount of net proceeds from our Qualified Equity Offerings
used for repayment of the Twin Securitization Notes is not at least $25,000,000 on or prior to each of April 25, 2025, July 25, 2025
and October 27, 2025, or is not at least $75,000,000 on or prior to January 26, 2026, then under any such circumstance, a Cash Flow Sweeping
Event would occur, whereupon certain excess cash flows from our operations will be used to make additional principal payments, on a pro
rata basis, on the three most senior classes of the Twin Securitization Notes. See Description of Certain IndebtednessTwin
Securitization NotesPayment Terms and Repayments.

Our capital requirements will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to:

our
ability to control costs;

our
relationships with our customers, franchisees, and suppliers;

sales
and marketing expenses;

market
acceptance and reputation of our brands, brand enhancements, and menu offerings, and any
enhancements necessary to improve them;

enhancements
to our infrastructure and systems, and any capital improvements to our facilities;

potential
acquisitions of businesses and other brands; and

general
economic conditions, including inflation, rising interest rates, and their impact on the
restaurant industry in particular.

If
our capital requirements are materially different from those currently planned, we may need additional capital sooner than anticipated.
If additional funds are raised through the issuance of equity or convertible debt securities, our stockholders may be diluted.

Additionally,
there can be no assurance that our historical sources of financing will be available on acceptable terms, or at all. Our ability to obtain
additional financing will be subject to a number of factors, including, but not limited to:

our
operating performance;

our
ability to incur additional debt in compliance with agreements governing our then-outstanding
debt;

investor
sentiment; and

general
economic conditions.

77

These
factors may make the timing, amount, terms or conditions of additional financings unattractive to us. If we are unable to generate sufficient
funds from operations or raise additional capital, or if adequate funds are not available or are not available on acceptable terms through
the capital markets, we may be unable to continue our operations as planned, service our debt obligations, develop or enhance
our brands, expand our sales and marketing programs, take advantage of future opportunities, or respond to competitive pressures. As
such, our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be materially and adversely impacted.

We
depend on key executive management.

We
depend on the leadership and experience of our relatively small number of key executive management personnel, in particular our Chief
Executive Officer, Joseph Hummel. The loss of the services of any of the members of our executive management team could have a material
adverse effect on our business and prospects, as we may not be able to find suitable individuals to replace such personnel on a timely
basis or without incurring increased costs, or at all.

We
believe that our future success will depend on our continued ability to attract and retain highly skilled and qualified personnel. There
is a high level of competition for experienced, successful personnel in our industry. Our inability to meet our executive staffing requirements
could impair our growth and materially and adversely impact our business, results of operations, and financial condition.

If
we face labor shortages or increased labor costs, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and
financial condition.

Restaurant
operations are highly service oriented, and our success depends in part upon our and our franchisees ability to attract, retain
and motivate a sufficient number of qualified employees, including restaurant managers and other crew members. The market for qualified
employees in our industry is very competitive. Any future inability to recruit and retain qualified individuals may delay the planned
openings of new restaurants by us and our franchisees and could adversely impact our existing company-owned restaurants and franchised
restaurants. Any such delays, material increases in employee turnover rate in existing company-owned restaurants and franchised restaurants,
or widespread employee dissatisfaction could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition.

Additionally,
strikes, work slowdowns or other job actions may become more common in the United States. Although none of the employees employed by
us or our franchisees are represented by a labor union or are covered by a collective bargaining agreement, in the event of a strike,
work slowdown or other labor unrest, the ability to adequately staff our company-owned restaurants and franchised restaurants could be
impaired, which could result in reduced revenue, and may distract our management from focusing on our business and strategic priorities.

Our
and our franchisees operating costs are subject to increases in the wages and salaries of our staff.

A
significant operating expense for our company-owned restaurants is salaries, wages and benefits costs. For the years ended December 31,
2023 and December 25, 2022, approximately 31.8% and 31.2%, respectively, of Twin Peaks total revenue was attributable to the salaries,
wages and benefits costs of our company-owned Twin Peaks restaurants, and, for the years ended December 31, 2023 and January 1, 2023,
approximately 31.5% and 30.1%, respectively, of Smokey Bones total revenue was attributable to the salaries, wages and benefits
costs of our Smokey Bones restaurants, all of which are currently company-owned. An increase in salaries, wages and benefits costs could
result from government imposition of higher minimum wages or from general economic or competitive conditions. Additionally, competition
for qualified employees could compel us and our franchisees to pay higher wages to attract or retain key restaurant team members, which
could result in higher labor costs and decreased profitability. Any increase in labor expenses could materially and adversely affect
our margins, which would materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.

78

We
also have a number of recurring costs, including insurance, utilities and rental costs, and may face increases to other recurring costs,
such as regulatory compliance costs. There can be no assurance that any of our recurring costs will not grow at a faster rate than our
revenue. As a result, any increase in our operating costs could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations,
and financial condition.

Our
current insurance policies may not provide adequate levels of coverage against all claims, and we may incur losses in excess of insurance
limits or uninsured losses.

We
maintain insurance coverage for a significant portion of our risks and associated liabilities with respect to general liability, property
and casualty liability, liquor liability, employers liability and other insurable risks in amounts and on terms deemed adequate
by our management, based on our actual claims experience and expectations for future claims. We also self-insure for health benefits
under plans with high deductibles. However, there are types of losses we may incur that cannot be insured against, or that we believe
are not commercially reasonable to insure. For example, insurance covering liability for violations of wage and hour laws has not generally
been available. Losses with respect to such uninsured claims, or losses in excess of insurance limits, if they occur, could have a material
adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

79

USE
OF PROCEEDS

We
will not receive any proceeds from the distribution by FAT Brands of shares of our Class A Common Stock in the Spin-Off. Any expenses
incurred in connection with the Spin-Off will be borne by us. 

80

DIVIDEND
POLICY

We
currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings to fund the development and growth of our operations and to repay
outstanding debt, and therefore, we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our Common Stock in the foreseeable future. Since
our inception, we have not declared or paid any cash dividends on our Common Stock. Additionally, because we will be a holding company
following the completion of the Reorganization and the Spin-Off, our ability to pay dividends on our Class A Common Stock may be limited
by restrictions on the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends or make distributions to us. See also Risk FactorsRisks
Related to our Organizational StructureWe are a holding company with no operations, and, as such, we depend on our subsidiaries
for cash to fund our operations and expenses, including future dividend payments, if any.

Any
decision to pay dividends in the future will be subject to a number of factors, including our financial condition, results of operations,
the level of our retained earnings, capital demands, general business conditions, and other factors our Board of Directors may deem relevant.
Accordingly, we cannot give any assurance that any dividends may be declared and paid in the future. See Risk FactorsRisks
Related to our Class A Common StockWe do not expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future.

81

REORGANIZATION

The
Reorganization

The
Twin Group was acquired by FAT Brands in October 2021, and prior to the Reorganization as described below, the Twin Group was comprised
of a number of companies that were wholly-owned subsidiaries of FAT Brands, with all of the outstanding equity interests in the Twin
Group beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by FAT Brands. In connection with the Spin-Off, and pursuant to the Master Separation
and Distribution Agreement, we and FAT Brands will complete a series of separation and reorganization transactions, as described below,
whereby the Twin Group will be transferred to, and become wholly-owned subsidiaries of, our Company. We refer to such separation and
reorganization transactions collectively as the Reorganization. The Reorganization includes, or will include, the following:

On
February 6, 2024, FAT Brands formed our Company, Twin Hospitality Group Inc., as a Delaware corporation, in connection with the Spin-Off.
In connection with our incorporation, 5,000 shares of our Class A Common Stock were issued to FAT Brands.

In
November 2024, FAT Brands Twin Peaks I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, filed an amendment to its certificate of
formation to change its name to Twin Hospitality I, LLC, which is the top tier company in the Twin Group (which we
refer to as the Top Tier Twin Subsidiary).

In
November 2024, we and FAT Brands entered into a Sale and Contribution Agreement, pursuant to which FAT Brands sold and contributed
to us all of the equity interests in the Top Tier Twin Subsidiary, such that following such sale and contribution, the Top Tier Twin
Subsidiary, along with all of the other companies in the Twin Group, became direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries of our Company
(see also Certain Relationships and Related Party TransactionsHistorical Relationship Between the Twin Group and
FAT BrandsSale and Contribution Agreement).

In
November 2024, we and the Top Tier Twin Subsidiary amended and restated the limited liability company agreement of the Top Tier Twin
Subsidiary to provide, among other things, that we are the sole member and sole manager of the Top Tier Twin Subsidiary.

In
November 2024, the Top Tier Twin Subsidiary called and redeemed all of the Prior Securitization Notes, using the net proceeds from
the issuance of the new Twin Securitization Notes. See also Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of OperationsLiquidity and Capital ResourcesPrior Securitization NotesCall and Redemption of the
Prior Securitization Notes and Description of Certain IndebtednessTwin Securitization Notes.

In
December 2024, our Board of Directors (i) increased the size of our Board of Directors to five directors, (ii) appointed Kenneth
J. Anderson, Lynne Collier, James Ellis, and David Jobe as independent directors to fill the newly created vacancies, (iii) established
an audit committee, compensation committee, and nominating and corporate governance committee as the three standing committees of
our Board of Directors, and (iv) appointed as members to such committees of our Board of Directors the independent directors described
in ManagementCommittees of our Board of Directors. See also Management.

On
December 16, 2024, we filed our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, which authorizes 100,000,000 shares of Class
A Common Stock, and 2,870,000 shares of Class B Common Stock.

In
December 2024, our Board of Directors approved and adopted, and our stockholders approved, our Amended and Restated Bylaws.

Prior
to the Spin-Off:

we
and FAT Brands will enter into the Master Separation and Distribution Agreement, pursuant to which FAT Brands will exchange all
5,000 shares of Class A Common Stock that it currently holds (representing 100% of the issued and outstanding capital stock of our
Company) for 47,298,271 shares of Class A Common
Stock and 2,870,000 shares of Class B Common
Stock, which will be issued by us to FAT Brands (see also Certain Relationships and Related Party TransactionsAgreements
to be Entered into with FAT Brands in Connection with the ReorganizationMaster Separation and Distribution Agreement);
and

we
and FAT Brands will enter into the Tax Matters Agreement, as described under Certain Relationships and Related Party TransactionsAgreements
to be Entered into with FAT Brands in Connection with the ReorganizationTax Matters Agreement.

82

Organizational
Structure Following the Reorganization and the Spin-Off

Immediately
following the consummation of the Reorganization and the Spin-Off:

we
will be a holding company directly owning all of the outstanding equity interests in the
Top Tier Twin Subsidiary, and indirectly owning all of the outstanding equity interests in
the other companies in the Twin Group, such that all of the companies in the Twin Group will
be direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries of our Company;

we
will be the sole member and sole manager of the Top Tier Twin Subsidiary;

the
financial results of the Twin Group will be consolidated with our Company (see Summary
of our Company and our BusinessSummary Historical Consolidated and Pro Forma Condensed
Combined Financial Information and Other Data and Managements
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations);

(i)
47,298,271 shares of our Class A Common Stock, and (ii) 2,870,000 shares of
our Class B Common Stock, will be issued and outstanding

we
expect that FAT Brands will hold (i) 44,571,771
shares of our Class A Common Stock, and (ii) all of the 2,870,000 outstanding shares of our Class B Common Stock;

we
expect that the FAT Brands Common Stockholders receiving
shares of our Class A Common Stock in the Spin-Off will hold 2,726,500 shares of our Class A Common Stock; and

we
expect that
the total voting power of our Common Stock will be held as follows: (i) FAT Brands will hold
approximately 98.6%
of the total voting power of our Common Stock, and (ii) the FAT Brands Common Stockholders
receiving shares of our Class A Common Stock in the Spin-Off will hold approximately 1.4%
of the total voting power of our Common Stock.

83

Organizational
Structure

The
following diagram shows our organizational structure immediately following the completion of the Reorganization and the Spin-Off:

* Percentages
reflect total voting power of our Common Stock.

Potential
FAT Brands Distribution

FAT
Brands has informed us that, following the Spin-Off, it may make a distribution to its stockholders of all or a portion of the shares
of our Common Stock that it holds, which may include one or more distributions effected as a dividend to stockholders of FAT Brands.
We refer to any such potential distribution as the Potential FAT Brands Distribution.

While
FAT Brands may decide to effect the Potential FAT Brands Distribution in the future, FAT Brands has no obligation to pursue or consummate
any future dispositions of the shares of our Common Stock that it holds, including through the Potential FAT Brands Distribution, by
any specified date or at all. If pursued, the Potential FAT Brands Distribution may be subject to various conditions, all of which will
be waivable by FAT Brands in its sole discretion, including receipt by FAT Brands of any necessary regulatory or other approvals, the
existence of satisfactory market conditions, and the receipt by FAT Brands of a private letter ruling from the IRS and an opinion of
tax counsel to the effect that such Potential FAT Brands Distribution would be tax-free to FAT Brands and its stockholders for U.S. federal
income tax purposes. Even if such conditions are satisfied, FAT Brands may decide not to consummate the Potential FAT Brands Distribution,
or even if such conditions are not satisfied, FAT Brands may decide to waive one or more of such conditions and consummate the Potential
FAT Brands Distribution.

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, see Arrangements with respect to the Shares of Class A Common Stock held by FAT Brands below
for a description of certain arrangements with respect to the shares of our Class A Common Stock held by FAT Brands that affect the ability
of FAT Brands to dividend or distribute the shares of our Class A Common Stock held by it under certain circumstances.

The
Potential FAT Brands Distribution is not being effected pursuant to our Registration Statement on Form 10, of which this Information
Statement is a part.

Arrangements with respect to the Shares of Class A Common Stock
held by FAT Brands

Letter
Agreement

In
connection with the sale and issuance of the Twin Securitization Notes and the transactions related thereto (which we refer to collectively
as the Twin Securitization Transaction), the Top Tier Twin Subsidiary, our Company, FAT Brands, and the initial holders
of the Twin Securitization Notes entered into a letter agreement (which we refer to as the Letter Agreement), under which
FAT Brands agreed not to sell, transfer, dividend or distribute any of its shares of our Common Stock, other than in connection with
the distribution of the shares of our Class A Common Stock to the FAT Brands Common Stockholders in the Spin-Off, until at least $75,000,000
of the proceeds from our Qualified Equity Offerings (as defined and described in Description of Certain IndebtednessTwin
Securitization NotesPayment Terms and Repayments) or other proceeds have been used to prepay the Twin Securitization
Notes. Additionally, under the Letter Agreement, FAT Brands agreed not to dividend out any of its shares of our Common Stock for the
24 months immediately following the expiration of the foregoing restriction if, with respect to any securitization transaction sponsored
by FAT Brands or our Company, there has occurred and is continuing, or with the giving of notice or the passage of time would occur,
certain breaches, events of default, or termination events under the applicable securitization transaction agreements. Furthermore, under
the Letter Agreement, FAT Brands agreed not to pay a common equity dividend until at least $25,000,000 of the proceeds from our Qualified
Equity Offerings have been used to prepay the Twin Securitization Notes, other than (i) the distribution of the shares of our Class A
Common Stock to the FAT Brands Common Stockholders in the Spin-Of, and (ii) monthly dividends with respect to FAT Brands preferred
stock.

Pledge
Agreement and Control Agreement

In
connection with the Twin Securitization Transaction, FAT Brands entered into a Pledge and Security Agreement (which we refer to as the
Pledge Agreement) with UMB Bank, N.A., as trustee under the Base Indenture, dated as of July 10, 2023, by and between FB
Resid Holdings I, LLC (which we refer to as FBRH) and UMB Bank, N.A., as trustee, which was subsequently amended
on November 21, 2024 in connection with the Twin Securitization Transaction (which, as amended, we refer to as the FBRH
Indenture), and as securities intermediary (in such capacities, the Pledge Trustee). Under the Pledge Agreement,
FAT Brands pledged all of its shares of our Class A Common Stock (other than the shares of our Class A Common Stock that will be distributed
to the FAT Brands Common Stockholders in the Spin-Off) (which we refer to as the Pledged Shares), along with any and all
(i) proceeds from the sale or other disposal of Pledged Shares, (ii) dividends, distributions, rights, warrants or other consideration
with respect to the Pledged Shares, and (iii) proceeds of any loan secured by the Pledged Shares (which we refer to collectively as the
Pledged Proceeds), to secure the payment and performance of all obligations of FBRH under the FBRH Indenture. Approximately $110 million in aggregate principal amount of outstanding
notes under the FBRH Indenture is currently owed to investors that are not affiliated with FAT Brands. Under the
Pledge Agreement, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, and following a Grace Period (each as defined
in the FBRH Indenture), if applicable, under the FBRH Indenture, all rights of FAT Brands to vote, or give consent with respect to, the
Pledged Shares will be vested in the Pledge Trustee.

FAT
Brands also entered into a Securities Account Control Agreement (which we refer to as the Control Agreement) with the Pledge
Trustee. Under the Control Agreement, on the Distribution Date, FAT Brands will deposit all of the Pledged Shares into a controlled account
maintained by the Pledge Trustee, and the Pledge Trustee will distribute the Pledged Proceeds held in such account in accordance with
the Pledge Agreement. FAT Brands will be entitled to enter any market order to sell Pledged Shares in a brokers transaction on
a permitted trading market, and may enter orders to sell Pledged Shares on a market that is not a permitted trading market (i) with the
prior written consent of the Pledge Trustee, or (ii) in a trade to be executed within 5% of the 5-trading day volume weighted average
price and with a value of at least $15,000,000. Upon an Event of Default under the FBRH Indenture, the Controlling Class Representative
(as defined in the FBRH Indenture) will be entitled to exercise sole control of the Pledged Shares and direct sales or other dispositions
of the Pledged Shares held in the controlled account.

84

The
Spin-Off

Background
of Spin-off

On
November 4, 2024, FAT Brands announced plans for the complete legal and structural separation of our Company from FAT Brands.
In the Spin-Off, FAT Brands will distribute on a pro rata basis to the FAT Brands Common Stockholders approximately 5% of the
fully-diluted shares of our Class A Common Stock, with FAT Brands retaining the remaining outstanding shares of our Class
A Common Stock and 100% of the outstanding shares of our Class B Common Stock. At the time of the Spin-Off, the Reorganization will have
been completed and the Twin Group will be part of our consolidated Company. Following the Spin-Off, we will be an independent publicly
traded reporting company.

No
approval of the FAT Brands Common Stockholders is required in connection with the Spin-Off, and the FAT Brands Common Stockholders will
not have any appraisal rights in connection with the Spin-Off.

The
financial terms of the Spin-Off were determined by FAT Brands based on the advice of financial and other advisors and the current market
capitalization of FAT Brands. Other factors evaluated in connection with the financial terms of the Spin-Off included respective existing
contractual obligations of our Company and FAT Brands, and the respective growth prospects of each company and its business.

The
Spin-Off is subject to the satisfaction, or the waiver by FAT Brands, of a number of conditions. Additionally, FAT Brands has the right
not to complete the Spin-Off if, at any time, the FAT Brands Board of Directors determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, that
the Spin-Off is not in the best interests of FAT Brands or its stockholders, or is otherwise not advisable. For more detailed information
regarding the conditions to the Spin-Off, see the section entitled Conditions to the Spin-Off below.

Reasons
for the Spin-Off

Potential
Benefits

The
FAT Brands Board of Directors believes that separating out our Company, which will include the Twin Group following the completion of
the Reorganization, into an independent publicly traded reporting company has a number of potential benefits, including the following:

Establishing
our Company as a company separate from FAT Brands will provide us with a greater ability to focus on and grow our business. The Spin-Off
will establish our Company as an independent publicly traded reporting company, which we believe will meaningfully enhance our industry
market perception, thereby providing greater growth opportunities for us than as a consolidated division of FAT Brands. Additionally,
by separating the businesses, we will have the flexibility to implement strategic initiatives aligned with our business plan and
to prioritize investment spending and capital allocation in a manner that will lead to growth and increased operational efficiencies
of our Company that otherwise may not occur as part of a larger, more diversified enterprise like FAT Brands.

Our
Company will benefit from having an experienced and dedicated management team focused on enhancing our business, executing our growth
strategy, and finding value-creating opportunities, without any ongoing costs burden from FAT Brands.

The
Spin-Off will provide investors with the opportunity to invest in two separate companies and business lines with different business
strategies and target customers, and will enable investors to separately value our Company and FAT Brands based on our Companys
and FAT Brands respective unique investment identities, including the merits, performance and future prospects of our Companys
and FAT Brands respective businesses.

85

The
separation of our Company from FAT Brands will facilitate the tailoring of incentive compensation arrangements for the respective
management and employees of each company that are more directly tied to the performance of each respective companys business,
which we believe will enhance employee hiring and retention by, among other things, improving the alignment of management and employee
incentives with the performance and growth objectives of each respective company.

Neither
we nor FAT Brands can assure you that, following the Spin-Off and the separation of our respective companies, any of the benefits described
above or otherwise will be realized to the extent anticipated or at all.

Potential
Negative Factors

The
FAT Brands Board also considered a number of potential negative factors in evaluating the Spin-Off, including the following:

The
respective trading prices of FAT Brands Class A Common Stock and FAT Brands Class B Common Stock immediately following the Spin-Off
may be lower than immediately prior to the Spin-Off, since the trading prices will no longer reflect the value of our Company, our
subsidiaries, and our business.

Until
the market has fully analyzed the Spin-Off and the respective values of our Company and FAT Brands without our Company, our subsidiaries
and our business, the respective trading prices of our Class A Common Stock, FAT Brands Class A Common Stock, and FAT Brands Class
B Common Stock may fluctuate. It is possible that after the Spin-Off, the combined equity value of our Company and FAT Brands will
be less than the equity value of FAT Brands immediately prior to the Spin-Off.

The
actions, cost, time and effort required to separate our Company and our business from FAT Brands could disrupt our and FAT Brands
respective businesses and operations. Additionally, we may not achieve the anticipated benefits of the Spin-Off for a variety of
reasons, including, among others, that the separation will require significant amounts of our managements time and effort,
which may divert our managements attention from operating and growing our business.

The
FAT Brands Board concluded that the potential benefits of the separation of our Company from FAT Brands outweighed these potential negative
factors.

The
Distribution by FAT Brands to the FAT Brands Common Stockholders of Shares of our Class A Common Stock in the Spin-Off

In
the Spin-Off, FAT Brands will distribute on a pro rata basis to the FAT Brands Common Stockholders approximately 5% of the full-diluted
shares of our Class A Common Stock. As of immediately prior to the time of the Spin-Off, FAT Brands will hold 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of our Class A Common Stock.

Number
of Shares of Class A Common Stock that You Will Receive

Each
one share of FAT Brands Class A Common Stock and each one share of FAT Brands Class B Common Stock, as the case may be, outstanding as
of the Record Date will entitle the holder thereof to receive 0.1520207 share of our
Class A Common Stock.

Treatment
of Fractional Shares

The
Distribution Agent will not distribute any fractional shares of our Class A Common Stock in connection with the Spin-Off. Instead,
the Distribution Agent will aggregate all fractional shares into whole shares and sell the whole shares in the open market at prevailing
market prices on behalf of FAT Brands Common Stockholders entitled to receive a fractional share. The Distribution Agent will then distribute
the aggregate cash proceeds of such sales, net of brokerage fees, transfer taxes, and other costs, pro rata to such FAT Brands Common
Stockholders (net of any required withholding for taxes applicable to each such stockholder). The Distribution Agent will, in its sole
discretion, without any influence by FAT Brands or us, determine when, how, through which broker-dealer, and at what price to sell the
whole shares of our Class A Common Stock. The Distribution Agent is not, and any broker-dealer used by the Distribution Agent will not
be, an affiliate of either FAT Brands or our Company. 

The Distribution Agent will send to each
FAT Brands Common Stockholder entitled to receive a fractional share a check in the cash amount deliverable in lieu of such
stockholders fractional share as soon as practicable following the Distribution Date. We expect the Distribution Agent to
take approximately two weeks after the Distribution Date to complete the distribution of cash in lieu of fractional shares to such
FAT Brands Common Stockholders. If you hold your shares through a bank, broker, or other nominee, your bank, broker, or nominee will
receive, on your behalf, your pro rata share of the aggregate net cash proceeds of such sales. No interest will be paid on any cash
you receive in lieu of a fractional share. 

86

Distribution

On
the Distribution Date, FAT Brands will deliver to the Distribution Agent the shares of our Class A Common Stock that will be distributed
to the FAT Brands Common Stockholders in the Spin-Off. VStock Transfer, LLC is the transfer agent and registrar for our Class A Common
Stock, and will also act as the Distribution Agent for the Spin-Off.

The
shares of our Class A Common Stock that FAT Brands Common Stockholders are entitled to receive in the Spin-Off will be distributed to
their respective accounts as follows:

Registered
FAT Brands Common Stockholders: Certain FAT Brands Common Stockholders are registered stockholders (meaning their holdings
of shares of FAT Brands Class A Common Stock or FAT Brands Class B Common Stock, as the case may be, are registered directly on FAT
Brands stock ledger maintained by its transfer agent and registrar (VStock Transfer, LLC). In these cases, the Distribution
Agent will credit the whole shares of our Class A Common Stock that you receive in the Spin-Off to a new book-entry account with
our transfer agent and registrar on the Distribution Date. Following the Distribution Date, the Distribution Agent will mail to you
a book-entry account statement that reflects the number of shares of our Class A Common Stock that you hold, and you will also be
able to access information regarding your new book-entry account with our transfer agent and registrar.

Street
name or beneficial FAT Brands Common Stockholders: Most FAT Brands Common Stockholders hold their shares of FAT Brands
Class A Common Stock or FAT Brands Class B Common Stock, as the case may be, through a bank, broker or other nominee. In these cases,
the Distribution Agent will release the distributed shares of our Class A Common Stock to DTC for further distribution to the DTC
participants, and your bank, broker or other nominee will credit your account with the whole shares of our Class A Common Stock that
you receive in the Spin-Off on the Distribution Date. Please contact your bank, broker or other nominee for further information about
your account, or if you have any questions regarding the mechanics of receiving your shares of our Class A Common Stock in the Spin-Off.

No
physical stock certificates will be issued to any stockholders, even if requested.

No
Action Required by the FAT Brands Common Stockholders

FAT
Brands Common Stockholders do not have to take any action in connection with the Spin-Off. No approval of the FAT Brands Common Stockholders
is required for the Spin-Off. We are not asking FAT Brands Common Stockholders for a proxy and request that they do not send us a proxy.
We also are not asking FAT Brands Common Stockholders to make any payment or surrender or exchange any of their shares of FAT Brands
Class A Common Stock or FAT Brands Class B Common Stock for shares of our Class A Common Stock.

Trading
Prior to the Distribution Date

FAT
Brands Class A Common Stock or FAT Brands Class B Common Stock

We
anticipate that, from the Record Date and continuing up to and including the Distribution Date, there will be two markets with respect
to the trading of FAT Brands Class A Common Stock and FAT Brands Class B Common Stock:

(i) Regular-way
market. Shares of FAT Brands Class A Common Stock and FAT Brands Class B Common Stock that trade on the regular-way market
will trade with an entitlement to receive shares of our Class A Common Stock in the Spin-Off. If you sell your shares of FAT Brands
Class A Common Stock or FAT Brands Class B Common Stock, as the case may be, in the regular-way market up to and including the Distribution
Date, you will also be selling your entitlement to receive shares of our Class A Common Stock in the Spin-Off.

87

(ii) Ex-distribution
market. Shares of FAT Brands Class A Common Stock and FAT Brands Class B Common Stock that trade on the ex-distribution market
will trade without an entitlement to receive shares of our Class A Common Stock in the Spin-Off. If you sell your shares of FAT Brands
Class A Common Stock or FAT Brands Class B Common Stock, as the case may be, in the ex-distribution market up to and including the
Distribution Date, you will not be selling your entitlement to receive shares of our Class A Common Stock in the Spin-Off, and you
will still receive the shares of our Class A Common Stock that you would otherwise be entitled to receive in the Spin-Off.

Our
Class A Common Stock

No
trading in our Class A Common Stock will occur on a when-issued basis. When-issued trading in the context
of a spin-off refers to a sale or purchase of shares made conditionally on or before the distribution date because the securities of
the spun-off entity have not yet been distributed.

Listing
of our Class A Common Stock

Immediately
prior to the Spin-Off, we are a wholly-owned subsidiary of FAT Brands. Accordingly, no public market for our Class A Common Stock currently
exists. Our Class A Common Stock has been approved for listing on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol TWNP.

Resale
of our Class A Common Stock Following the Spin-Off

The
shares of our Class A Common Stock that will be distributed by FAT Brands to the FAT Brands Common Stockholders in the Spin-Off will
be freely transferable, except for shares received by FAT Brands Common Stockholders who are also affiliates of our Company. FAT Brands
Common Stockholders who may be considered affiliates of our Company after the Spin-Off include individuals or entities who control, are
controlled by, or are under common control with our Company, as those terms generally are interpreted for federal securities law purposes.
Such FAT Brands Common Stockholders may include some of our directors and executive officers. FAT Brands Common Stockholders who are
also affiliates of our Company will only be permitted to sell their shares of our Class A Common Stock pursuant to an effective registration
statement under the Securities Act, or an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, such as the exemption provided
by Rule 144 under the Securities Act.

Until
the market has fully analyzed the Spin-Off and the value of our Company as an independent publicly traded reporting company, the trading
price of our Class A Common Stock may fluctuate significantly. We cannot assure as to the trading price of our Class A Common Stock after
the Spin-Off, or as to whether the combined equity value of our Company and FAT Brands will be less than, equal to, or greater than the
equity value of FAT Brands immediately prior to the Spin-Off. See Risk FactorsRisks Related to our Class A Common Stock
for more details.

Conditions
to the Spin-Off

The
Spin-Off is subject to the satisfaction, or the waiver by FAT Brands, of the following conditions:

The
FAT Brands Board of Directors shall have authorized and approved the Spin-Off and not withdrawn such authorization and approval,
and shall have declared the dividend in the form of shares of our Class A Common Stock to the FAT Brands Common Stockholders;

each
of the Master Separation and Distribution Agreement and the Tax Matters Agreement shall have been executed by each party thereto;

the
SEC shall have declared our Registration Statement on Form 10, of which this Information Statement is a part, effective under the
Exchange Act, and no stop order suspending the effectiveness of such Registration Statement shall be in effect and no proceedings
for that purpose shall be pending before or threatened by the SEC;

88

our
Class A Common Stock shall have been approved for listing on the Nasdaq Global Market or another national securities exchange;

no
order, injunction or decree issued by any governmental authority of competent jurisdiction, or other legal restraint or prohibition,
preventing the consummation of the Spin-Off shall be in effect, and no other event outside the control of FAT Brands shall have occurred
or failed to occur that prevents the consummation of the Spin-Off;

no
other events or developments shall have occurred prior to the Distribution Date that, in the judgment of the FAT Brands Board of
Directors, would result in the Spin-Off having a material adverse effect on FAT Brands or its stockholders; and

the
Reorganization shall have been completed.

We
are not aware of any material federal, state, or foreign regulatory requirements with which we must comply, other than SEC rules and
regulations, or any material approvals that we must obtain, other than the approval of Nasdaq of the listing of our Class A Common Stock
on the Nasdaq Global Market and the declaration by the SEC of the effectiveness of the Registration Statement on Form 10, of which
this Information Statement is a part, in connection with the Spin-Off.

The
satisfaction of the foregoing conditions will not create any obligation on the part of FAT Brands to consummate the Spin-Off. FAT Brands
has the right not to consummate the Spin-Off if, at any time, the FAT Brands Board of Directors determines, in its sole and absolute
discretion, that the Spin-Off is not in the best interests of FAT Brands or its stockholders, or is otherwise not advisable.

Results
of the Spin-Off

After
the Spin-Off, we will be an independent publicly traded reporting company. Immediately following the Spin-Off, we will have 47,298,271
shares of our Class A Common Stock outstanding, and approximately 5,000 holders of shares of our Class A Common Stock (based on
the number of FAT Brands Common Stockholders as of November 21, 2024). The actual number of shares of our Class A Common Stock
that FAT Brands will distribute in the Spin-Off will depend on the actual number of shares of FAT Brands Class A Common Stock and FAT
Brands Class B Common Stock outstanding on the Record Date, which will reflect any issuances of new shares or exercises of outstanding
options pursuant to FAT Brands equity plans prior to or on the Record Date. The Spin-Off will not affect the number of outstanding
shares of FAT Brands Class A Common Stock and FAT Brands Class B Common Stock or any rights of the FAT Brands Common Stockholders. Furthermore,
until the market has fully analyzed the value of FAT Brands without our Company, our subsidiaries and our business, the respective trading
prices of FAT Brands Class A Common Stock and FAT Brands Class B Common Stock FAT Brands may fluctuate.

Reasons
for Furnishing this Information Statement

We
are furnishing this Information Statement solely to provide information to the FAT Brands Common Stockholders who will receive shares
of our Class A Common Stock in the Spin-Off. You should not construe this Information Statement as an inducement or encouragement to
buy, hold or sell any of our securities or any securities of FAT Brands. We believe that the information contained in this Information
Statement is accurate as of the date set forth on the cover. Changes to the information contained in this Information Statement may occur
after that date, and neither we nor FAT Brands undertake any obligation to update such information except in the normal course of our
and FAT Brands public disclosure obligations and practices, and except as required by applicable law.

89

MATERIAL
U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE SPIN-OFF

The
following is a summary of certain material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the Spin-Off to the FAT Brands Common Stockholders.
This discussion is not a complete analysis of all potential U.S. federal income tax consequences relating thereto, and does not address
(i) the potential application of the Medicare contribution tax on net investment income, (ii) the alternative minimum tax, (iii) any
estate or gift tax consequences, or (iv) any tax consequences arising under any state, local, or non-U.S. tax laws, or any other U.S.
federal tax laws. This discussion is based on the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (which we refer to as the Code),
applicable Treasury Regulations promulgated under the Code (which we refer to as Treasury Regulations), published rulings
and administrative pronouncements of the Internal Revenue Service (which we refer to as the IRS), and judicial decisions,
all as in effect as of the date of this Information Statement. These authorities are subject to differing interpretations and may change,
possibly retroactively, resulting in U.S. federal income tax consequences different from those discussed below. We have not requested
a ruling from the IRS with respect to the statements made and the conclusions reached in the following summary, and there can be no assurance
that the IRS or a court will agree with such statements and conclusions.

This
discussion is limited to FAT Brands Common Stockholders who will be receiving shares of our Class A Common Stock in the Spin-Off, and
will be holding shares of our Class A Common Stock as a capital asset, within the meaning of Section 1221 of the Code (generally,
property held for investment). This discussion does not address all of the U.S. federal income tax consequences that may be relevant
to a particular holder in light of such holders particular circumstances. This discussion also does not consider any specific
facts or circumstances that may be relevant to holders subject to special rules under the U.S. federal income tax laws, including:

certain
former citizens or long-term residents of the United States;

partnerships
or other entities or arrangements treated as partnerships, pass-throughs, or disregarded entities for U.S. federal income tax purposes
(and investors therein);

controlled
foreign corporations;

passive
foreign investment companies;

corporations
that accumulate earnings to avoid U.S. federal income tax;

banks,
financial institutions, investment funds, insurance companies, brokers, dealers, or traders in securities;

tax-exempt
organizations or governmental organizations;

persons
deemed to be selling shares of FAT Brands Class A Common Stock or FAT Brands Class B Common Stock, as the case may be, or our Class
A Common Stock under the constructive sale provisions of the Code;

persons
who hold or receive shares of FAT Brands Class A Common Stock or FAT Brands Class B Common Stock, as the case may be, or our Class
A Common Stock pursuant to the exercise of an employee stock option or otherwise as compensation;

tax-qualified
retirement plans;

persons
that own, or have owned, actually or constructively, more than 5% of the outstanding shares of FAT Brands Class A Common Stock or
FAT Brands Class B Common Stock, as the case may be, or our Class A Common Stock;

qualified
foreign pension funds (as defined in Section 897(l)(2) of the Code) and entities all of the interests of which are held by
qualified foreign pension funds;

90

persons
who have elected to mark securities to market;

persons
holding shares of FAT Brands Class A Common Stock or FAT Brands Class B Common Stock, as the case may be, or our Class A Common Stock
as part of a hedging or conversion transaction or straddle, or a constructive sale, or other risk reduction strategy or other integrated
investment; and

except
to the extent explicitly discussed below, non-U.S. holders (as defined below).

If
an entity or arrangement that is classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes receives shares of our Class A Common
Stock in the Spin-Off, the U.S. federal income tax treatment of a partner in the partnership generally will depend on the status of the
partner and the activities of the partnership. Partnerships receiving shares of our Class A Common Stock and the partners in such partnerships
are urged to consult with their tax advisors about the particular U.S. federal income tax consequences to them of receiving shares of
our Class A Common Stock in the Spin-Off.

THIS
DISCUSSION IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY AND IS NOT TAX ADVICE. FAT BRANDS COMMON STOCKHOLDERS SHOULD CONSULT WITH THEIR TAX ADVISORS
REGARDING THE PARTICULAR U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF THE SPIN-OFF AND ACQUIRING, OWNING, AND DISPOSING OF SHARES
OF OUR CLASS A COMMON STOCK, AS WELL AS ANY TAX CONSEQUENCES ARISING UNDER ANY OTHER U.S. FEDERAL TAX LAWS AND ANY STATE, LOCAL, OR NON-U.S.
TAX LAWS.

Definitions
of U.S. Holder and Non-U.S. Holder

For
purposes of this discussion, a non-U.S. holder is any beneficial owner of shares of FAT Brands Class A Common Stock or FAT Brands Class
B Common Stock receiving shares of our Class A Common Stock in the Spin-Off that is not a U.S. holder or a partnership
(including any entity or arrangement treated as a partnership) for U.S. federal income tax purposes. A U.S. holder is any
person that, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, is or is treated as any of the following:

an
individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States;

a
corporation (or entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) created or organized under the laws of the
United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia;

an
estate, the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income tax regardless of its source; or

a
trust (i) whose administration is subject to the primary supervision of a U.S. court and which has one or more U.S. persons (within
the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code) who have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust, or (ii)
that has a valid election in effect under applicable Treasury Regulations to be treated as a U.S. person (within the meaning of Section
7701(a)(30) of the Code).

Tax
Classification of the Spin-Off in General

For
U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Spin-Off will not be eligible for treatment as a tax-deferred distribution by FAT Brands with respect
to FAT Brands Class A Common Stock and FAT Brands Class B Common Stock (which we refer to together as FAT Brands Common Stock).
Accordingly, the Spin-Off will generally be treated as a fully taxable transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The discussion
below describes the U.S. federal income tax consequences to a U.S. holder of FAT Brands Common Stock upon the receipt of shares of our
Class A Common Stock in the Spin-Off.

91

Although
FAT Brands will ascribe a value to our Class A Common Stock distributed in the Spin-Off, this valuation is not binding on the IRS or
any other taxing authority. These taxing authorities could ascribe a higher valuation to the distributed Class A Common Stock, particularly
if, following the Spin-Off, those shares of our Class A Common Stock trade at prices significantly above the value ascribed to those
shares by FAT Brands. Such a higher valuation may affect the Spin-Off distribution amount and thus the U.S. federal income tax consequences
of the Spin-Off to FAT Brands Common Stockholders.

FAT
Brands will be required to recognize any gain with respect to our Class A Common Stock that it distributes in the Spin-Off equal to the
fair market value of our Class A Common Stock in excess of FAT Brands adjusted tax basis in our Class A Common Stock.

Tax
Treatment of the Spin-Off to U.S. Holders

The
following discussion describes the U.S. federal income tax consequences to a FAT Brands Common Stockholder who is a U.S. holder in connection
with the receipt of shares of our Class A Common Stock in the Spin-Off.

The
Spin-Off is expected to be a taxable distribution for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Accordingly, each FAT Brands Common Stockholder
would generally be treated as receiving a taxable distribution equal to the fair market value of our Class A Common Stock (determined
at the time of the Spin-Off). Such distribution would be treated as a taxable dividend to the extent of such FAT Brands Common Stockholders
ratable share of FAT Brands current or accumulated earnings and profits (as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes).
To the extent the value of the distribution exceeds the amount of such earnings and profits, such excess will be treated first, as reducing
such FAT Brands Common Stockholders adjusted basis in each of its shares of FAT Brands Class A Common Stock or FAT Brands Class
B Common Stock, as the case may be, in respect of which such distribution was made, and second, to the extent it exceeds such adjusted
basis, as capital gain from the sale or exchange of such shares of FAT Brands Class A Common Stock or FAT Brands Class B Common Stock,
as the case may be.

If
a U.S. Holder receives cash in lieu of a fractional share of our Class A Common Stock in connection with the Spin-Off, such U.S. Holder
will be treated as though such U.S. Holder first received a distribution of such fractional share in the Spin-Off and then sold it for
the amount of cash actually received. Provided such fractional share is considered to be held as a capital asset on the Distribution
Date, such U.S. Holder will generally recognize capital gain or loss measured by the difference between the cash received for such fractional
share and such U.S. Holders tax basis in such fractional share, as determined above.

To
the extent that any portion of the Spin-Off distribution is treated as a dividend, corporate U.S. holders could be eligible for dividend-received
deductions, and non-corporate U.S. holders could qualify for reduced rates applicable to qualified dividend income, assuming in each
case, that a minimum holding period and certain other generally applicable requirements are satisfied. Additionally, to the extent that
the distribution of shares of our Class A Common Stock in the Spin-Off constitutes an extraordinary dividend within the
meaning of Section 1059 of the Code, special rules may apply.

A
U.S. holders tax basis in shares of our Class A Common Stock received in the Spin-Off generally will equal the fair market value
of such shares on the date of the Spin-Off, and the holding period for such shares will begin on the day after the Distribution Date.

FAT
Brands Common Stockholders should consult with their tax advisors regarding the appropriate U.S. federal income tax treatment of the
Spin-Off and possible applicability and effects of the extraordinary dividend provisions.

Information
Reporting and Backup Withholding

In
general, information reporting requirements may apply to dividends, sales proceeds, or other amounts paid to U.S. holders and non-U.S.
holders, unless an exemption applies. These information reporting requirements may apply even if no withholding was required (because
the distributions were effectively connected with a non-U.S. holders conduct of a U.S. trade or business, or withholding was eliminated
by an applicable income tax treaty). Backup withholding tax may apply to amounts subject to reporting unless a U.S. holder provides proof
of an applicable exemption or a correct taxpayer identification number, and otherwise complies with the requirements of the backup withholding
rules. Backup withholding generally will not apply to amounts paid to a non-U.S. holder, provided that the non-U.S. holder furnishes
the required certification for its non-U.S. status, such as by providing a valid IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W-8BEN-E, or IRS Form W-8ECI,
or certain other requirements are met.

92

Backup
withholding is not an additional tax. If any amount is withheld under the backup withholding rules, a non-U.S. holder should consult
with a U.S. tax advisor regarding the possibility of and procedure for obtaining a refund or a credit against such non-U.S. holders
U.S. federal income tax liability, if any.

Certain
U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations for Non-U.S. Holders

Subject
to the discussion above regarding backup withholding, and the discussions below regarding effectively connected income and Sections 1471
through 1474 of the Code and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder (which we refer to as FATCA), dividends paid
to a non-U.S. holder generally will be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax at a rate of 30% of the gross amount of the dividends,
or such lower rate specified by an applicable income tax treaty. To receive the benefit of a reduced treaty rate, a non-U.S. holder must
furnish to FAT Brands or the Distribution Agent a valid IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or applicable successor form) certifying
such non-U.S. holders qualification for the reduced rate. This certification must be provided to FAT Brands or the Distribution
Agent before the payment of dividends and must be updated periodically. If a non-U.S. holder holds shares of FAT Brands Class A Common
Stock or FAT Brands Class B Common Stock through a financial institution or other agent acting on such non-U.S. holders behalf,
such non-U.S. holder will be required to provide appropriate documentation to such agent, which will then be required to provide certification
to FAT Brands or the Distribution Agent, either directly or through other intermediaries.

Non-U.S.
holders that do not provide the required certification on a timely basis, but that qualify for a reduced treaty rate, may obtain a refund
of any excess amounts withheld by timely filing an appropriate claim for refund with the IRS.

If
a non-U.S. holder holds shares of FAT Brands Class A Common Stock or FAT Brands Class B Common Stock in connection with the conduct of
a trade or business in the United States, and dividends paid on such shares of FAT Brands Class A Common Stock or FAT Brands Class B
Common Stock are effectively connected with such non-U.S. holders U.S. trade or business (and if required by an applicable tax
treaty, are attributable to such non-U.S. holders permanent establishment in the United States), such non-U.S. holder generally
will be exempt from U.S. federal withholding tax. To claim the exemption, such non-U.S. holder generally must furnish a valid IRS Form
W-8ECI (or applicable successor form) to the applicable withholding agent. However, any such effectively connected dividends paid on
shares of FAT Brands Class A Common Stock or FAT Brands Class B Common Stock, as the case may be, generally will be subject to U.S. federal
income tax on a net income basis at the regular U.S. federal income tax rates in the same manner as if such holder was a resident of
the United States. A non-U.S. holder that is a foreign corporation also may be subject to an additional branch profits tax equal to 30%
(or such lower rate specified by an applicable income tax treaty) of its effectively connected earnings and profits for the taxable year,
as adjusted for certain items. Non-U.S. holders should consult with their tax advisors regarding any applicable income tax treaties that
may provide for different rules.

93

Withholding
on Foreign Entities

FATCA
imposes a U.S. federal withholding tax of 30% on certain payments made to a foreign financial institution (as specially
defined under FATCA), unless (i) such foreign financial institution enters into an agreement with the U.S. government to withhold on
certain payments and to collect and provide to the U.S. tax authorities substantial information regarding certain U.S. account holders
of such foreign financial institution (which includes certain equity and debt holders of such foreign financial institution, as well
as certain account holders that are foreign entities with U.S. owners), (ii) if required under an intergovernmental agreement (which
we refer to as an IGA) between the United States and another country, such foreign financial institution reports the information
described in clause (i) above to its local tax authority, which will exchange such information with the U.S. authorities, or (iii) an
exemption applies. FATCA also generally will impose a U.S. federal withholding tax of 30% on certain payments made to a non-financial
foreign entity unless such entity provides the withholding agent with a certification identifying certain direct and indirect U.S. owners
of such entity, or an exemption applies. Such withholding could apply to a non-U.S. person with respect to the Spin-Off distribution
regardless of whether such non-U.S. person is the beneficial owner of FAT Brands Class A Common Stock or FAT Brands Class B Common Stock,
as the case may be, or holds the FAT Brands Class A Common Stock or FAT Brands Class B Common Stock, as the case may be, for the account
of others. FATCA obligations may vary depending on whether the non-U.S. person is a resident of a country with which the United States
has signed an IGA. A country that has entered into an IGA with the United States may have incorporated FATCA provisions into its own
local law. Such provisions, which can differ from FATCA, are applicable for purposes of determining the proper method for residents of
such country to comply with FATCA. FATCA applies to dividends paid on shares of FAT Brands Class A Common Stock or FAT Brands Class B
Common Stock, as the case may be, and, subject to the proposed Treasury Regulations described below, also applies to gross proceeds from
sales or other dispositions of shares of FAT Brands Class A Common Stock or FAT Brands Class B Common Stock, as the case may be.

The
U.S. Treasury Department released proposed Treasury Regulations which, if finalized in their present form, would eliminate the federal
withholding tax of 30% applicable to the gross proceeds of a disposition of shares of FAT Brands Class A Common Stock or FAT Brands Class
B Common Stock, as the case may be. In its preamble to such proposed Treasury Regulations, the U.S. Treasury Department stated that taxpayers
generally may rely on the proposed Treasury Regulations until final regulations are issued. In order to determine if FATCA withholding
is required in respect of any holder of shares of FAT Brands Class A Common Stock or FAT Brands Class B Common Stock, as the case may
be, from time to time, we or FAT Brands may require further information and/or documentation from holders of shares of FAT Brands Class
A Common Stock or FAT Brands Class B Common Stock, as the case may be, including, but not limited to, a valid IRS Form W-8 or any applicable
successor form. Under certain circumstances, a non-U.S. holder might be eligible for refunds or credits of amounts withheld under FATCA
(which may entail significant administrative burden). FAT Brands Common Stockholders are encouraged to consult with their tax advisors
regarding the possible implications of this legislation on the Spin-Off.

94

CAPITALIZATION

The
following table sets forth our cash and cash equivalents and capitalization as of September 29, 2024:

on
an actual basis; and

on
a pro forma basis to give effect to the transactions described in Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information,
including the Reorganization and the Spin-Off.

The
information below is not necessarily indicative of what our cash and cash equivalents and capitalization would have been had the pro
forma adjustments described in the section entitled Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information
been completed as of September 29, 2024. It is also not indicative of our future cash and cash equivalents and capitalization.
You should read this table in conjunction with the information contained in Summary of our Company and our BusinessSummary
Historical Consolidated and Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information and Other Data, Unaudited Pro Forma
Condensed Combined Financial Information, Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations, and Description of Capital Stock, as well as our consolidated financial statements
and the related notes thereto, included elsewhere in this Information Statement.

As of September 29, 2024 

(in thousands, except share information) Actual Pro Forma(1) 

Cash and cash equivalents $ 7,942 $ 7,942 

Liabilities 

Current portion of long-term debt 16,116 8,205 

Long-term debt, net of current portion 381,482 408,100 

Stockholders equity (deficit) 

Class A Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share; 5,000 shares authorized,
and 5,000 shares issued and outstanding, actual; 100,000,000 shares authorized, and 47,298,271
shares issued and outstanding, pro forma 5 

Class B Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share; nil shares authorized,
nil shares issued and outstanding, actual; 2,870,000 shares authorized, and 2,870,000 shares issued and
outstanding, pro forma 

Accumulated deficit 

(65,945 )

Additional paid-in capital 

14,312 

Members equity (deficit) $ (51,628 ) N/A 

Total stockholders equity (deficit) N/A $ (51,628 )

Total Capitalization $ 345,970 $ 364,677 

(1) The
number of shares of our Common Stock to be outstanding immediately after the Spin-Off does
not include (i) an aggregate
of 2,364,913 shares of our Class A Common Stock that will be issuable upon exercise of the
Noteholders Warrants, (ii) up to 4,742,346 shares of our Class A Common Stock underlying
restricted stock units, subject to vesting, that we intend to grant to certain of our officers
and employees under the Management Equity Plan, (iii) an aggregate of 40,000 shares
of our Class A Common Stock underlying stock options, subject to vesting, that we intend
to grant to our non-executive directors under our 2025 Incentive Compensation Plan
upon the consummation of the Reorganization, and (iv) an aggregate of 960,000 shares of our
Class A Common Stock remaining and reserved, as of immediately following the grants described
in clause (iii) above, for awards that may be granted in the future under our 2025
Incentive Compensation Plan.

95

UNAUDITED
PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL INFORMATION

The
following unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements consist of (i) an unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance
sheet as of September 29, 2024, which gives effect to the Reorganization and the Spin-Off as if they occurred on September
29, 2024, (ii) unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations for the thirty-nine weeks ended September
29, 2024, which give effect to the Reorganization and the Spin-Off as if they occurred on December 26, 2022 (the first day of our
2023 fiscal year), and (iii) unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2023, which
give effect to (a) the Smokey Bones Acquisition, and (b) the Smokey Bones Acquisition, the Reorganization and the Spin-Off, as if they
occurred on December 26, 2022 (the first day of our 2023 fiscal year). The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements
have been prepared in accordance with Article 11 of Regulation S-X.

The
historical consolidated statement of operations information of Barbeque Integrated, Inc. used in the preparation of the unaudited pro
forma condensed combined statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2023 has been derived from the audited financial statements
of Barbeque Integrated, Inc. as of and for the year ended December 31, 2023 (which is the most recently completed fiscal year prior to
the Smokey Bones Acquisition), included elsewhere in this Information Statement.

The
following unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements have been prepared based on currently available information and
certain assumptions and estimates, which are subject to material change and may not be indicative of what may be expected to occur in
the future. However, we believe that such assumptions and estimates provide a reasonable basis for presenting the effects of the Smokey
Bones Acquisition, the Reorganization, and the Spin-Off, as applicable, and that the pro forma adjustments reflected in the unaudited
pro forma condensed combined financial statements are properly applied to give appropriate effect to those assumptions and estimates.

The
unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information is for illustrative and informational purposes only, and is not necessarily
indicative of the financial position or financial results that would have been attained had the Smokey Bones Acquisition, the Reorganization,
and the Spin-Off occurred on the dates indicated above, and does not project our financial position as of any future date or our results
of operations for any future period. Our future results of operations may vary significantly from the results reflected in the unaudited
pro forma condensed combined financial statements, and should not be relied on as an indication of our results after the Smokey Bones
Acquisition, the Reorganization, and the Spin-Off, respectively. See Risk FactorsRisks Related to our Organizational
StructureThe historical financial statements and information of the Twin Group as a consolidated group of subsidiaries of FAT
Brands may not be representative of our results as an independent public company.

Our
unaudited historical condensed consolidated financial information presented below has been derived from the unaudited historical condensed
consolidated financial statements of the Twin Group as of September 29, 2024 and for the thirty-nine weeks ended September
29, 2024 and September 24, 2023, included elsewhere in this Information Statement. Our audited historical consolidated financial
information presented below has been derived from the audited historical consolidated financial statements of the Twin Group as of and
for the years ended December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022, included elsewhere in this Information Statement. The Twin Group is the
predecessor of Twin Hospitality Group Inc. for financial reporting purposes. Twin Hospitality Group Inc. was formed on February 6, 2024,
and will not have any material assets or results of operations until the completion of the Reorganization. Therefore, the historical
financial information of Twin Hospitality Group Inc. is not included in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information.

The
following unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information should be read in conjunction with the sections of this Information
Statement entitled About this Information StatementBasis of Presentation, Reorganization,
The Spin-Off, Capitalization, Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations, Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions, our audited
consolidated financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022 and the related notes thereto,
our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements as of September 29, 2024 and for the thirty-nine weeks ended
September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023 and the related notes thereto, and the audited financial statements of Barbeque
Integrated, Inc. as of and for the years ended December 31, 2023 and January 1, 2023 and the related notes thereto, included elsewhere
in this Information Statement.

96

The
Smokey Bones Acquisition, the Reorganization and the Spin-Off

The
unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information reflects the impact of the Smokey Bones Acquisition, the Reorganization
and the Spin-Off.

In
connection with the Smokey Bones Acquisition:

on
September 25, 2023, FAT Brands acquired Barbeque Integrated, Inc. (which is the entity that owns Smokey Bones), and, on March 21,
2024, FAT Brands contributed to the Top Tier Twin Subsidiary, and the Top Tier Twin Subsidiary acquired, all of the outstanding capital
stock of Barbeque Integrated, Inc.;

Barbeque
Integrated, Inc., along with Smokey Bones, became one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries; and

pursuant
to the business combinations under common control guidance in Accounting Standards Codification 805-50, Business CombinationsRelated
Issues, we retroactively assumed the contribution of Barbeque Integrated, Inc. and consolidated its assets, liabilities and operating
results as of September 25, 2023.

As
part of the Reorganization:

our Company, Twin Hospitality Group Inc., was incorporated to serve as the holding company that owns the Twin Group;

the Top Tier Twin Subsidiary called and redeemed all of the Prior Securitization Notes, using
the net proceeds from the issuance of the new Twin Securitization Notes (see also Managements Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of OperationsLiquidity and Capital ResourcesPrior Securitization NotesCall
and Redemption of the Prior Securitization Notes and Description of Certain IndebtednessTwin Securitization
Notes);

we and FAT Brands will enter into the Master Separation and Distribution Agreement, pursuant to
which FAT Brands will exchange all 5,000 shares of Class A Common Stock that it currently holds (representing 100% of the issued
and outstanding capital stock of our Company) for 47,298,271
shares of Class A Common Stock and 2,870,000
shares of Class B Common Stock, which will be issued by us to FAT Brands (see also Certain Relationships and
Related Party TransactionsAgreements to be Entered into with FAT Brands in Connection with the ReorganizationMaster
Separation and Distribution Agreement); and

we and FAT Brands will also enter into the Tax Matters Agreement, as described under Certain
Relationships and Related Party TransactionsAgreements to be Entered into with FAT Brands in Connection with the ReorganizationTax
Matters Agreement.

97

UNAUDITED
PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED BALANCE SHEET

AS
OF SEPTEMBER 29, 2024

(dollars
in thousands)

Historical
Results (Twin Group) Reorganization

and Spin-Off Transaction Accounting Adjustments

(Note 2) Pro
Forma (Reorganization and Spin-Off) 

ASSETS 

Current
assets: 

Cash $ 7,942 $ $ 7,942 

Restricted
cash 19,897 10,348 (a) 30,245 

Accounts
Receivable 1,787 1,787 

Other
current assets 8,321 8,321 

Total
current assets 37,947 10,348 48,295 

Noncurrent
restricted cash 1,728 6,044 (a) 7,772 

Lease
right-of-use asset 159,646 159,646 

Goodwill 117,185 117,185 

Other
intangible assets, net 167,482 167,482 

Property
and equipment, net 81,349 81,349 

Other
non-current assets 1,764 1,764 

Total
assets $ 567,101 $ 16,392 $ 583,493 

LIABILITIES
AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current
liabilities: 

Accounts
payable $ 8,957 $ $ 8,957 

Accrued
expenses and other liabilities 27,129 (2,315 )(a) 24,814 

Deferred
income, current portion 3,002 3,002 

Lease
liability, current portion 21,435 21,435 

Long-term
debt, current portion 16,116 (7,911 )(a) 8,205 

Total
current liabilities 76,639 (10,226 ) 66,413 

Deferred
income, net of current portion 4,792 4,792 

Lease
liability, net of current portion 143,495 143,495 

Long-term
debt, net of current portion 381,482 26,618 (a) 408,100 

Due
to affiliates 10,000 10,000 

Other
non-current liabilities 2,321 2,321 

Total
liabilities 618,729 16,392 635,121 

Equity (51,628 ) (51,628 )

Total
liabilities and equity $ 567,101 $ 16,392 $ 583,493 

See
the accompanying notes to these unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements.

98

UNAUDITED
PRO FORMA CONDENSED combined STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

FOR
THE THIRTY-NINE WEEKS ENDED SEPTEMBER 29, 2024

(in
thousands, except share and per share amounts)

Historical
Results (Twin Group) Reorganization
and Spin-Off Transaction Accounting Adjustments (Note 2) Pro
Forma (Reorganization and Spin-Off) 

Revenues 

Restaurant
sales $ 242,594 $ $ 242,594 

Franchise
revenue 24,726 24,726 

Total
revenues 267,320 267,320 

Costs
and expenses 

Restaurant
operating costs 

Food
and beverage costs 66,167 66,167 

Labor
and benefits costs 77,798 77,798 

Other
operating costs 50,073 50,073 

Occupancy
costs 19,872 19,872 

Advertising
expense 15,080 15,080 

Pre-opening
expense 935 935 

General
and administrative expense 21,160 21,160 

Depreciation
and amortization 17,500 17,500 

Total
costs and expenses 268,585 268,585 

Income
(Loss) from operations (1,265 ) (1,265 )

Other
income (expense) 

Interest
expense, net (35,029 ) 2,274 (ee) (32,755 )

Other
expense 114 114 

Total
other income (expense) (34,915 ) 2,274 (32,641 )

Income
(Loss) before income tax expense (36,180 ) 2,274 (33,906 )

Income
tax expense (benefit) (10 ) 591 (dd) 581 

Net
income $ (36,170 ) $ 1,683 $ (34,487 )

Basic
and diluted loss per common share 

$ (0.69 )

Basic
and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 50,168,271 (ff)

See
the accompanying notes to these unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements.

99

UNAUDITED
PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

FOR
THE YEAR ENDED December 31, 2023

(in
thousands, except share and per share amounts)

Historical
Results (Twin Group) Barbeque
Integrated, Inc. Smokey
Bones Acquisition Transaction Accounting Adjustments 

(Note 2) Pro
Forma (Smokey Bones Acquisition) Reorganization
and Spin-Off Transaction Accounting Adjustments (Note 2) Pro
Forma (Smokey Bones Acquisition, Reorganization and Spin-Off) 

Revenues 

Restaurant
sales $ 199,369 $ 129,647 (aa) $ $ 329,016 $ $ 329,016 

Franchise
revenue 31,498 31,498 31,498 

Total
revenues 230,867 129,647 360,514 360,514 

Costs
and expenses 

Restaurant
operating costs 

Food
and beverage costs 53,512 35,833 (aa) 89,345 89,345 

Labor
and benefits costs 64,024 39,897 (aa) 103,921 103,921 

Other
operating costs 37,722 29,704 (aa) 67,426 67,426 

Occupancy
costs 13,112 11,124 (aa) 24,236 24,236 

Advertising
expense 16,792 2,741 (aa) 19,533 19,533 

Pre-opening
expense 1,136 1,136 1,136 

General
and administrative expense 19,252 7,116 (aa) 26,368 26,368 

Depreciation
and amortization 12,377 4,412 (aa) 3,059 (bb) 19,848 19,848 

Total
costs and expenses 217,927 130,827 3,059 351,813 351,813 

Income
(Loss) from operations 12,940 (1,180 ) (3,059 ) 8,701 8,701 

Other
income (expense) 

Interest
expense, net (29,714 ) (1,444 )(aa) (467 )(cc) (31,625 ) (13,108) (ee)
(44,733 )

Other
expense 2,704 (1,561 )(aa) 1,143 1,143 

Total
other income (expense) (27,010 ) (3,005 ) (467 ) (30,482 ) (13,108 ) (43,590 )

Income
(Loss) before income tax expense (14,070 ) (4,185 ) (3,526 ) (21,781 ) (13,108 ) (34,889 )

Income
tax expense (benefit) (230 ) (280 )(aa) (917 )(dd) (1,427 ) (3,408 )
(dd) (4,835 )

Net
income $ (13,840 ) $ (3,905 ) $ (2,609 ) $ (20,354 ) $ (9,700 ) $ (30,054 )

Basic
and diluted loss per common share $ (0.60 )

Basic
and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 50,168,271 (ff)

See
the accompanying notes to these unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements.

100

Notes
to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Statements

NOTE
1 BASIS OF PRESENTATION

The
unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet as of September 29, 2024, the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements
of operations for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024, and the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements
of operations for the year ended December 31, 2023 (which we refer to collectively as the Pro Forma Financial Statements)
are based on historical financial statements of the entities, as adjusted to give effect to the Smokey Bones Acquisition, the Reorganization,
and the Spin-Off. The pro forma condensed combined balance sheet as of September 29, 2024 gives effect to the Reorganization and
the Spin-Off as if they had occurred on September 29, 2024. The pro forma condensed combined statements of operations for the
thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 give effect to the Reorganization and the Spin-Off as if they had occurred on
December 26, 2022 (the beginning of our 2023 fiscal year). The pro forma condensed combined statements of operations for the year ended
December 31, 2023 give effect to the Smokey Bones Acquisition, the Reorganization, and the Spin-Off as if they had occurred on December
26, 2022 (the beginning of our 2023 fiscal year). The Pro Forma Financial Statements should be read in conjunction with the sections
of this Information Statement entitled About this Information StatementBasis of Presentation, Reorganization,
The Spin-Off, Capitalization, Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations, Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions, our audited
consolidated financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022 and the related notes thereto,
our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements as of September 29, 2024 and for the thirty-nine weeks ended
September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023 and the related notes thereto, and the audited financial statements of Barbeque
Integrated, Inc. as of and for the years ended December 31, 2023 and January 1, 2023 and the related notes thereto, included elsewhere
in this Information Statement.

The
Twin Group is the predecessor of Twin Hospitality Group Inc. The historical financial information of Twin Hospitality Group Inc. has
not been presented in the Pro Forma Financial Statements, as Twin Hospitality Group Inc. is a newly incorporated entity, has had no operations
or business activities to date, and had no assets or liabilities during the periods presented below.

On
September 25, 2023, FAT Brands acquired Barbeque Integrated, Inc. (which is the entity that owns Smokey Bones), and, on March 21, 2024,
FAT Brands contributed to us, and we acquired, the assets and liabilities of Barbeque Integrated, Inc. at FAT Brands carryover
basis. Pursuant to the business combinations under common control guidance in Accounting Standards Codification 805-50, Business CombinationsRelated
Issues, we retroactively assumed the contribution of Barbeque Integrated, Inc. and consolidated its assets, liabilities and operating
results as of September 25, 2023.

NOTE
2 PRO FORMA ADJUSTMENTS

The
pro forma adjustments are based on our preliminary estimates and assumptions that are subject to change. The following adjustments have
been reflected in the Pro Forma Financial Statements:

Balance
Sheet Pro Forma Adjustments

(a) Represents
adjustments related to the sale and issuance of the Twin Securitization Notes and the redemption of the Prior Securitization Notes
as follows:

New Securitization Notes

(dollars in thousands) 

Class of Notes Principal Balance Coupon 

A-2-I $ 12,124 9.00 %

A-2-II $ 269,257 9.00 %

B-2 $ 57,619 10.00 %

M-2 $ 77,711 11.00 %

$ 416,711 

Cash
inflows and cash outflows resulting from the sale and issuance of the Twin Securitization Notes and the redemption of the Prior Securitization
Notes are as follows:

(dollars in thousands) 

Inflows Outflows

Sale and issuance of Twin Securitization Notes $ 416,711 Repayment of Prior Securitization Notes $ 388,777 

Debt issuance costs 5,989 

Accrued interest paid in

connection with the refinancing 2,315 

Original issue discount 3,238 

$ 416,711 $ 400,319 

Statement
of Operations Pro Forma Adjustments

(aa) Represents
the operating activity of Barbeque Integrated, Inc. for fiscal 2023 prior to its acquisition by FAT Brands on September 25, 2023.

(bb) Represents
the adjustment to reflect the additional depreciation and amortization related to stepping-up the property and equipment and amortizable
intangible assets of Barbeque Integrated, Inc. due to their acquisition date fair value on September 25, 2023.

(cc) Represents
a $1.9 million increase in interest expense resulting from the issuance of $31.8 million aggregate principal amount of fixed rate
debt with an 8.0% interest rate in connection with the acquisition of Barbeque Integrated, Inc., partially offset by a $1.4 million
decrease in interest expense resulting from the extinguishment of Barbeque Integrated, Inc.s outstanding debt upon consummation
of the acquisition of Barbeque Integrated, Inc. on September 25, 2023.

(dd) Represents
the income tax effect based on a statutory income tax rate of 26%, comprised of the federal maximum income tax rate of 21.0% and
an expected average state income tax rate of 5.0%.

(ee) 

Represents
the net change in interest expense resulting from the sale and issuance of the Twin Securitization
Notes and the redemption of the Prior Securitization Notes, which include (i) the sale and
issuance of approximately $416.7 million aggregate principal amount of the Twin Securitization
Notes with a weighted average fixed interest rate of 9.50% per annum, (ii) the repayment of
the Prior Securitization Notes, and (c) amortization of debt issuance and original issue
discount of approximately $2.4 million and $3.2 million for the thirty-nine weeks ended September
29, 2024 and the year ended December 31, 2023, respectively.

(ff) Diluted
earnings per share is computed using the weighted-average number of shares of our Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock,
and excluding the effect of potentially dilutive securities outstanding during the period. The number of shares excluded from the
calculation of diluted earnings per share because the effect of their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive was 7,231,729
shares.

101

MANAGEMENTS
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF

FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the audited
consolidated financial statements of the Twin Group as of and for the years ended December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022 and the related
notes thereto, the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of the Twin Group as of September 29, 2024 and for the
thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023 and the related notes thereto, and the audited
financial statements of Barbeque Integrated, Inc. as of and for the years ended December 31, 2023 and January 1, 2023 and the related
notes thereto, included elsewhere in this Information Statement. The Twin Group is the predecessor of Twin Hospitality Group Inc. for
financial reporting purposes. The historical consolidated financial information and other data of Twin Hospitality Group Inc. is not
being presented, as Twin Hospitality Group Inc. is a newly incorporated entity, has had no operations or business activities to date,
and had no assets or liabilities during the periods presented below.

Some
of the information contained in this discussion and analysis includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties.
You should review the sections entitled Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors
for a discussion of forward-looking statements and important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results
described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in this discussion and analysis.

Overview

We
are a franchisor and operator of two specialty casual dining restaurant concepts: Twin Peaks and Smokey Bones. As of September 29,
2024, our total restaurant footprint consists of 172 restaurants, of which 74 are domestic franchised Twin Peaks restaurants
operated by our franchisee partners, seven are international franchised Twin Peaks restaurants operated by a franchisee partner in Mexico,
33 are domestic company-owned Twin Peaks restaurants, and 58 are domestic company-owned Smokey Bones restaurants. During
the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024, we and our franchise partners opened five franchised Twin Peaks
restaurants across our Twin Peaks restaurant system. During fiscal year 2023, we and our franchisee partners opened 12 franchised Twin
Peaks restaurants, and we opened two company-owned Twin Peaks restaurants, across our Twin Peaks restaurant system.

Our
growth plan is driven by a robust pipeline of new restaurant developments and strong Comparable Restaurant Sales growth. Our pipeline
includes more than 100 signed franchised units as of September 29, 2024, providing significant visibility into our near-term growth
trajectory. As we continue to expand, of the total number of anticipated new restaurant openings, we have a goal of having approximately
75% be franchised restaurants.

Reorganization

The
Twin Group was acquired by FAT Brands in October 2021, and prior to the Reorganization and the Spin-Off, the Twin Group was comprised
of a number of companies that were wholly-owned subsidiaries of FAT Brands, with all of the outstanding equity interests in the Twin
Group beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by FAT Brands. Pursuant to the Reorganization, we and FAT Brands will complete a series
of separation and reorganization transactions whereby the Twin Group will be transferred to our Company. Immediately following the consummation
of the Reorganization and the Spin-Off:

we
will be a holding company directly owning all of the outstanding equity interests in the Top Tier Twin Subsidiary, and indirectly
owning all of the outstanding equity interests in the other companies in the Twin Group, such that all of the companies in the Twin
Group will be direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries of our Company; and

the
financial results of the Twin Group will be consolidated with our Company (see Summary of our Company and our BusinessSummary
Historical Consolidated and Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information and Other Data).

102

For
additional information regarding the Reorganization, including a description of our capitalization and our organizational structure immediately
following the completion of the Reorganization and the Spin-Off, see Reorganization.

Fiscal
Calendar

We
operate on a 52-week fiscal calendar and our fiscal year ends on the last Sunday of such calendar year. Therefore, any references to
2023 and 2022 are references to the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022, respectively. Consistent with industry
practice, we measure our restaurants performance in seven calendar day increments. In utilizing a 52-week fiscal calendar, we
are able to ensure consistent weekly reporting of our operations, and in utilizing a seven calendar day incremental review, we ensure
that each review period has the same number of days, as certain days of the week tend to be more profitable than others. As a result
of this 52-week fiscal calendar, a 53rd week must be added to our fiscal year every five or six years. In a 52-week year,
all four quarters are comprised of 13 weeks. In a 53-week year, one extra week is added to the fourth quarter. Our fiscal year ended
December 31, 2023 consisted of 53 weeks, and our fiscal year ended December 25, 2022 consisted of 52 weeks. The additional week in our
fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 may cause our revenue, expenses and other results of operations to be higher due to an additional
week of operations.

Accounting
Treatment of Smokey Bones Acquisition

On
September 25, 2023, FAT Brands acquired Barbeque Integrated, Inc. (which is the entity that owns Smokey Bones), and, on March 21, 2024,
FAT Brands contributed to us, and we acquired, the assets and liabilities of Barbeque Integrated, Inc. at FAT Brands carryover
basis. Pursuant to the business combinations under common control guidance in Accounting Standards Codification 805-50, Business
CombinationsRelated Issues, we retroactively assumed the contribution of Barbeque Integrated, Inc. and consolidated its
assets, liabilities and operating results as of September 25, 2023.

Seasonality

Historically,
seasonal factors have caused our revenue to fluctuate from quarter to quarter. Our revenue per restaurant is typically lower in the first
and third fiscal quarters due to the timing of significant broadcast sporting and special events and the holiday season.

Key
Factors Affecting our Performance

We
believe that the following are key factors relating to macroeconomic conditions and an inflationary environment that have affected, and
that we expect to continue to affect, our results of operations:

Commodity
Pricing. Commodity pricing inflation can significantly affect the profitability of our restaurant operations. Due to the recent
inflationary environment, in fiscal year 2022, we experienced a mid-single digit percentage increase in the cost of our food ingredients,
which adversely impacted our gross margins. To moderate the effects of these rising costs, we have instituted proactive initiatives to
create efficiencies in our supply chain, such as optimizing our supply chain order quantities and food preparation processes to reduce
food waste, and instituting pricing promotions to drive guests to higher margin products. Additionally, we modestly increased our menu
prices by up to 5% depending on the menu item in fiscal years 2023 and 2022 in response to the inflationary environment.

While
we have experienced inflation in the prices of certain food ingredients and other commodities, we continue to address the financial impact
of such inflation through fixed price contracts for food ingredients and other commodities when favorable, introducing new menu items,
offering promotions, implementing price and menu adjustments, and other cost management initiatives.

103

Labor
Costs. Labor cost inflation can significantly affect the profitability of our restaurant operations. Many of our restaurant team
members are paid hourly rates subject to federal, state or local minimum wage requirements. Numerous state and local governments have
their own minimum wage and other regulatory requirements for employees that are generally greater than the federal minimum wage and are
subject to annual increases based on changes in local consumer price indices. We experienced mid-single digit percentage increases in
restaurant-level hourly wages in fiscal years 2023 and 2022, which combined with the increase in staffing levels, contributed to increased
labor and other related expenses. Although we have experienced general labor cost inflation, we have mitigated the financial impact of
such inflation by focusing on increasing the productivity of our restaurant team members, enacting other cost management initiatives,
and modestly increasing our menu prices by up to 5% depending on the menu item in fiscal years 2023 and 2022.

Supply
Chain. The uneven recovery of the nations supply chain can at times result in delivery delays or shortages of certain
of our food ingredients and other commodities. We work closely with our suppliers and distribution partners to secure inventory and ensure
that there is no material impact on our restaurant operations due to supply chain disruptions. As a result of these initiatives, our
management believes that we will be able to minimize the impact of supply chain challenges.

Key
Performance Indicators

Certain
key performance indicators and other non-GAAP financial metrics are used by our management to make decisions, establish our business
plans and forecasts, identify trends affecting our business, and evaluate our overall performance, and are typically used by our competitors
in the restaurant industry, but are not recognized under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (which we refer
to as GAAP). We define such key performance indicators and other non-GAAP financial metrics as follows:

Adjusted
EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin. Adjusted EBITDA represents net income (loss) adjusted to exclude interest expense,
income tax provision (benefit), and depreciation and amortization, and further adjusted to exclude equity-based compensation. Adjusted
EBITDA Margin is Adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of total revenues. We use Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin, as supplements
to GAAP measures of performance, to evaluate the effectiveness of our business strategies, make budgeting decisions, and compare our
performance against that of other peer companies that use similar metrics. See Non-GAAP Financial MetricsAdjusted
EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin below for a further discussion of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin, including
the limitations of such metrics as analytical tools, and for a reconciliation of net income (loss)
and net income (loss) margin, the most directly comparable financial measures under GAAP, to Adjusted
EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin, respectively.

Average
unit volume (AUV). AUV of Twin Peaks or AUV of Smokey Bones, as the case may be, consists of the average annual
sales of all restaurants of such brand that have been open for a trailing 52-week period or longer. This measure is calculated by dividing
restaurant revenue during the applicable trailing 52-week period for all restaurants being measured by the number of restaurants being
measured. AUV includes both company-owned restaurants and franchised restaurants of such brand. AUV allows our management to assess the
financial performance of our company-owned restaurants and franchised restaurants of such brand. Our AUV growth is primarily driven by
increases in Comparable Restaurant Sales.

Comparable
Restaurant Sales. Comparable Restaurant Sales represent year-over-year sales comparisons for the comparable restaurant base,
which we define as restaurants open for at least 18 full months. This measure highlights the performance of our existing restaurants,
as the impact of new restaurant openings is excluded. As of September 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were 98 restaurants
and 89 restaurants, respectively, in our comparable restaurant base, which consisted only of our Twin Peaks restaurants, as our Smokey
Bones restaurants will only be included in our comparable restaurant base for purposes of the calculation of Comparable Restaurant Sales
calculation after we have owned the Smokey Bones restaurants for 18 full months.

104

Various
factors impact Comparable Restaurant Sales, including overall economic trends, particularly those related to consumer spending, consumer
recognition of our brands, our ability and our franchisees ability to operate restaurants effectively and efficiently to meet
changing consumer preferences and expectations, introduction of new and seasonal menu items and limited time offerings, marketing and
promotional efforts, pricing, customer traffic, local competition, trade area dynamics, opening new restaurants in the vicinity of existing
locations, and abnormal weather patterns.

Number
of System-Wide Restaurants. Our management reviews the number of new restaurants (including both new company-owned restaurants
and franchised restaurants), the number of restaurants closed and the number of acquisitions and divestitures of restaurants to assess
net new restaurant growth, System-Wide Sales, royalty and franchise fee revenue, and company-owned restaurant sales. In particular, the
number of new restaurants reflects the number of restaurants that have commenced operations during a particular period. Before we open
new restaurants, we typically incur pre-opening development and construction costs. New restaurants may not be profitable, and their
sales performance may not follow historical patterns. 

The
number and timing of restaurant openings has had, and is expected to continue to have, an impact on our results of operations. Costs
and timing of new restaurant construction were adversely affected in 2022 and 2023 due to elevated inflation, uneven equipment delivery,
unpredictability of the timing of obtaining permits, and supply chain interruptions.

Restaurant-Level
Contribution and Restaurant-Level Contribution Margin. Restaurant-Level Contribution represents company-owned restaurant
sales less restaurant operating costs, which consist of food and beverage costs, labor and benefits costs and other operating costs.
Restaurant-Level Contribution Margin represents Restaurant-Level Contribution as a percentage of company-owned restaurant sales. We use
Restaurant-Level Contribution and Restaurant-Level Contribution Margin, as supplements to GAAP measures, to evaluate the profitability
of sales at our company-owned restaurants, compare the performance of our company-owned restaurants across periods, and compare the financial
performance of our company-owned restaurants against that of other peer companies that use similar metrics. These non-GAAP financial
metrics are not intended to be measures of free cash flow available for our managements discretionary use, as these metrics do
not consider certain cash requirements such as interest payments, tax payments, and debt service requirements. Additionally, these non-GAAP
financial metrics exclude general and administrative expenses, pre-opening expenses and depreciation and amortization on restaurant property
and equipment, which are essential to support the operations and development of our company-owned restaurants. See Non-GAAP
Financial MetricsRestaurant-Level Contribution and Restaurant-Level Contribution Margin below for a further discussion
of Restaurant-Level Contribution and Restaurant-Level Contribution Margin, and for a reconciliation of income
from operations, the most directly comparable financial measure under GAAP, to Restaurant-Level Contribution.

System-Wide
Sales. System-Wide Sales consist of the restaurant sales of our company-owned restaurants and franchised restaurants (as reported
by our franchisees). While we do not record sales from our franchised restaurants as revenue, our royalty revenue is calculated based
on a percentage of gross sales from our franchised restaurants, which generally is 5.0% of gross sales, net of discounts. Our measure
of System-Wide Sales allows our management to better assess changes in our royalty revenue, our overall performance, the health of our
brands, and the strength of our market position relative to our competitors. Our System-Wide Sales growth is primarily driven by new
restaurant openings, as well as increases in Comparable Restaurant Sales.

The
following table sets forth certain of our key performance indicators for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024
and September 24, 2023, and the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022.

(dollars
in thousands) Thirty-Nine
Weeks Ended Year
Ended 

September
29,

2024 September
24,

2023 December
31, 

2023 December
25, 

2022 

Twin Peaks AUV $ 5,130 $ 5,272 $ 5,288 $ 5,266 

Smokey Bones AUV 2,766 2,825 

Comparable Restaurant Sales(1) (3.9 )% 0.5 % (0.2 )% 10.9 %

System-Wide Sales $ 425,009 $ 395,305 $ 583,388 $ 474,218 

Number of System-Wide
Restaurants (as of the end of the period) 172 105 170 98 

Adjusted EBITDA(1) (2) $ 16,560 $ 21,771 $ 28,333 $ 20,886 

Net income (loss) margin (13.5 )% (3.7 )% (6.0 )% (7.7 )%

Adjusted EBITDA Margin(1)
(2) 6.2 % 15.9 % 12.3 % 12.6 %

Restaurant-Level Contribution(3) $ 21,145 $ 16,279 $ 23,755 $ 19,905 

Restaurant-Level Contribution Margin 8.7 % 14.3 % 11.9 % 14.2 %

105

(1) 

Comparable
Restaurant Sales include sales only from our Twin Peaks restaurants, as our Smokey Bones
restaurants will only be included in our comparable restaurant base for purposes of the calculation
of Comparable Restaurant Sales after we have owned the Smokey Bones restaurants for 18 full
months.

(2) See
Non-GAAP Financial MetricsAdjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin
below for a further discussion of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin, including our
managements use of such metrics and the limitations of such metrics as analytical
tools, and for a reconciliation of net income (loss) and net income (loss) margin, the most
directly comparable financial measures under GAAP, to Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA
Margin, respectively.

(3) See
Non-GAAP Financial MetricsRestaurant-Level Contribution and Restaurant-Level
Contribution Margin for a further discussion of Restaurant-Level Contribution
and Restaurant-Level Contribution Margin, and for a reconciliation of income from operations,
the most directly comparable financial measure under GAAP, to Restaurant-Level Contribution.

Key
Components of our Results of Operations

The
following is a description of certain key components of our results of operations.

Revenues.
Revenues consist of (i) restaurant sales from our company-owned restaurants (which represent aggregate food and beverage sales, net of
discounts, at our company-owned restaurants), and (ii) franchise revenue, which consists of royalties (which are calculated typically
as 5.0% of net sales from our franchisees), franchise fees, advertising fees, and management fees and other income from our franchise
operations. Restaurant sales in any period are directly influenced by the number of operating weeks in such period, the number of open
company-owned restaurants, customer traffic, and PPA.

Costs
and expenses. Costs and expenses consist of (i) restaurant operating costs, which consist of food and beverage costs, labor and
benefits costs, other operating costs, and occupancy costs, (ii) advertising expenses, (iii) pre-opening expenses, (iv) general and administrative
expenses, and (v) depreciation and amortization expenses.

Food
and beverage costs. The components of food and beverage costs at our company-owned restaurants are variable by nature, change
with sales volume, are impacted by product mix and are subject to increases or decreases in commodity costs.

Labor
and benefits costs. Labor and benefits costs consist of all restaurant-level management and hourly labor costs, which include
salaries, wages, bonuses, payroll taxes, workers compensation cost, and employee benefits. Labor and benefits costs are variable
by nature and are influenced by minimum wage and payroll tax legislation, health care costs, the number and performance of our company-owned
restaurants, and the level of competition for qualified staff.

Occupancy
costs. Occupancy costs primarily consist of rent, property insurance, common area expenses, property taxes, and other site-related
costs of our company-owned restaurants. Occupancy costs exclude expenses associated with unopened restaurants, which are recorded in
pre-opening costs, and expenses related to our support center, which are recorded in general and administrative expense. Occupancy cost
varies from location to location and is impacted by macroeconomic conditions, including inflation.

Other
operating costs. Other operating costs include all other restaurant-level operating expenses, such as music and entertainment
expenses, utilities, insurance, preventative and recurring repairs and maintenance, restaurant supplies (such as paper and linens), credit
card fees, and third-party delivery services fees.

General
and administrative expenses. General and administrative expenses primarily consist of costs associated with our corporate and
administrative functions that support company-owned and franchised restaurant development and operations, as well as legal fees, professional
fees and stock-based compensation. General and administrative expenses are impacted by changes in our employee headcount and costs related
to strategic and growth initiatives. In preparation for and after the consummation of the Reorganization and the Spin-Off, we have incurred,
and we expect to incur in the future, significant additional legal, audit and accounting, board of directors related, and other expenses
associated with being a public company.

106

Depreciation
and amortization. Depreciation and amortization expenses consist of the depreciation of fixed assets, including leasehold improvements,
furniture, fixtures and equipment, and the amortization of definite-lived intangible assets, which are primarily comprised of rights
under our franchise agreements.

Pre-opening
expenses. Pre-opening expenses are expenses incurred in connection with the opening of new company-owned restaurants. Pre-opening
expenses include pre-opening rent expense, which is recognized during the period between the date of possession of the restaurant facility
and the restaurant opening date. In addition, pre-opening expenses include manager salaries, recruiting expenses, employee payroll, and
training costs. Pre-opening expenses can fluctuate from period to period, based on the number and timing of new company-owned restaurant
openings.

Other
expense, net. Other expense, net consists primarily of interest expense related to the Prior Securitization Notes. See Liquidity
and Capital ResourcesPrior Securitization Notes and Twin Securitization Notes.

Results
of Operations

The
following table summarizes the key components of our consolidated results of operations and the percentages of certain items in relation
to total revenues or, if noted, company-owned restaurant sales, for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 and
September 24, 2023, and the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022.

(dollars
in thousands) Thirty-Nine
Weeks Ended Year
Ended 

September
29,

2024 September
24,

2023 December
31, 2023 December
25, 2022 

Revenue: 

Company-owned
restaurant sales $ 242,594 90.8 % $ 114,036 83.5 % $ 199,369 86.4 % $ 140,639 84.8 %

Franchise
revenue 24,726 9.2 % 22,596 16.5 % 31,498 13.6 % 25,217 15.2 %

Total
revenue $ 267,320 100.0 % $ 136,632 100.0 % $ 230,867 100.0 % $ 165,856 100.0 %

Costs and expenses: 

Restaurant operating costs 

Food and
beverage costs(1) $ 66,167 27.3 % $ 30,158 26.4 % $ 53,512 26.8 % $ 39,200 27.9 %

Labor
and benefits costs(1) 77,798 32.1 % 35,963 31.5 % 64,024 32.1 % 43,941 31.2 %

Other
operating costs(1) 50,073 20.6 % 20,703 18.2 % 37,722 18.9 % 25,110 17.9 %

Occupancy costs(1) 19,872 8.2 % 6,634 5.8 % 13,112 6.6 % 8,063 5.7 %

Advertising expense 15,080 5.6 % 11,204 8.2 % 16,792 7.3 % 12,690 7.7 %

Pre-opening expense 935 0.3 % 577 0.4 % 1,136 0.5 % 900 0.5 %

General and administrative
expense 21,160 7.9 % 10,400 7.6 % 19,252 8.3 % 15,818 9.5 %

Depreciation
and amortization 17,500 6.5 % 7,156 5.2 % 12,377 5.4 % 8,458 5.1 %

Total
costs and expenses $ 268,585 100.5 % $ 122,795 89.9 % $ 217,927 94.4 % $ 154,180 93.0 %

Income from operations $ (1,265 ) 0.5 % $ 13,837 10.1 % $ 12,940 5.6 % $ 11,676 7.0 %

Other expense, net $ (34,915 ) (13.1 )% $ (18,909 ) (13.8 )% $ (27,010 ) (11.7 )% $ (24,447 ) (14.7 )%

Income tax benefit (10 ) (0.0 )% 230 0.1 % 

Net income (loss) $ (36,170 ) (13.5 )% $ (5,072 ) (3.7 )% $ (13,840 ) (6.0 )% $ (12,771 ) (7.7 )%

(1) As
a percentage of company-owned restaurant sales.

107

Thirty-Nine
Weeks Ended September 29, 2024
Compared to Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended September 24, 2023 

Revenues

Total
revenue increased by $130.7 million, or 95.6%, to $267.3 million for the thirty-nine weeks ended September
29, 2024, as compared to $136.6 million for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023. The increase was
primarily due to the Smokey Bones Acquisition in September 2023 (which accounted for an increase in revenue of approximately $123.1
million), increases in company-owned Twin Peaks restaurant sales and franchise revenue, both of which were driven by increases
in Twin Peaks AUVs and openings of new Twin Peaks restaurants.

Company-owned
restaurant sales increased by $128.6 million, or 112.7%, to $242.6 million for the thirty-nine weeks
ended September 29, 2024, as compared to $114.0 million for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023,
primarily due to the Smokey Bones Acquisition in September 2023 (which accounted for an increase in company-owned restaurant sales of
approximately $123.1 million), and increases in AUVs and new restaurant openings.

Franchise
revenue increased by $2.1 million, or 9.4%, to $24.7 million for the thirty-nine weeks ended September
29, 2024, as compared to $22.6 million for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023, primarily due to
increases in new restaurant openings.

Costs
and Expenses

Food
and beverage costs increased by $36.0 million, or 119.4%, to $66.2 million for the thirty-nine weeks
ended September 29, 2024, as compared to $30.2 million for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023,
primarily due to the Smokey Bones Acquisition in September 2023 (which accounted for an increase in food and beverage costs of approximately
$33.4 million), increases in AUVs, new restaurant openings, and increases in the prices of food ingredients. As
a percentage of company-owned restaurant sales, food and beverage costs increased to 27.3% in the thirty-nine weeks
ended September 29, 2024, as compared to 26.4% in the thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023, primarily
due to higher prices of food ingredients, partially offset by menu price increases.

Labor
and benefits costs increased by $41.8 million, or 116.3%, to $77.8 million for the thirty-nine weeks
ended September 29, 2024, as compared to $36.0 million for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023,
primarily due to the Smokey Bones Acquisition in September 2023 (which accounted for an increase in labor and benefit costs of approximately
$40.3 million), new restaurants openings, and wage inflation. As a percentage of company-owned restaurant sales,
labor and benefits costs increased to 32.1% in the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024, as compared
to 31.5% in the thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023, primarily due to wage inflation, partially offset
by menu price increases.

Other
operating costs increased by $29.4 million, or 141.9%, to $50.1 million for the thirty-nine weeks
ended September 29, 2024, as compared to $20.7 million for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023,
primarily due to the Smokey Bones Acquisition in September 2023 (which accounted for an increase in other operating costs of approximately
$29.0 million) and new restaurant openings. As a percentage of company-owned restaurant sales, other operating costs
increased to 20.6% in the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024, as compared to 18.2% in the
thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023.

Occupancy
costs increased by $13.2 million, or 199.5%, to $19.9 million for the thirty-nine weeks ended September
29, 2024, as compared to $6.6 million for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023, primarily due to the
Smokey Bones Acquisition in September 2023 (which accounted for an increase in occupancy costs of approximately $12.3 million)
and new restaurant openings. As a percentage of company-owned restaurant sales, occupancy costs increased to 8.2%
in the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024, as compared to 5.8% in the thirty-nine weeks ended
September 24, 2023.

Advertising
expenses increased by $3.9 million, or 34.6%, to $15.1 million for the thirty-nine weeks ended September
29, 2024, as compared to $11.2 million for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023, primarily due to
the Smokey Bones Acquisition in September 2023 (which accounted for an increase in advertising expenses of approximately $2.8
million) and an increase in advertising fees.

108

General
and administrative expenses increased by $10.8 million, or 103.5%, to $21.2 million for the thirty-nine
weeks ended September 29, 2024, as compared to $10.4 million for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 24,
2023, primarily due to the Smokey Bones Acquisition in September 2023 (which accounted for an increase in general and administrative
expenses of approximately $7.5 million), and increases in wages paid to staff in our corporate and administrative functions, insurance
costs and consulting fees.

Depreciation
and amortization increased by $10.3 million, or 144.6%, to $17.5 million for the thirty-nine weeks
ended September 29, 2024, as compared to $7.2 million for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023,
primarily due to the Smokey Bones Acquisition in September 2023 (which accounted for an increase in depreciation and amortization of
approximately $8.1 million) and new restaurant openings.

Other
Expense, Net

Other
expense, net was $36.1 million for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024, as compared to $18.9 million
for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023, and in each period, other expense, net consisted primarily of interest
expense under the Prior Securitization Notes.

Year
Ended December 31, 2023 Compared to Year Ended December 25, 2022

Revenues

Total
revenue increased by $65.0 million, or 39.2%, to $230.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, as compared to $165.9 million for
the year ended December 25, 2022. The increase was primarily due to the Smokey Bones Acquisition in September 2023 (which accounted for
an increase in revenue of approximately $42.7 million) (see Accounting Treatment of the Smokey Bones Acquisition
above), increases in company-owned Twin Peaks restaurant sales and franchise revenue, both of which were driven by increases in Twin
Peaks AUVs and openings of new Twin Peaks restaurants.

Company-owned
restaurant sales increased by $58.7 million, or 41.8%, to $199.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, as compared to $140.6
million for the year ended December 25, 2022, primarily due to the Smokey Bones Acquisition in September 2023 (which accounted for an
increase in company-owned restaurant sales of approximately $42.7 million) (see Accounting Treatment of the Smokey Bones
Acquisition above), increases in AUVs and new restaurant openings.

Franchise
revenue increased by $6.3 million, or 4.9%, to $31.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, as compared to $25.2 million for the
year ended December 25, 2022, primarily due to increases in AUVs and new restaurant openings.

Costs
and Expenses

Food
and beverage costs increased by $14.3 million, or 36.5%, to $53.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, as compared to $39.2
million for the year ended December 25, 2022, primarily due to the Smokey Bones Acquisition in September 2023 (which accounted for an
increase in food and beverage costs of approximately $11.8 million) (see also Accounting Treatment of the Smokey Bones
Acquisition above), increases in AUVs, new restaurant openings, and increases in the prices of food ingredients. As
a percentage of company-owned restaurant sales, food and beverage costs decreased to 26.8% in 2023, as compared to 27.9% in 2022,
primarily due to menu price increases and optimizing efficiencies.

Labor
and benefits costs increased by $20.1 million, or 45.7%, to $64.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, as compared to $43.9
million for the year ended December 25, 2022, primarily due to the Smokey Bones Acquisition in September 2023 (which accounted for an
increase in labor and benefit costs of approximately $14.2 million) (see also Accounting Treatment of the Smokey Bones
Acquisition above), new restaurants openings, and wage inflation. As a percentage of company-owned restaurant sales, labor
and benefits costs remained flat at 31.2% in 2023 and 2022, as wage inflation was offset by menu price increases.

109

Other
operating costs increased by $12.6 million, or 50.2%, to $37.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, as compared to $25.1 million
for the year ended December 25, 2022, primarily due to the Smokey Bones Acquisition in September 2023 (which accounted for an increase
in other operating costs of approximately $9.5 million) (see also Accounting Treatment of the Smokey Bones Acquisition
above) and new restaurant openings. As a percentage of company-owned restaurant sales, other operating costs was 18.9% in 2023 as compared
to 17.9% in 2022.

Occupancy
costs increased by $5.0 million, or 62.6%, to $13.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, as compared to $8.1 million for the
year ended December 25, 2022, primarily due to the Smokey Bones Acquisition in September 2023 (which accounted for an increase in occupancy
costs of approximately $4.1 million) (see also Accounting Treatment of the Smokey Bones Acquisition above)
and new restaurant openings. As a percentage of company-owned restaurant sales, occupancy costs was 6.6% in 2023 as compared to 5.7%
in 2022.

Advertising
expenses increased by $4.1 million, or 32.3%, to $16.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, as compared to $12.7 million for
the year ended December 25, 2022, primarily due to the Smokey Bones Acquisition in September 2023 (which accounted for an increase in
advertising expenses of approximately $1.0 million) (see also Accounting Treatment of the Smokey Bones Acquisition
above) and an increase in advertising fees.

Pre-opening
expenses increased by $0.2 million, or 26.2%, to $1.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, as compared to $0.9 million for the
year ended December 25, 2022, primarily due to an increase in new restaurant openings.

General
and administrative expenses increased by $3.4 million, or 21.7%, to $19.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, as compared to
$15.8 million for the year ended December 25, 2022, primarily due to the Smokey Bones Acquisition in September 2023 (which accounted
for an increase in general and administrative expenses of approximately $2.4 million) (see also Accounting Treatment
of the Smokey Bones Acquisition above), and increases in wages paid to staff in our corporate and administrative functions,
insurance costs and consulting fees.

Depreciation
and amortization increased by $3.9 million, or 46.3%, to $12.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, as compared to $8.5 million
for the year ended December 25, 2022, primarily due to the Smokey Bones Acquisition in September 2023 (which accounted for an increase
in depreciation and amortization of approximately $2.5 million) (see also Accounting Treatment of the Smokey Bones Acquisition
above) and new restaurant openings.

Other
Expense, Net

Other
expense, net was $27.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, as compared to $24.4 million for the year ended December 25, 2022,
and in each year, other expense, net consisted primarily of interest expense under the Prior Securitization Notes.

110

Non-GAAP
Financial Metrics

To
supplement our consolidated financial statements, which are prepared in accordance with GAAP, we use the following non-GAAP financial
metrics, which present our operating results on an adjusted basis: (i) Adjusted EBITDA, (ii) Adjusted EBITDA Margin, (iii) Restaurant-Level
Contribution, and (iv) Restaurant-Level Contribution Margin. Our presentation of these non-GAAP financial metrics includes isolating
the effects of some items that are either nonrecurring in nature or vary from period to period without any correlation to our ongoing
core operating performance. These supplemental measures of performance are not required by or presented in accordance with GAAP. Our
management believes that these non-GAAP financial metrics will provide investors with additional visibility into our operations, facilitate
analysis and comparisons of our ongoing business operations as they exclude items that may not be indicative of our ongoing operating
performance, help to identify operational trends, and allow for greater transparency with respect to key metrics used by our management
in our financial and operational decision making. These non-GAAP financial metrics may not be comparable to similarly titled measures
used by other companies and have important limitations as analytical tools. These non-GAAP financial metrics should not be considered
in isolation or as substitutes for analysis of our results of operations as reported under GAAP, as such non-GAAP financial metrics may
not provide a complete understanding of our performance. These non-GAAP financial metrics should be reviewed in conjunction with our
consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP.

Adjusted
EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin

Adjusted
EBITDA represents net income (loss) adjusted to exclude interest expense, income tax provision (benefit), and depreciation and amortization,
and further adjusted to exclude equity-based compensation. Adjusted EBITDA Margin is Adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of total revenues.

Adjusted
EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin are not recognized terms under GAAP and should not be considered as alternatives to net income (loss)
or net income (loss) margin, the most directly comparable measures under GAAP, as measures of financial performance, or cash provided
by operating activities as measures of liquidity, or any other performance measure derived in accordance with GAAP. These non-GAAP financial
metrics are not intended to be measures of free cash flow available for our managements discretionary use, as these metrics do
not consider certain cash requirements such as interest payments, tax payments, and debt service requirements. Because not all companies
use identical calculations, the presentation of these non-GAAP financial metrics may not be comparable to other similarly titled metrics
of other companies and can differ significantly from company to company.

We
present Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin in this Information Statement as supplemental measures of financial performance that
are not required by, or presented in accordance with, GAAP. We believe that these non-GAAP financial metrics will assist investors and
analysts in comparing our operating performance across reporting periods on a consistent basis by excluding items that we do not believe
are indicative of our operating performance. We also believe that Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin are useful to investors
in highlighting trends in our operating performance, while other measures can differ significantly depending on our long-term strategic
decisions involving our capital structure, the tax jurisdictions in which we operate, and our capital investments. Our management uses
Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin, as supplements to GAAP measures of performance, to evaluate the effectiveness of our business
strategies, make budgeting decisions, and compare our performance against that of other peer companies that use similar metrics. Our
management supplements GAAP results with these non-GAAP financial metrics to provide a more complete understanding of the factors and
trends affecting our business than GAAP results provide alone.

111

Adjusted
EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin have important limitations as analytical tools, and you should not consider them in isolation or as
substitutes for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. Some of these limitations are:

Adjusted
EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin do not reflect our cash expenditures or future requirements
for capital expenditures or contractual commitments

Adjusted
EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin do not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our
working capital needs

Adjusted
EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin do not adjust for all non-cash income or expense items
that are reflected in our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

although
depreciation is a non-cash charge, the assets being depreciated will often have to be replaced
in the future, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin do not reflect any cash requirements
for such replacements

Adjusted
EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin do not reflect the impact of stock-based compensation on
our results of operations

Adjusted
EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin do not reflect the interest expense, or the cash requirements
necessary to service interest or principal payments on our debt

Adjusted
EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin do not reflect our income tax expense (benefit) or the
cash requirements to pay our income taxes and

other
companies in our industry may calculate Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin differently
than we do, limiting their usefulness as comparative measures.

We
compensate for these limitations by providing specific information regarding the GAAP amounts excluded from such non-GAAP financial metrics.
We further compensate for the limitations in our use of non-GAAP financial metrics by presenting comparable GAAP measures more prominently.

The
following table provides a reconciliation of net income (loss) and net income (loss) margin, the most directly comparable GAAP measures,
to Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin, respectively, for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 and September
24, 2023, and the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022. In
evaluating Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin, you should be aware that, in the future, we may incur expenses similar to those
adjusted for in the following reconciliation.

Thirty-Nine
Weeks Ended Year
Ended 

(dollars
in thousands) 

September
29,

2024 

September
24,

2023 

December
31,

2023 

December
25,

2022 

Net income (loss) $ (36,170 ) $ (5,072 ) $ (13,840 ) $ (12,771 )

Interest expense 35,029 19,435 29,714 24,508 

Income tax provision (benefit) (10 ) (230 ) 

Depreciation
and amortization 17,500 7,156 12,377 8,458 

EBITDA 16,349 21,519 28,021 20,195 

Equity
based compensation 211 252 312 691 

Adjusted
EBITDA $ 16,560 $ 21,771 $ 28,333 $ 20,886 

Total revenues $ 267,320 $ 136,632 $ 230,687 $ 165,856 

Net income (loss) margin (13.5 )% (3.7 )% (6.0 )% (7.7 )%

Adjusted
EBITDA Margin 6.2 % 15.9 % 12.3 % 12.6 %

112

Restaurant-Level
Contribution and Restaurant-Level Contribution Margin

Restaurant-Level
Contribution represents company-owned restaurant sales less restaurant operating costs, which consist of food and beverage costs, labor
and benefits costs and other operating costs. Restaurant-Level Contribution Margin represents Restaurant-Level Contribution as a percentage
of company-owned restaurant sales.

Restaurant-Level
Contribution and Restaurant-Level Contribution Margin are not recognized terms under GAAP and should not be considered as alternatives
to income from operations, the most directly comparable measure under GAAP, as measures of financial performance, or cash provided by
operating activities as measures of liquidity, or any other performance measure derived in accordance with GAAP. These non-GAAP financial
metrics are not intended to be measures of free cash flow available for our managements discretionary use, as these metrics do
not consider certain cash requirements such as interest payments, tax payments, and debt service requirements. Additionally, these non-GAAP
financial metrics exclude general and administrative expenses, pre-opening expenses and depreciation and amortization on restaurant property
and equipment, which are essential to support the operations and development of our company-owned restaurants. Because not all companies
use identical calculations, the presentation of these non-GAAP financial metrics may not be comparable to other similarly titled metrics
of other companies and can differ significantly from company to company.

We
present Restaurant-Level Contribution and Restaurant-Level Contribution Margin in this Information Statement as supplemental measures
of financial performance that are not required by, or presented in accordance with, GAAP. We believe that these non-GAAP financial metrics
will be important tools for investors and analysts because they are widely-used metrics within the restaurant industry to evaluate restaurant-level
productivity, efficiency, and performance. Our management uses these non-GAAP financial metrics, as supplements to GAAP measures, to
evaluate the profitability of sales at our company-owned restaurants, compare the performance of our company-owned restaurants across
periods, and compare the financial performance of our company-owned restaurants against that of other peer companies that use similar
metrics.

The
following table provides a reconciliation of income from operations, the most directly comparable GAAP measure, to Restaurant-Level Contribution
for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023, and the years ended December 31, 2023
and December 25, 2022. Restaurant-Level Contribution Margin represents Restaurant-Level Contribution as a percentage of company-owned
restaurant sales.

Thirty-Nine
Weeks Ended Year
Ended 

(dollars
in thousands) 

September
29,

2024 

September
24,

2023 

December
31,

2023 

December
25,

2022 

Income from operations $ (1,265 ) $ 13,837 $ 12,940 $ 11,676 

Less: 

Royalties, franchise fees,
management fees, and other income (17,185 ) (15,691 ) (21,950 ) (16,947 )

Plus: 

General and administrative
expense 21,160 10,400 19,252 15,818 

Depreciation and amortization 17,500 7,156 12,377 8,458 

Pre-opening
expense 935 577 1,136 900 

Restaurant-Level
Contribution $ 21,145 $ 16,279 $ 23,755 $ 19,905 

Company-owned restaurant
sales $ 242,594 $ 114,036 $ 199,369 $ 140,639 

Restaurant-Level
Contribution Margin 8.7 % 14.3 % 11.9 % 14.2 %

Cash-on-Cash
Return

Cash-on-cash
return represents Restaurant-Level Contribution divided by our net initial investment to open a restaurant after deducting any tenant
allowances and sale leaseback proceeds. We use cash-on-cash return, as a supplement to GAAP measures, to evaluate the return on cash
invested to open a new restaurant and compare the financial performance of our company-owned restaurants against that of other peer companies
that use a similar unit-level economic metric.

Cash-on-cash
return is not a recognized term under GAAP and should not be considered as an alterative to GAAP measures, as a measure of financial
performance, or cash provided by operating activities as a measure of liquidity, or any other performance measure derived in accordance
with GAAP. This non-GAAP financial metric is not intended to be a measure of free cash flow available for our managements discretionary
use, as this metric does not consider certain cash requirements such as interest payments, tax payments, and debt service requirements.
Additionally, this non-GAAP financial metric excludes general and administrative expenses, pre-opening expenses, and depreciation and
amortization on restaurant property and equipment, which are essential to support the operations and development of our company-owned
restaurants. Because not all companies use identical calculations, the presentation of this non-GAAP financial metric may not be comparable
to other similarly titled metrics of other companies and can differ significantly from company to company.

We
present cash-on-cash return in this Information Statement as a supplemental measure of financial performance that is not required by,
or presented in accordance with, GAAP. We believe that this non-GAAP financial metric will be an important tool for investors and analysts
because it is a widely-used metric within the restaurant industry to evaluate return on cash invested to open a new restaurant, efficiency,
and performance.

The
following table provides a calculation of our targeted cash-on-cash return.

Conversions
from Previous Restaurants or Retail Stores New
Builds 

(dollars
in thousands) $ %
of AUV $ %
of AUV 

AUV(1) $ 6,500 100.0 % $ 6,500 100.0 %

Restaurant-Level Contribution(1)(2) 1,040 16.0 1,040 16.0 

Net initial investment(3) 3,600 55.4 2,800 43.1 

Cash-on-cash return(1) $ 1,879 28.9 % $ 2,412 37.1 %

(1) Reflects
targets for the third full year of operations.

(2) See
Restaurant-Level Contribution and Restaurant-Level Contribution Margin above for a further discussion
of Restaurant-Level Contribution and Restaurant-Level Contribution Margin, and for a reconciliation of income from operations, the
most directly comparable financial measure under GAAP, to Restaurant-Level Contribution.

(3) Reflects
capital expenditures incurred to open a restaurant, net of tenant allowances and sale leaseback proceeds, and excluding pre-opening
expenses.

With
respect to our targeted cash-on-cash returns of approximately 28.9% of AUV for conversions from previous restaurants or retail stores,
we have historically achieved a weighted average cash-on-cash return of approximately 25.1%, which is slightly below our target. And
with respect to our targeted cash-on-cash returns of approximately 37.1% of AUV for new-build restaurants, we have historically achieved
a weighted average cash-on-cash return of approximately 45.9%, which is above our target.

Liquidity
and Capital Resources

Liquidity
is a measurement of our ability to meet potential cash requirements, including ongoing commitments to repay our indebtedness and fund
our business operations, acquisitions and expansion of our restaurant locations, and for other general business purposes. Our source
of funds for liquidity during the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 and the year ended December 31, 2023 consisted
primarily of cash generated by our operations.

113

We
intend to expand our franchise locations, which will require significant liquidity, primarily from our franchisees. If real estate locations
of sufficient quality cannot be located and either leased or purchased, the timing of restaurant openings may be delayed. Additionally,
if we or our franchisees cannot obtain capital sufficient to fund this expansion, the extent of or timing of restaurant openings may
be reduced or delayed.

To
fund our cash requirements in the ordinary course of business, we anticipate that we will continue to primarily rely on our operating
cash flows, supplemented by our total cash and cash equivalents. As a result, we believe we have sufficient sources of funding to meet
our business requirements and plans for the next 12 months.

Summary
of Cash Flows

The
following table summarizes the key components of our consolidated cash flows for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29,
2024 and September 24, 2023, and the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022.

(dollars
in thousands) Thirty-Nine
Weeks Ended Year
Ended 

September
29,

2024 

September
24,

2023 

December
31,

2023 

December
25,

2022 

Net cash provided by (used in)
operating activities $ (7,629 ) $ 9,024 $ 6,045 $ (6,157 )

Net cash (used in) investing activities 

(20,306 ) 

(11,334 ) (14,614 ) (6,377 )

Net cash provided by
financing activities 33,357 7,680 15,744 6,415 

Net
increase (decrease) in cash and restricted cash $ 

5,422 $ 

5,370 $ 7,175 $ (6,119 )

Cash and restricted
cash at the beginning of the period $ 

24,145 $ 

16,970 $ 16,970 $ 23,089 

Cash and restricted
cash at the end of the period $ 

29,567 $ 

22,340 $ 24,145 $ 16,970 

Operating
Activities

Net
cash used in operating activities was $(7.6) million for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024,
as compared to net cash provided by operating activities of $9.0 million for the thirty-nine weeks ended September
24, 2023. The change in operating cash flow was primarily due to higher interest costs related to the Prior Securitization
Notes and changes in working capital.

Net
cash provided by operating activities was $6.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, as compared to net cash used in operating
activities of $(6.2) million for the year ended December 25, 2022. The change in operating cash flow was primarily due to changes in
working capital.

Investing
Activities

Net
cash used in investing activities was $(20.3) million for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024,
as compared to $(11.3) million for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023. The increase in net cash
used in investing activities was primarily due to funds used for the construction of three new Twin Peaks restaurants
in the first three quarters of 2024.

Net
cash used in investing activities was $(14.6) million for the year ended December 31, 2023, as compared to $(6.4) million for the year
ended December 25, 2022. The increase in net cash used in investing activities was primarily due to capital expenditures related to the
opening of two new company-owned restaurants in 2023, partially offset by proceeds from sale-leaseback transactions.

114

Financing
Activities

Net
cash provided by financing activities was $33.4 million for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024,
as compared to $7.7 million for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023. Net cash provided by financing activities
was primarily comprised of funding provided by FAT Brands, partially offset by the net repayment of equipment financings and construction
loans related to restaurant openings.

Net
cash provided by financing activities was $15.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, as compared to $6.4 million for the year
ended December 25, 2022. Net cash provided by financing activities was primarily comprised of net proceeds from equipment financings
and construction loans related to new restaurants and funding provided by FAT Brands. 

Operating
Leases

As
of September 29, 2024, we had 92 operating leases for our corporate offices and for certain restaurant properties owned
by our Company. We recognized lease expense of $16.0 million and $5.4 million for the thirty-nine weeks ended September
29, 2024 and September 24, 2023, respectively. As of September 29, 2024, our operating leases have remaining terms
ranging from approximately 0.1 years to 20.5 years, and the weighted average remaining lease term was 9.2 years.
See also Note 7: Leases to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements as of September 29, 2024 and
for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023, included elsewhere in this Information
Statement.

As
of December 31, 2023, we had 96 operating leases for our corporate offices and for certain restaurant properties owned by our Company.
We recognized lease expense of $10.5 million and $6.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022, respectively.
As of December 31, 2023, our operating leases have remaining terms ranging from approximately 0.6 years to 21.3 years, and the weighted
average remaining lease term was 9.2 years. See also Note 8: Leases to our audited consolidated financial statements as of and
for the years ended December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022, included elsewhere in this Information Statement.

Equipment
Financings

During
2022, one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries entered into certain equipment financing arrangements to borrow up to $1.0 million, the proceeds
of which were used to purchase certain equipment for a company-owned restaurant that opened in 2022 and to retrofit certain existing
company-owned restaurants with equipment (which we refer to as the 2022 Equipment Financings). The 2022 Equipment Financings
have maturity dates between May 5, 2027 and March 7, 2028, and bear interest at fixed rates between 7.99% and 8.49% per annum.

During
2023, one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries entered into an equipment financing arrangement to borrow up to $1.4 million, the proceeds
of which will be used to purchase certain equipment for a new company-owned restaurant (which we refer to as the 2023 Equipment
Financing). The 2023 Equipment Financing has a maturity date of July 1, 2028, and bears interest at 11.5% per annum.

During
2024, one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries entered into certain equipment financing arrangements to borrow up to $4.2 million,
the proceeds of which will be used to purchase certain equipment for three new company-owned Twin Peaks restaurants (which we
refer to as the 2024 Equipment Financings). The 2024 Equipment Financings have maturity dates that are 48
months from the date of each draw, and bear interest at 11.5% per annum.

The
2022 Equipment Financings, the 2023 Equipment Financing, and the 2024 Equipment Financings are secured by certain equipment of
such respective company-owned restaurants. As of September 29, 2024, the total principal amount outstanding under the 2022
Equipment Financings, the 2023 Equipment Financing, and the 2024 Equipment Financings on a collective basis was $5.5 million,
and as of December 31, 2023, the total principal amount outstanding under the 2022 Equipment Financings and the 2023 Equipment
Financing on a collective basis was $1.9 million.

Construction
Loans

In
July 2022, one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries entered into a construction loan agreement to borrow up to $4.5 million, the proceeds
of which were used to construct a new company-owned restaurant in Northlake, Texas (which we refer to as the Northlake Construction
Loan). The Northlake Construction Loan had an initial maturity date of March 12, 2023, with an optional six-month extension, bore
interest at a fixed rate of 8.0% per annum, and was secured by the land and building of the company-owned restaurant in Northlake, Texas.
In December 2022, we entered into a sale leaseback transaction for $4.8 million in net proceeds, a portion of which was used to pay off
the Northlake Construction Loan in full.

115

In
December 2022, one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries entered into a construction loan agreement to borrow up to $4.5 million, the proceeds
of which were used to construct a new company-owned restaurant in Plano, Texas (which we refer to as the Plano Construction Loan).
The Plano Construction Loan had an initial maturity date of August 5, 2023, with an optional six-month extension, bore interest at a
rate equal to the greater of (i) the 30-day Secured Overnight Financing Rate (which we refer to as SOFR) plus 360 basis
points, and (ii) 8.0% per annum, and was secured by the land and building of the company-owned restaurant in Plano, Texas. In August
2023, we exercised the optional six-month extension. In December 2023, we entered into a sale leaseback transaction for $4.8 million
in net proceeds, a portion of which was used to pay off the Plano Construction Loan in full.

In
March 2023, one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries entered into a construction loan agreement to borrow up to $4.5 million, the proceeds
of which were used to construct a new company-owned restaurant in Sarasota, Florida (which we refer to as the Sarasota Construction
Loan). The Sarasota Construction Loan had an initial maturity date of January 9, 2024, with an optional three-month extension,
bore interest at a rate equal to the greater of (i) the 3-month SOFR plus 575 basis points, and (ii) 4.0% per annum. In September 2023,
we entered into a sale leaseback transaction for $4.8 million in net proceeds, a portion of which was used to pay off the Sarasota Construction
Loan in full.

In
December 2023, one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries entered into a construction loan agreement to borrow up to $4.75 million, the proceeds
of which will be used to construct a new company-owned restaurant in McKinney, Texas (which we refer to as the McKinney Construction
Loan). The McKinney Construction Loan has an initial maturity date of December 28, 2024, with an optional one-year extension,
bears interest at a rate equal to the prime lending rate plus 1% per annum, and is secured by the land and building of such company-owned
restaurant.

In
September 2024, one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries entered into a loan agreement to borrow up to $3.2 million (which we refer
to as the Terrell Loan), the proceeds of which will be used for general corporate and working capital purposes, including
construction and build-out related activities for certain of our company-owned restaurants. The Terrell Loan has an initial maturity
date of October 1, 2025, bears interest at a rate of 12.5% per annum, and is secured by the land and building of our company-owned restaurant
located in Terrell, Texas.

As
of September 29, 2024, the total principal amount outstanding under the McKinney Construction Loan and the Terrell Loan on a collective
basis was $6.8 million, and as of December 31, 2023, the principal amount outstanding under the McKinney Construction Loan was $3.6 million.

Prior
Securitization Notes

In
connection with FAT Brands acquisition of the Twin Group in October 2021, the Top Tier Twin Subsidiary sold and issued, through
a private offering pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act, the following three tranches
of fixed rate secured notes: (i) $150.0 million aggregate principal amount of Series 2021-1 7.00% Fixed Rate Senior Secured Notes, Class
A-2 (which we refer to as the Prior Class A-2 Notes), (ii) $50.0 million aggregate principal amount of Series 2021-1 9.00%
Fixed Rate Senior Subordinated Secured Notes, Class B-2 (which we refer to as the Prior Class B-2 Notes), and (iii) $50.0
million aggregate principal amount of Series 2021-1 10.00% Fixed Rate Subordinated Secured Notes, Class M-2 (which we refer to as the
Prior Class M-2 Notes, and collectively with the Prior Class A-2 Notes and the Prior Class B-2 Notes, the Prior
Securitization Notes). Net proceeds from the October 2021 sale and issuance of the Prior Securitization Notes were approximately
$236.9 million, which consisted of the aggregate principal amount of $250.0 million, net of aggregate original issue discounts of approximately
$7.5 million and debt offering expenses of approximately $5.6 million, and such net proceeds were used to finance the cash portion of
the purchase price in connection with FAT Brands acquisition of the Twin Group.

In
September 2023, the Top Tier Twin Subsidiary issued an additional $48.0 million aggregate
principal amount of Prior Class A-2 Notes, and $50.0 million aggregate principal amount of Prior Class M-2 Notes, to FAT Brands, pending
sale to third party investors. FAT Brands subsequently sold the $48.0 million aggregate principal amount of Prior Class A-2 Notes and
$12.3 million aggregate principal amount of the Prior Class M-2 Notes, resulting in net proceeds of approximately $56.0 million, which
consisted of the aggregate principal amount of $60.3 million, net of aggregate original issue discount and debt offering expenses of
approximately $4.3 million, and such net proceeds were used by FAT Brands to fund its operations and for general corporate purposes.

In
March 2024, the Top Tier Twin Subsidiary issued an additional $50.0 million aggregate principal amount of Prior Class A-2 Notes to FAT
Brands, pending sale to third party investors. FAT Brands subsequently sold the $50.0 million aggregate principal amount of Prior Class
A-2 Notes, resulting in net proceeds of approximately $47.1 million, which consisted of the aggregate principal amount of $50.0 million,
net of aggregate original issue discount and debt offering expenses of approximately $2.9 million, and such net proceeds were used by
FAT Brands to fund its operations and for general corporate purposes.

116

The
Prior Securitization Notes were issued pursuant to a base indenture and a series supplement to the base indenture (which we refer to
collectively as the Prior Indenture), by and between the Top Tier Twin Subsidiary, as issuer of the Prior Securitization
Notes, and UMB Bank, National Association, as trustee and securities intermediary. The Prior Securitization Notes were scheduled to mature
on July 25, 2051. The Prior Securitization Notes were generally secured by a security interest in substantially all the assets of the
Twin Group.

As
of September 29, 2024, the carrying value of the Prior Securitization Notes was $390.8 million, net of aggregate unamortized
original issue discounts and debt offering expenses of $4.7 million. For the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29,
2024 and September 24, 2023, we recognized interest expense on the Prior Securitization Notes of $34.9 million and $20.3
million, respectively, which included $9.2 million and $3.6 million for amortization of original issue discounts and
debt offering expenses, respectively. The effective interest rate of the Prior Securitization Notes, including the amortization of original
issue discounts and debt offering expenses, was 12.3% and 10.5% for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29,
2024 and September 24, 2023, respectively. 

As
of December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022, the carrying value of the Prior Securitization Notes was $338.8 million, net of aggregate
unamortized original issue discounts and debt offering expenses of $9.2 million, and $241.8 million, net of aggregate unamortized original
issue discounts and debt offering expenses of $8.2 million, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022,
we recognized interest expense on the Prior Securitization Notes of $29.3 million and $24.2 million, respectively, which included $4.9
million and $2.9 million for amortization of original issue discounts and debt offering expenses, respectively. The effective interest
rate of the Prior Securitization Notes, including the amortization of original issue discounts and debt offering expenses, was 10.8%
and 9.7% for the years ended December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022, respectively.

Call
and Redemption of the Prior Securitization Notes

Under
the terms of the Prior Indenture, the Top Tier Twin Subsidiary had the option to redeem the Prior Securitization Notes by paying
an amount equal to the aggregate principal amount of the Prior Securitization Notes, accrued and unpaid interest thereon, and any fees,
expenses and indemnities owed by the Top Tier Twin Subsidiary thereunder. In connection with the Reorganization, on November 21, 2024,
the Top Tier Twin Subsidiary called and redeemed all of the Prior Securitization Notes using the net proceeds from
the issuance of the Twin Securitization Notes, and following such call and redemption, all of the Prior Securitization Notes were
terminated in their entirety. See also Twin Securitization Notes below.

Twin
Securitization Notes

In
connection with the Reorganization, on November 21, 2024, the Top Tier Twin Subsidiary sold and issued, through a private offering
pursuant to Rule 144A and Regulation S under the Securities Act, the following four tranches of fixed rate secured notes
(which we refer to collectively as the Twin Securitization Notes), which have an aggregate principal balance of $416,711,000
and a weighted average interest rate of 9.50% per annum:

Class Seniority Principal Balance Coupon Anticipated

Repayment Date Final Legal Maturity Date

A-2-I Super Senior $ 12,124,000 9.00 % 10/25/2027 10/26/2054

A-2-II Senior $ 269,257,000 9.00 % 10/25/2027 10/26/2054

B-2 Senior Subordinated $ 57,619,000 10.00 % 10/25/2027 10/26/2054

M-2 Subordinated $ 77,711,000 11.00 % 10/25/2027 10/26/2054

Net proceeds from the sale and issuance of the
Twin Securitization Notes were approximately $407.5 million, which consisted of the aggregate principal amount of $416.7 million, net
of aggregate original issue discounts of approximately $3.2 million and debt offering expenses of approximately $6.0 million, and such
net proceeds were primarily used to redeem all of the Prior Securitization Notes, with the remainder to be used for working capital and
general corporate purposes.

See Description of Certain IndebtednessTwin Securitization
Notes.

Capital
Expenditures

Other
than described under Liquidity and Capital ResourcesEquipment Financing and Construction
Loan Agreements above, we do not have any material contractual obligations for ongoing capital expenditures at this time.

Contractual
Obligations, Commitments and Contingencies

Our
material contractual obligations arising in the normal course of business primarily consist of operating lease obligations, long-term
debt, equipment financing obligations, construction loans, and certain other purchase obligations. The timing and nature of these commitments
are expected to have an impact on our liquidity and capital requirements in future periods.

117

As
of September 29, 2024, we had operating lease payment obligations of $162.9 million, with $5.1 million to be paid
during the last fiscal quarter of 2024 and the remainder thereafter. As of December 31, 2023, we had operating lease payment obligations
of $171.1 million, with $23.1 million to be paid within 12 months and the remainder thereafter. See Note 7: Leases to our
unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements as of September 29, 2024 and for the thirty-nine weeks ended September
29, 2024 and September 24, 2023, and Note 8: Leases to our audited consolidated financial statements as of and for
the years ended December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022, included elsewhere in this Information Statement, for additional information
relating to our operating leases.

As
of September 29, 2024, we had (i) total securitized debt of $386.1 million, with $2.0 million to be paid during
the last fiscal quarter of 2024 and the remainder thereafter, (ii) equipment financing payment obligations of $4.7 million, with
$0.3 million to be paid during the last fiscal quarter of 2024 and the remainder thereafter, (iii) construction loan payment obligations
of $6.8 million, with $3.6 million to be paid during the last fiscal quarter of 2024 and the remainder thereafter, and (iv) payment
obligations under a promissory note for $0.1 million, which will be paid off in full by the end of 2024. As of December
31, 2023, we had (i) total securitized debt of $348.0 million, with $7.0 million to be paid within 12 months, and the remainder thereafter,
(ii) equipment financing payment obligations of $1.9 million, with $0.5 million to be paid within 12 months, and the remainder thereafter,
(iii) construction loan payment obligations of $2.2 million, which will be paid off in full within 12 months, and (iv) payment obligations
under a promissory note for $1.0 million, which will be paid off in full within 12 months. See Note 8: Debt to our unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements as of September 29, 2024 and for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29,
2024 and September 24, 2023, and Note 9: Debt to our audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the years
ended December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022, included elsewhere in this Information Statement, for additional information relating
to our securitized debt, equipment financing, construction loans, and promissory note.

Purchase
obligations include agreements related to the purchase of food, beverages, paper goods and other supplies, equipment purchases, marketing-related
contracts, software license commitments, and IT and other service contracts in the normal course of business. These obligations are generally
pursuant to short-term purchase orders at prevailing market prices and are recorded as liabilities when the related goods are received
or services rendered. These commitments are cancellable, and there are no material financial penalties associated with these commitments
in the event of early termination.

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements

During
the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023, and the years ended December 31, 2023 and
December 25, 2022, we did not have, and we do not currently have, any off-balance sheet arrangements.

Critical
Accounting Estimates

Goodwill
and other intangible assets. Goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite lives, such as trademarks, are not amortized
but are reviewed for impairment by our management annually, or more frequently if indicators arise, as was done in 2023 and 2022. We
did not record impairment charges during fiscal year 2023 or 2022.

Use
of estimates. The preparation of our financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires our management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities as of the
respective dates of the financial statements, as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reported periods. Actual
results could differ from those estimates.

118

Recently
Issued Accounting Standards

In
November 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (which we refer to as the FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update
2023-07, Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosure (which we refer to as ASU 280),
to require public entities to disclose significant segment expenses and other segment items on an annual and interim basis and to provide
for interim periods all disclosures regarding a reportable segments profits (or losses) and assets that are currently required
to be disclosed annually. Public entities with a single reportable segment are required to provide the new disclosures and all other
disclosures required under ASC 280. ASU 280 became effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023 on a retrospective basis,
and will become effective for interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024. Early adoption of ASU 280 is permitted.
We are currently evaluating the impact of ASU 280 on our consolidated financial statements and expect that the adoption of ASU 280 will
result in additional segment disclosures in our consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ending December 29, 2024 and subsequent
annual and interim periods.

Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk

We
consider market risk to be the potential loss arising from adverse changes in market rates and prices. In the ordinary course of our
business as currently conducted, which primarily consists of our restaurant operations and franchising activities, we are exposed to
market risk of the type that may arise from changes in commodity and food prices, inflation, and labor costs. We currently do not enter
into derivatives or other financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes.

Commodity
and Food Price Risks

We
purchase certain products that are affected by commodity prices and, therefore, are subject to price volatility caused by market conditions,
shortages or supply chain interruptions, weather, governmental regulations, inflation, and other factors that are not within our control.
In many cases, we believe that we will be able to address material commodity cost increases through purchasing contracts, pricing arrangements,
increases to our menu prices, or other operational adjustments that increase productivity. However, there can be no assurance that these
measures will be able to fully offset any increases in commodity prices, which could increase our restaurant operating costs as a percentage
of our company-owned restaurant sales and impact our results of operations.

Effects
of Inflation

Inflation
impacts all our restaurant operating costs. For example, we experienced a mid-single digit percentage increase in the cost of our food
ingredients in fiscal year 2022, and mid-single digit percentage increases in our labor costs in fiscal years 2023 and 2022, which have
adversely impacted our gross margins. While we have been able to partially offset inflation and other changes in our restaurant operating
costs by gradually increasing menu prices, coupled with more efficient purchasing practices, greater economies of scale and productivity
improvements, there can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to do so in the future. From time to time, competitive conditions
could limit our menu pricing flexibility. Additionally, macroeconomic conditions could make additional increases to our menu prices imprudent.
There also can be no assurance that increased menu prices will be fully absorbed without any resulting change in the visitation frequency
or purchasing patterns of our guests. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that we will generate a sufficient amount of sales revenue
growth to offset inflationary or other cost pressures.

Certain
of the leases for our restaurants provide for contingent rent obligations based on a percentage of sales. As a result, any menu price
increases at such restaurants would only offset a proportionate increase in occupancy and related expenses.

119

Labor
Costs

Wages
paid at our restaurants are impacted by, among other factors, changes in federal and state hourly minimum wage rates. Accordingly, changes
in the federal and state hourly minimum wage rates directly affect our labor costs. Wages and benefits are also affected by supply and
demand forces in specific regions. Competition for qualified employees in these regions could require us to pay higher wages and provide
greater benefits. Additionally, the COVID-19 pandemic and recent macroeconomic conditions have resulted in aggressive competition for
talent, wage inflation, and pressure to improve benefits and workplace conditions in order to remain competitive.

While
we generally seek to offset any wage increases with periodic increases to our menu prices and implementation of various operational efficiencies,
there can be no assurance that such measures will be able to fully offset any wage increases, and we may seek to increase our menu prices.

Implications
of Being an Emerging Growth Company

We
qualify as an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act. We will remain an emerging growth company until the
earliest of (i) the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the completion of the Spin-Off, (ii) the last day
of the fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.235 billion, (iii) the last day of the fiscal year on which
we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer under the Exchange Act, which means the market value of the shares of our
Common Stock that are held by non-affiliates exceeds $700.0 million as of the end of the second quarter of that fiscal year), or (iv)
the date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period.

An
emerging growth company may take advantage of reduced reporting and other requirements that are otherwise applicable generally to reporting
companies that make filings with the SEC. For so long as we remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required to, among other
things:

present
more than two years of audited financial statements and two years of related selected financial
information and managements discussion and analysis of financial condition and results
of operations disclosure in our Registration Statement on Form 10, of which this Information
Statement is a part;

have
an auditor report on our internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b)
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; and

comply
with any requirement that may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation
or a supplement to the auditors report providing additional information about the
audit and the financial statements (i.e., an auditor discussion and analysis).

We
have elected to adopt the reduced disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies. As a result of these elections, the
information that we provide in this Information Statement, including this section, may be different from the information you may receive
from other public companies in which you hold securities. If some investors find our Class A Common Stock less attractive as a result,
there may be a less active trading market for our Class A Common Stock and the market price of our Class A Common Stock may be more volatile.
See also Risk FactorsRisks Related to our Class A Common StockWe are an emerging growth company
and a smaller reporting company, and comply with reduced reporting requirements applicable to emerging growth companies
and smaller reporting companies, which may make our Class A Common Stock less attractive to investors.

Additionally,
the JOBS Act also permits emerging growth companies to take advantage of an extended transition period to comply with new or revised
accounting standards applicable to public companies. We have elected to opt-in to this extended transition period for complying
with new or revised accounting standards, and intend to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different
effective dates for public and private companies until those standards apply to private companies. Therefore, we will not be subject
to the same new or revised accounting standards at the same time as other public companies that comply with such new or revised accounting
standards on a non-delayed basis. As a result, our consolidated financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with
public company effective dates.

120

BUSINESS

Our
Company

We
are a franchisor and operator of two specialty casual dining restaurant concepts: Twin Peaks and Smokey Bones. As of September 29,
2024, our total restaurant footprint consists of 172 restaurants, of which 74 are domestic franchised Twin Peaks restaurants
operated by our franchisee partners, seven are international franchised Twin Peaks restaurants operated by a franchisee partner in Mexico,
33 are domestic company-owned Twin Peaks restaurants, and 58 are domestic company-owned Smokey Bones restaurants. During
the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024, we and our franchise partners opened five franchised Twin Peaks
restaurants across our Twin Peaks restaurant system. During fiscal year 2023, we and our franchisee partners opened 12 franchised Twin
Peaks restaurants, and we opened two company-owned Twin Peaks restaurants, across our Twin Peaks restaurant system.

Our
growth plan is driven by a robust pipeline of new restaurant developments and strong Comparable Restaurant Sales growth. Our pipeline
includes more than 100 signed franchised units as of September 29, 2024, providing significant visibility into our near-term growth
trajectory. As we continue to expand, of the total number of anticipated new restaurant openings, we have a goal of having approximately
75% be franchised restaurants.

Our
Track Record of Robust Financial Performance and Growth

Our
team of passionate and experienced professionals has capitalized on our growth strategy to deliver robust and consistent sales growth,
new restaurant openings, and strong unit economics for our restaurants. We believe that our compelling financial results and growth trajectory
illustrate the appeal of our brands to customers and proof of concept while demonstrating the long-term potential of our brands:

From
fiscal year 2019 to fiscal year 2023, our System-Wide Sales have increased from $342.7 million to $583.4 million, representing a
compound annual growth rate (which we refer to as CAGR) of 14.2%.

Our
Comparable Restaurant Sales have demonstrated strong momentum. In fiscal years 2021, 2022 and 2023, we generated Comparable Restaurant
Sales growth of 45.5%, 10.9% and (0.2)%, respectively. Relative to fiscal year 2019, we generated Comparable Restaurant Sales growth
of 10.8%, 25.5% and 24.7% during fiscal years 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively.

From
fiscal year 2019 to fiscal year 2023, our revenue has increased from $129.0 million to $230.9 million, representing a CAGR of 15.7%.

In
fiscal years 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022 and 2023, we generated net income (losses) of $(3.4) million, $(10.6) million, $16.3 million,
$(12.8) million and $(13.8) million, respectively. Net income or net loss for fiscal years prior to 2022 is not directly comparable
to fiscal years 2022 and 2023 due to FAT Brands acquisition of the Twin Group in 2021. Net loss margin for fiscal years 2019
and 2023 was (2.6)% and (6.0)%, respectively.

From
fiscal year 2019 to fiscal year 2023, our Adjusted EBITDA has increased from $9.0 million to $28.3 million, representing a CAGR of
33.2%. These Adjusted EBITDA figures represent Adjusted EBITDA Margins of 7.0% and 12.3% in fiscal years 2019 and 2023, respectively,
equating to an absolute margin increase of 5.3%.

121

Twin
Peaks: The Ultimate Sports Lodge

Twin
Peaks is an award-winning restaurant and sports bar brand. We believe that Twin Peaks combination of made-from-scratch food, 29-degree
draft beer, innovative cocktail program, and sports on wall-to-wall televisions at rugged lodge atmosphere themed restaurants is highly
differentiated from other competitive concepts, allowing us to deliver an engaging and unique experience to our customers. Founded in
2005 in Dallas, Texas, Twin Peaks has grown from a single restaurant to a system of 114 restaurants across 27 states and Mexico
as of September 29, 2024. Driven by our goal of revolutionizing the sports bar experience, and with an estimated total market
opportunity in the United States of approximately 650 restaurants (based on a whitespace analysis performed by eSite Analytics in 2023),
plus substantial international development opportunities, we believe that we are well-positioned to accelerate the growth of Twin Peaks.

At
its core, Twin Peaks is an experiential dining brand. We strive to provide a best-in-class dining and sports bar experience for each
guest who walks into our Twin Peaks restaurants, which we deliver through our innovative menu, engaging waitstaff, and immersive sports
viewing experience. Twin Peaks made-from-scratch food features a wide array of selections, ranging from craveable game day favorites
(such as seared-to-order burgers and hand-breaded chicken wings) to more innovative and premium options (such as New York strip steak,
in-house smoked ribs, and street tacos), which may be less common for a typical restaurant and sports bar. Twin Peaks pairs its curated
food menu with its customer-favorite 29-degree draft beer and craft cocktails. All of our Twin Peaks restaurants possess the look and
feel of a natural and rugged mountain lodge, featuring authentic wood tones, comfortable seating, quality furnishings, and spacious tables
for optimal sports viewing and group gatherings. Our Twin Peaks restaurants typically feature between 60 and 100 television set-ups,
providing an immersive and customized viewing experience featuring sports programming and pay-per-view events. Guests at our Twin Peaks
restaurants are welcomed by an engaging team, highlighted by an all-female waitstaff, who are a valuable aspect of the Twin Peaks business
model and key components of the memorable experiences that our Twin Peaks restaurants provide to guests. Additionally, Twin Peaks
waitstaff are empowered to serve as brand ambassadors, helping to extend the visibility of the Twin Peaks brand to a wider audience of
customers.

The
Twin Peaks restaurant experience we provide to our guests is the foundation of the Twin Peaks brand, and we believe that this is the
primary catalyst of Twin Peaks strong performance. Twin Peaks broad menu and thoughtfully crafted dining experience drive
consistent customer traffic across all dayparts, including lunch, happy hour, dinner and late-night. We structure Twin Peaks menu
utilizing a barbell pricing model, offering a broad combination of lower-priced, entry-level menu items along with a range
of more premium, higher-priced food and beverages. This pricing strategy offers a differentiated price-to-value proposition for a multitude
of guest preferences. Additionally, the breadth of Twin Peaks beverage offerings supports high-margin revenue across our Twin
Peaks restaurant base. We believe that the guests at our Twin Peaks restaurants are highly engaged and enjoy the Twin Peaks restaurant
experience, which is best evidenced by Twin Peaks industry-leading guest satisfaction and intent-to-return scores, as measured
by Black Box. We believe that the Twin Peaks concept possesses broad appeal and resonates with the Generation X, Millennial and Generation
Z demographic groups, as well as with all genders.

In
order to expand our Twin Peaks restaurant footprint, we are capitalizing on a flexible real estate strategy that has proven successful
in converting various existing restaurants and retail stores into Twin Peaks restaurants. As of September 29, 2024, of our 114
Twin Peaks restaurants, approximately 80% were conversions from previous restaurants or retail stores. Relative to new-build restaurants,
conversions enable broader and more flexible access to real estate, more timely openings, lower build-out costs, and accelerated payback
periods.

Our
growth plan for Twin Peaks is driven by a robust pipeline of new restaurant developments and strong Comparable Restaurant Sales growth.
Our pipeline for new Twin Peaks restaurants includes more than 100 signed franchised units as of September 29, 2024, providing
significant visibility into Twin Peaks near-term growth trajectory. Based on our franchise development pipeline, which continues
to grow, for fiscal years 2024 to 2028, we believe that we and our franchisee partners will open between 10 to 12 new franchised Twin
Peaks restaurants per year. As we continue to expand our Twin Peaks restaurant system, of the total number of anticipated new restaurant
openings, we have a goal of having approximately 75% be franchised restaurants.

122

As
of September 29, 2024, our total domestic Twin Peaks restaurant footprint includes 107 Twin Peaks restaurants across 27
states, of which 74 are franchised restaurants operated by our franchisee partners and 33 are company-owned restaurants.
Additionally, we have partnered with a franchisee who operates seven Twin Peaks restaurants in Mexico. During the thirty-nine
weeks ended September 29, 2024, we and our franchise partners opened five franchised Twin Peaks restaurants across our
Twin Peaks restaurant system, which represented a 11% increase in restaurant count relative to the same period in 2023. During
fiscal year 2023, we and our franchisee partners opened 12 franchised Twin Peaks restaurants, and we opened two company-owned Twin Peaks
restaurants, across our Twin Peaks restaurant system, which represented a 15% increase in restaurant count relative to 2022. The growth
in the number of Twin Peaks restaurants is supported by Twin Peaks strong and consistent Average Unit Volumes (which we refer
to as AUVs), which have shown considerable growth and stability as we have expanded the Twin Peaks brand into new locations
and markets. We believe that our ability to generate high AUVs across our Twin Peaks restaurant system in a variety of diverse markets
demonstrates the immense portability and potential of the Twin Peaks brand. Furthermore, Twin Peaks consistent AUVs serve as proof
points within its existing markets, allowing us to confidently infill these markets with additional Twin Peaks restaurants.

Twin
Peaks Track Record of Robust Financial Performance and Growth

We
believe that we have capitalized on our growth strategy for Twin Peaks to deliver robust and consistent sales growth, new restaurant
openings, and strong unit economics for our Twin Peaks restaurants. From fiscal year 2019 to fiscal year 2023, the number of Twin Peaks
restaurants has grown from 84 restaurants to 109 restaurants, representing a CAGR of 6.7%. Additionally, Twin Peaks AUVs have
exhibited significant growth across our Twin Peaks restaurant system. From fiscal year 2019 to fiscal year 2023, Twin Peaks AUVs
have grown from $4.1 million to $5.4 million, representing a CAGR of 7.1%. We believe that the growth of Twin Peaks AUVs as our
Twin Peaks restaurant system has expanded into new markets demonstrates the portability of the Twin Peaks brand and concept as well as
our ability to successfully execute our growth strategy for Twin Peaks within new locations and markets.

We
believe that Twin Peaks highly compelling unit economics are a key driver of the expansion of our Twin Peaks restaurant system,
allowing us to catalyze growth in our business while simultaneously attracting both new and existing franchisee partners to commit to
new restaurant development. When modeling new Twin Peaks restaurant openings, we target the following average unit economics in the third
full year of operations:

AUV
of approximately $6.5 million;

Restaurant-Level
Contribution Margin of approximately 16% for our company-owned Twin Peaks restaurants; and

Cash-on-cash
returns of approximately 28.9% for conversions from previous restaurants or retail stores and approximately 37.1% for new-build restaurants.
These cash-on-cash return targets are calculated based on a target average investment cost of approximately $3.6 million for conversions
from previous restaurants or retail stores and approximately $2.8 million for new-build restaurants (in each case, net of tenant
allowances and sale leaseback proceeds and excluding pre-opening expenses).

The
following table summarizes our target economics for new Twin Peaks restaurant openings:

Target
Average Unit Economics

(dollars
in thousands) Conversions New
Builds 

AUV(1) $ 6,500 $ 6,500 

Restaurant-Level
Contribution Margin(1)(2) 16.0 % 16.0 %

Net initial
investment(3) $ 3,600 $ 2,800 

Cash-on-cash return(1)(4) 28.9 % 37.1 %

(1) Reflects
targets for the third full year of operations.

123

(2) See
Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
OperationsNon-GAAP Financial MetricsRestaurant-Level Contribution and Restaurant-Level
Contribution Margin for a further discussion of Restaurant-Level Contribution
and Restaurant-Level Contribution Margin, and for a reconciliation of income from operations,
the most directly comparable financial measure under GAAP, to Restaurant-Level Contribution.

(3) Reflects
capital expenditures incurred to open a restaurant, net of tenant allowances and sale leaseback
proceeds, and excluding pre-opening expenses.

(4) See Managements
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of OperationsNon-GAAP Financial
MetricsCash-on-Cash Return for a further discussion of cash-on-cash return.

Openings
of new franchised Twin Peaks restaurants are particularly profitable for our business model. A franchised Twin Peaks restaurant generating
an illustrative AUV of $6.0 million contributes approximately $300,000 in royalty income to us each year (based on a royalty rate of
5.0% of gross sales), which contributes directly to our profitability profile and carries minimal associated variable costs. Additionally,
such franchised Twin Peaks restaurant would contribute approximately $150,000 (based on a required contribution of 2.5% of gross sales)
to the Twin Peaks National Marketing Fund, which would allow us to increase brand awareness in both new and existing markets.

In
2024, we are targeting to open three to four new company-owned Twin Peaks restaurants, with two closures. During the thirty-nine
weeks ended September 29, 2024, our franchisees opened five franchised Twin Peaks restaurants, and we currently estimate
that a franchisee will open one additional new franchised Twin Peaks restaurant during the last fiscal quarter of
2024. In total, we are targeting the expansion of our Twin Peaks restaurant footprint by eight new Twin Peaks restaurants in 2024.

Conversions
of Smokey Bones Restaurants into Twin Peaks Restaurants

In
September 2023, FAT Brands acquired Barbeque Integrated, Inc., which is the entity that owns Smokey Bones Bar & Fire Grill (which
we refer to as Smokey Bones). Subsequent to FAT Brands acquisition of Smokey Bones, on March 21, 2024, FAT Brands
contributed to the Top Tier Twin Subsidiary, and the Top Tier Twin Subsidiary acquired
(which we refer to as the Smokey Bones Acquisition), all of the outstanding capital stock of Barbeque Integrated, Inc.,
which included Smokey Bones. We plan to convert approximately half of the acquired 60 Smokey Bones restaurants into new Twin Peaks restaurants
(which we refer to as the Twin Peaks Conversions). Of the to be converted Smokey Bones restaurants that are within existing
franchisee development areas, we plan to work with our existing franchisees to develop those restaurants. Of the to be converted Smokey
Bones restaurants that are within new markets, we may partner with a franchisee to develop those restaurants or convert those restaurants
into company-owned Twin Peaks restaurants.

We
estimate that the required initial investment cost for a conversion of a Smokey Bones restaurant into a Twin Peaks restaurant, excluding
pre-opening expenses, to be between approximately $2.0 million to $5.0 million per restaurant, consistent with our initial investment
targets for conversions of existing sites. We believe that the opportunity to convert Smokey Bones restaurants enables us and our franchisees
to open new Twin Peaks restaurants in attractive locations and markets at a lower cost than a new build and on a shorter timeline, while
also providing heightened visibility into our near-term growth objectives for our Twin Peaks restaurant system.

Of
the remaining Smokey Bones restaurants that are not converted into Twin Peaks restaurants, we intend to operate them as company-owned
Smokey Bones restaurants, or sell them to franchisees who will own and operate them as franchised Smokey Bones restaurants.

124

Twin
Peaks Market Opportunity

Twin
Peaks competes in the broader casual dining segment of the U.S. full-service dining industry. According to Technomic, Inc. (which we
refer to as Technomic), a leading data provider for the restaurant industry, the full-service dining industry is highly
fragmented, with various concepts competing for wallet share across a number of menu categories, including sports bars, steak, Italian/pizza,
family style, and others. According to Technomic, the full-service dining industry in the United States generated sales of approximately
$264 billion and $275 billion in 2022 and 2023, respectively. In fiscal year 2023, our domestic System-Wide Sales growth outpaced that
of the broader full-service dining industry, as our domestic System-Wide Sales grew by 11%, relative to 5% for the full-service dining
industry as a whole, according to Technomic.

Within
the full-service dining industry, Twin Peaks operates within the casual dining segment and the sports bar sub-segment. According to Technomics
2023 Top 500 Chain Restaurant Report, which ranks U.S. restaurant chains by 2022 domestic system-wide sales, Twin Peaks was ranked 102
on the list of all U.S. restaurant concepts and fifth out of 29 restaurant concepts within the sports bar sub-segment. We believe that
the Twin Peaks concept has a significant opportunity to disrupt the sports bar and broader casual dining segments, and we are well-positioned
to capitalize on this opportunity. We believe that Twin Peaks focus on made-from-scratch food, craft beverages, and providing
an engaging sports-lodge experience helps differentiate the Twin Peaks concept from competitors while creating an environment difficult
for customers to replicate at home. As customers continue to seek engaging and high-quality dining experiences, we are targeting growth
rates for Twin Peaks in excess of the broader industry.

We
believe that Twin Peaks success can be best demonstrated by its performance relative to the broader casual dining segment, as
tracked by Black Box. Black Box tracks consumer intent-to-return, which we believe is Twin Peaks strongest measure of success.
In fiscal year 2023, Twin Peaks consumer intent-to-return score, as defined by Black Box, was measured at 95%, as compared to
74% for the broader casual dining segment. We believe that Twin Peaks strong traffic trends and favorable customer perception
are critical drivers of its sales growth and demonstrate the strength and potential of the Twin Peaks concept. As Twin Peaks continues
to grow, we believe that Twin Peaks has an opportunity to gain market share by focusing on providing guests with a superior dining and
sports viewing experience, thereby driving increased brand awareness, continued growth in Comparable Restaurant Sales, and continued
expansion of our Twin Peaks restaurant footprint. Furthermore, we believe that the Twin Peaks concept is uniquely resistant to economic
headwinds given the breath of its menu items and range of price points, combined with its focus on providing an immersive sports viewing
experience.

Twin
Peaks Aims to Provide Guests with an Unmatched Dining Experience

Since
its inception, Twin Peaks has been driven by its mission of providing guests with an authentic, energetic and comfortable environment,
food that makes guests feel good, and beverages to celebrate every win. We consider Twin Peaks focus on experiential dining to
be an integral component of its DNA, a core differentiator of the Twin Peaks concept, and the primary driver of Twin Peaks unique
brand identity and value proposition for consumers. We believe that Twin Peaks combination of made-from-scratch food, 29-degree
draft beers, craft cocktails, engaging waitstaff, and expansive television packages creates a dining and sports-viewing experience that
is difficult to replicate at home or elsewhere, which drives strong customer traffic at our Twin Peaks restaurants. Our focus on providing
an outstanding experience for each guest is consistent across our Twin Peaks restaurant system. Our Twin Peaks restaurants are thoughtfully
crafted to look and feel like a natural and rugged escape, incorporating various iconic features of mountain lodges. In addition to its
kitchen, bar and television packages, many of our Twin Peaks lodges include other amenities, such as outdoor patios, fire pits and cigar
rooms, offering guests opportunities to socialize while watching their favorite sporting events. While all Twin Peaks restaurants generally
exhibit the same look and feel, each Twin Peaks restaurant does so with a distinctive and unique touch, making no two restaurants exactly
alike. Additionally, we and our franchisees are able to tailor the look and feel of a Twin Peaks restaurant in order to best appeal to
specific localities. As we continue to expand our Twin Peaks restaurant footprint, both domestically and internationally, we aim to continue
to provide Twin Peaks signature dining experience to guests across both new and existing markets. The primary pillars of the Twin
Peaks in-restaurant experience are further described below.

125

Award-Winning
Craft Kitchen and Menu Offerings

Our
Twin Peaks restaurants feature a selection of craveable, bold and exciting menu items, providing guests with a broad range of gastropub-style
all-American comfort food suitable for a variety of taste preferences. Twin Peaks food menu is comprised of approximately 70 core
items, which are made-from-scratch and feature fresh and premium ingredients. Twin Peaks offers a variety of shareable menu items to
cater specifically to guests gathered in groups, while still providing a number of curated entre selections. Core menu items
include a range of elevated but familiar game day favorites, such as burgers, chicken wings (available in over 30 different cooking styles,
sauce varieties, and rubs) and flatbreads, as well as a variety of innovative and creative dishes, such as street tacos, spicy meatball
parmesan submarine sandwiches, and New York strip steaks. We have designed the Twin Peaks menu to focus on efficiently limiting the number
of ingredients in a given restaurants pantry, which streamlines the labor hours required to prepare the food offerings while simultaneously
allowing team members to excel in the preparation of a targeted number of items. Twin Peaks menu is driven by its in-house culinary
team, which allows Twin Peaks to capitalize on relevant trends and to provide guests with new and innovative dishes. All of our Twin
Peaks restaurants feature a well-equipped kitchen, including an in-house smoker, which is utilized across several menu offerings, such
as chicken wings and street tacos. We are constantly seeking to innovate across Twin Peaks menu, leveraging the trusted Twin Peaks
brand to encourage guests to try exciting new items, such as a lobster roll BLT. We believe that the quality and breadth of Twin Peaks
menu is a core differentiator of the Twin Peaks brand and a defining element of the Twin Peaks restaurant experience.

Broad
and Differentiated Beverage Offerings

Twin
Peaks curated food menu is paired with a broad selection of beverage offerings, including a range of ice-cold draft beer, craft
cocktails, and spirits. In particular, Twin Peaks signature, teeth-chattering 29-degree draft beer served in frosted mugs is a
customer favorite. Twin Peaks features a rotating selection of ice-cold beers on tap, as well as a range of local and seasonal favorites,
which can vary by restaurant. We have spent years perfecting the process behind serving Twin Peaks 29-degree draft beer, from
the washing to the freeze-drying of our mugs. Our Twin Peaks restaurants feature up to 32 beer taps, depending on the size of the venue,
with an average of 24 to 32 taps per restaurant across our Twin Peaks restaurant system. Twin Peaks offers a selection of proprietary,
in-house beers to all 34 Twin Peaks restaurants across Texas. All of the Twin Peaks signature beers sold in our Twin Peaks restaurants
in Texas, such as the Twin Peaks Dirty Blonde, are brewed at Twin Peaks Brewing Co., our brew-pub in Irving, Texas. Additionally, we
work with national commercial brewers to produce private label beer outside of Texas in order to offer proprietary beers at all of our
Twin Peaks restaurants throughout our Twin Peaks restaurant system. Our brewing operations allow Twin Peaks to generate higher margins
on sales of its proprietary beers, while simultaneously offering meaningful value to guests by selling this beer at compelling price
points. Twin Peaks currently offers four staple draft beers, as well as a variety of limited edition and seasonal brews.

While
Twin Peaks is widely known for its 29-degree draft beer, the Twin Peaks concept extends far beyond its beer offerings. We take great
pride in Twin Peaks extensive selection of premium craft cocktails and distinctive spirits. Twin Peaks offers a curated menu of
liquors and spirits, ranging from familiar and accessible options to top-shelf brands. Twin Peaks also leverages its extensive list of
spirits to provide guests with classic and creative specialty cocktails, including martinis, mules, margaritas and specialty shots. Twin
Peaks combination of beer and spirits provides guests with an elevated selection of bar options that can pair with any meal and
satisfy a diverse range of guest preferences.

126

Energetic
and Engaging Waitstaff

Guests
at all of our Twin Peaks restaurants are greeted and served by an all-female waitstaff and front of house team, which is a central component
of the Twin Peaks restaurant experience. Twin Peaks team members are focused on delivering an outstanding experience that makes
all guests feel like regulars. We have intentionally tailored the job responsibilities of the Twin Peaks waitstaff to allow them to focus
a maximum amount of time and energy on providing friendly service and welcoming hospitality. Additionally, the Twin Peaks waitstaff often
commands engaged audiences across social media platforms and is encouraged to serve as ambassadors for the Twin Peaks brand. We believe
that the Twin Peaks waitstaff provides publicity and a mutually beneficial halo effect for the Twin Peaks brand, allowing Twin Peaks
to reach a wider range of customers and drive local traffic.

The
Ultimate Sports Viewing Experience

Twin
Peaks strives to provide its guests with a sports viewing experience that is unrivaled at home or elsewhere. Our Twin Peaks restaurants
allow guests to experience every game, match, fight and race in a welcoming and energetic setting. Twin Peaks sports viewing experience
is driven by its expansive television packages. Our Twin Peaks restaurants offer wall-to-wall televisions featuring comprehensive and
customizable sports programming packages and pay-per-view events. Twin Peaks sports programming is flexible and can be easily
modified, which we believe allows it to appeal to the broadest number of sports fans by showcasing a multitude of events simultaneously.
On days with multiple games, such as NFL Sundays or college football Saturdays, each Twin Peaks restaurant strategically maps out televisions
by section so that it can best accommodate guests and pair them with their favorite teams. Our Twin Peaks restaurants are intentionally
designed to capitalize on available space and to ensure that there is not a bad seat in the house. As of September 29,
2024, with respect to our domestic Twin Peaks restaurants currently open, the average restaurant size is approximately 7,800 square
feet and typically features between 60 and 100 television setups.

In
addition to traditional sports programming, Twin Peaks curates special events and promotions around high-profile sporting events and
occasions. For example, we showcase major boxing and mixed martial arts pay-per-view events in our Twin Peaks restaurants, which we believe
provides guests with a compelling value proposition, allowing them to watch in our Twin Peaks restaurants rather than incur the cost
of pay-per-view packages at home. We believe that the experience Twin Peaks provides to guests for special events has helped establish
Twin Peaks as a chosen destination for sports viewing. Twin Peaks slate of special events is intentionally coordinated with the
sports calendar, and our Twin Peaks team organizes effective marketing campaigns around the NFL, college football, fantasy football,
MLB, NBA, March Madness, and other major sporting events throughout the year.

127

Curated
Special and Private Events

Our
Twin Peaks restaurants arrange a variety of seasonal in-restaurant events throughout the year. These events are often coordinated with
specific holidays or other unique occasions, such as St. Patricks Day, Valentines Day, Cinco de Mayo, Black Friday, Veterans
Day, National Pickle Day, the anniversary of the end of Prohibition, and others. Twin Peaks also regularly pairs beverage promotions
with costume events led by the Twin Peaks waitstaff, allowing us to drive sales of specific menu items. We believe that Twin Peaks
dynamic event calendar drives guest engagement and allows the Twin Peaks waitstaff to deliver unique twists to Twin Peaks already
engaging restaurant experience. These seasonal events are particularly critical in driving customer traffic to our Twin Peaks restaurants
during the summer months, when the sports calendar is relatively quiet. Additionally, our Twin Peaks restaurants host a variety of private
events, such as birthday parties and corporate events. We believe that Twin Peaks engaging restaurant experience positions it
well to continue to grow its private events business.

Twin
Peaks Competitive Strengths

Differentiated
Customer Experience Generating Industry-Leading Guest Satisfaction

We
believe that the Twin Peaks restaurant experience is unparalleled due to its broad made-from-scratch food selection, full-service beverage
offerings, and expansive sports viewing packages that are delivered in a welcoming and comfortable atmosphere. As a result, guests at
our Twin Peaks restaurants are highly supportive of, and loyal to, the Twin Peaks brand. We believe that Twin Peaks Black Box
scores in various categories of consumer sentiment, particularly intent-to-return, are critical measures of Twin Peaks success.
We analyze several consumer sentiment scores reported by Black Box, including consumer perception of Twin Peaks food, beverages,
service and ambiance, and consumer intent-to-return. For fiscal year 2023, Twin Peaks average scores for its food, beverages,
service and ambiance, and consumer intent-to-return, as reported by Black Box, were 92%, 92%, 94%, 89% and 95%, respectively. Per Black
Box, these scores are higher in every category relative to the broader casual dining segment, which we believe is a testament to the
strength of the Twin Peaks concept.

128

We
believe that Twin Peaks growth trajectory is reflected in its consistent and growing AUVs. From fiscal year 2019 to fiscal year
2023, our Twin Peaks restaurants have grown their AUVs by 31.7%. Furthermore, as we have expanded our Twin Peaks restaurant footprint
to 114 locations as of September 29, 2024 (as compared to 84 restaurants as of December 29, 2019), the AUVs of our Twin
Peaks restaurants have increased, highlighting the strength and stability of the Twin Peaks brand across increasing locations and markets.

Unique
Barbell Pricing Model Offering Compelling Guest Value Proposition

Twin
Peaks utilizes a barbell pricing strategy for its menu across all of the Twin Peaks restaurants, providing a compelling
price-to-value proposition that appeals to a diverse range of guests. Twin Peaks extensive food and beverage menu selections are
suitable for guests with a wide variety of culinary preferences and budget considerations. For example, based on menu pricing as of December
31, 2023, Twin Peaks offered food items ranging from a $10.99 cheeseburger to a $24.99 New York strip steak. Twin Peaks beverage
offerings cover a similar diversity of price points. Twin Peaks spirit selection includes affordable and familiar brands along
with rare, more premium selections, allowing it to cater to a wide variety of tastes. Twin Peaks also offers a multitude of game day,
lunch, happy hour and holiday specials across both its food and beverage items, which provides guests with exceptional value while promoting
specific menu items. We believe that Twin Peaks compelling entry-level price points drive its strong customer traffic momentum,
while its selection of more premium food and beverage items cater to guests looking for higher-end options. We believe that Twin Peaks
extensive menu offerings and diverse range of price points appeal to a broad range of consumers across various ages and incomes, who
are also similarly attracted to Twin Peaks focus on quality food, premium beverages, consistent innovation, and engaging hospitality.
During fiscal year 2023, Twin Peaks per person average check (which we refer to as PPA) was approximately $22.18.

Revenue
Maximizing Dynamic Menu and Pricing Capabilities

Menus
at our Twin Peaks restaurants are completely digital and accessible by QR code, although guests can be provided with paper printouts
of daily specials when needed. Twin Peaks digital menus allow us to implement menu engineering, where we have the ability to move
items around the menu in order to promote higher-margin products and respond in real time to cost changes related to commodity price
movements or inventory levels by focusing on specific items. We are also able to quickly implement selective price adjustments. Dynamic
menus enable us to curate our menus by restaurant when needed, which is especially critical for franchisees operating in states with
higher labor costs, who may charge slightly higher prices in order to generate sufficient margins.

Broad
Daypart Appeal across Multiple Dining Occasions

Twin
Peaks diverse menu offerings, compelling value proposition, and welcoming lodge environment create broad appeal across multiple
dayparts and guest occasions. Twin Peaks extensive food and beverage options appeal to guests at all times of the day, driving
traffic and sales volumes across lunch, dinner and late night periods. Twin Peaks menus feature dedicated lunch specials, providing
professionals seeking a respite from the office, or sports fans looking to catch a daytime game, with an engaging lunchtime experience.
We continue to grow Twin Peaks seasonal brunch menu, which is particularly geared to early start time sports. Twin Peaks
happy hour deals attract after-work crowds with daily specials across its food and beverage categories. We believe that Twin Peaks
expansive television packages and breadth of elevated food and beverage offerings are particularly well-positioned for the dinner daypart,
offering guests the opportunity to enjoy prime time sports in a comfortable atmosphere. Our Twin Peaks restaurants are open as late as
2:00 am on weekends, serving guests looking to watch late night sporting events with a full menu of food and beverage offerings. We believe
that the extended hours of our Twin Peaks restaurants are another key differentiator of the Twin Peaks brand, serving guests at times
when many other restaurants are closed or offering more limited menu selections. Twin Peaks focuses on providing a welcoming and energetic
guest experience across all dayparts, which we believe creates a consistent value proposition and experience for guests.

129

High-Growth,
Asset-Light Franchisor Business Model with Compelling Franchisee Value Proposition

Our
operating model for Twin Peaks incorporates the most effective attributes of franchised restaurant concepts, while leveraging the benefits
of our company-owned Twin Peaks restaurant platforms. We benefit from the recurring and high-visibility cash flow streams driven by royalty
revenue generated from our franchised Twin Peaks restaurants. Additionally, our high-growth and high-margin company-owned Twin Peaks
restaurants allow us to directly control the in-restaurant Twin Peaks experience, selectively test new innovative menu offerings, and
obtain more direct feedback on guest experiences. Our Twin Peaks restaurants generate attractive and consistent AUVs, restaurant-level
profitability, and cash-on-cash returns while driving strong brand loyalty amongst guests. As of September 29, 2024, 81
of our Twin Peaks restaurants are franchised, which represents approximately 71% of our Twin Peaks restaurant system. Our franchisor
business model is a critical component of our financial performance, and we expect Twin Peaks franchising operations to be a key
driver of our long-term growth. We believe that Twin Peaks unit economics represent an attractive investment opportunity for both
new and existing franchisee partners, as evidenced by the growth of our franchised Twin Peaks restaurant base from 56 franchised Twin
Peaks restaurants as of December 29, 2019 to 81 franchised Twin Peaks restaurants as of September 29, 2024. Furthermore,
our franchising operations drive our profitability margins and reduce the amount of capital expenditures required to operate our business.
Our net loss margin was (7.7)% and (6.0)% for fiscal years 2022 and 2023, respectively. Our historical Adjusted EBITDA Margins of 12.6%
and 12.3% for fiscal years 2022 and 2023, respectively, illustrate the highly profitable nature of our business model.

We
believe that the strength of our franchisor business model for Twin Peaks can be best illustrated by our development pipeline for new
franchised Twin Peaks restaurants, which consisted of signed agreements for over 100 new franchised Twin Peaks restaurants as of September
29, 2024.

Experienced
Franchisee Partners

Our
ability to drive revenue and profitability growth through our franchising operations for Twin Peaks is contingent upon our ability to
select and partner with experienced and well-capitalized franchisee partners. Our current network of franchisees consists of a group
of highly experienced operators with proven support of the Twin Peaks brand. We specifically seek to partner with well-capitalized franchisee
partners who have prior experience in managing full-service restaurants or related hospitality venues. Our franchisees often have meaningful
experience as independent operators of other national dining concepts, such as Red Robin, Papa Johns and Panera. We strategically
partner with franchisees who have been vetted through our thorough selection process.

Of
our franchisees with open Twin Peaks restaurants as of September 29, 2024, each franchisee operates an average of approximately
four Twin Peaks restaurants and has been a part of our Twin Peaks restaurant system for an average of approximately seven years (based
on the number of years since a franchisee partner first executed a franchisee agreement with us). We are confident in our ability to
drive growth of our Twin Peaks restaurant base through both our existing network of franchisees as well as through new franchisee partnerships.
When signing new franchisee partners, we target an initial commitment of at least three franchised restaurants, which we believe supports
our ability to partner with well-capitalized and dedicated operators.

We
provide our franchisees with significant support from the outset of our partnership, from development and design of the Twin Peaks restaurant
to a weekly dashboard of key performance indicators in order to maximize franchisee productivity and profitability. We offer immersive
training support for franchisees opening a new Twin Peaks restaurant, as well as in-depth course curriculum to train and develop manager-level
franchisee employees. When a new franchised Twin Peaks restaurant is opened, a representative from our Twin Peaks team joins the franchisee
on site to facilitate a smooth launch. After a franchised Twin Peaks restaurant is opened, we provide franchisees with up-to-date performance
metrics, leveraging our data and technology infrastructure to support our franchisees in driving efficiencies within their restaurants.
In order to ensure optimal performance in our franchised Twin Peaks restaurants, our franchisees are required to dedicate a significant
amount of focus and personnel to the Twin Peaks brand. Each franchisee is required to have a designated principal, who functions as a
director of operations strictly for Twin Peaks restaurants. A franchisees designated principal is required to work solely on the
Twin Peaks concept.

130

Attractive
Unit Economics

We
believe that the growing popularity of the Twin Peaks restaurant experience and the efficient operating model of our Twin Peaks restaurants
translate into attractive unit-level economics at our company-owned Twin Peaks restaurants and franchised Twin Peaks restaurants. Our
Twin Peaks restaurant model has been intentionally designed to help franchisees achieve compelling AUVs, strong restaurant-level profitability
margins, and an attractive return on invested capital. During fiscal year 2023, our Twin Peaks restaurants generated an AUV of $5.4 million
across our system. During fiscal year 2023, AUVs across our company-owned Twin Peaks restaurants and franchised Twin Peaks restaurants
were $5.0 million and $5.6 million, respectively.

We
believe that the continued growth of our franchisee system for Twin Peaks reflects the attractiveness of our unit economic model and
the favorable return on investment presented by our Twin Peaks restaurants. We target payback periods of three years for our Twin Peaks
restaurants. For new builds, we leverage sale-leaseback transactions where necessary to help us achieve our targeted returns. We believe
that this payback period represents an attractive investment opportunity for franchisee partners in the full-service dining space. Furthermore,
we believe that our unit economics are a key driver of our Twin Peaks restaurant growth with our franchisee partners.

Portable
Concept with Proven Success across Various Locations and Markets

Twin
Peaks differentiated concept has proven successful across the majority of the United States. As of September 29, 2024,
there are Twin Peaks restaurants in 27 states across various regions of the country. We have generated positive Comparable Restaurant
Sales growth across our restaurant system while expanding into new markets and regions with varying population densities and characteristics.
We believe that the broad appeal of the Twin Peaks brand and Twin Peaks best-in-class guest experience have been the primary drivers
of Twin Peaks success across the country. The Twin Peaks concept has also succeeded in a variety of real estate formats and locations.
While we are flexible when evaluating new Twin Peaks restaurant locations, our preferred location type is a freestanding second-generation
restaurant building near major roadways and within retail corridors, with 150 or more available parking spaces, and in an area with a
residential population of at least 150,000 people within a five-mile radius. The flexibility of our real estate model, coupled with the
broad appeal of Twin Peaks menu offerings, pricing strategy, and in-restaurant experience, have also enabled us and our franchisee
partners to operate successful Twin Peaks restaurants in both urban and suburban areas. Accordingly, we believe that the Twin Peaks concept
is well-positioned for continued growth in both new and existing markets. On a global scale, as of September 29, 2024, one of
our franchisee partners is operating seven franchised Twin Peaks restaurants in Mexico, and has committed to develop and open an additional
25 franchised Twin Peaks restaurants in Mexico. Twin Peaks existing presence, and continued growth, in Mexico demonstrate the
brands international portability and potential outside the United States.

Data
as of September 29, 2024.

131

Differentiated
Real Estate Strategy and Proven Conversion Capabilities

To
date, we have executed on our differentiated real estate strategy to build out our Twin Peaks system of restaurants throughout the United
States and Mexico. We have demonstrated an ability to successfully convert existing buildings to Twin Peaks restaurants. Approximately
91 of our 114 Twin Peaks restaurants (or approximately 80%) were successfully converted from various forms of existing
buildings. Our conversions on average cost between approximately $2.0 million to $5.0 million per Twin Peaks restaurant and take approximately
nine months to complete. Our new-builds on average cost between approximately $4.0 million and $6.0 million per Twin Peaks restaurant
and take up to 18 months to complete. We believe that our ability to simultaneously evaluate conversions and new-builds for new Twin
Peaks restaurant openings, combined with the support we provide to franchisees in selecting sites for new Twin Peaks restaurant development,
are key differentiators of our business model. We believe that we are able to select the best possible real estate for a new Twin Peaks
restaurant, allowing us to open new restaurants in the most attractive locations available. Given our asset-light business model, we
do not seek to own significant amounts of real estate, however, when developing a new Twin Peaks restaurant, we may acquire a plot of
land or an existing building. In order to minimize the amount of committed capital for each new Twin Peaks restaurant, we may engage
in sale-leaseback transactions with third-party investors.

We
believe that the planned conversion of Smokey Bones restaurants to Twin Peaks restaurants will catalyze our near-term unit growth. Over
the next two years, we plan to work with our Twin Peaks franchisee partners to convert certain Smokey Bones restaurants that are within
their existing development territories into Twin Peaks restaurants, with these restaurants being operated by such franchisees. Furthermore,
we plan to convert additional Smokey Bones restaurants to company-owned Twin Peaks restaurants. For additional information regarding
our planned conversions of Smokey Bones restaurants, see Twin Peaks: The Ultimate Sports Lodge Conversions of
Smokey Bones Restaurants into Twin Peaks restaurants above.

Twin
Peaks Menu

Menu
overview

We
believe that Twin Peaks made-from-scratch dishes with fresh, never frozen ingredients set Twin Peaks apart from its competitors.
Twin Peaks offers a wide range of options which cater to different tastes and preferences while never sacrificing quality. Guests can
choose from a multitude of cuisines, from fresh salads to savory American staples. With enticing burgers, wings, flatbreads and more,
Twin Peaks menu offers a variety of options for its guests.

132

Composition
of Twin Peaks Culinary Team

Our
Twin Peaks culinary team consists of three segments: corporate level, our Food & Beverage Committee, and restaurant level. At the
corporate level, the team is led by our Director of Culinary, Beverage and Menu Innovation and our Vice President of Supply Chain (Food
& Beverage). The menu development and strategy we conduct at the corporate level is connected to the restaurant level by our Food
& Beverage Committee, which consists of select franchisees and stakeholders who deliberate on menu innovation and test new menu items
before they are launched. At the restaurant level, there are robust teams in place that are led by Master Trainers and
Red Hat certified team members.

Innovation
Process

Twin
Peaks innovation process begins at our support center, where our Twin Peaks team develops scratch-made food and hand-crafted beverage
innovations. We conduct rigorous product trials and use technology to gather the data needed to evaluate new menu items. Our Food &
Beverage Committee further evaluates new Twin Peaks menu offerings prior to launch, after which the restaurant-level teams provide real-time
feedback from our Twin Peaks restaurants. Through multi-restaurant testing, we are able to effectively evaluate operational execution,
customer feedback, and customer intent to purchase.

We
believe that the Twin Peaks menu is at the core of what makes Twin Peaks a favored sports lodge with fans. We strive to continuously
innovate across Twin Peaks menu in order to provide guests with a diverse range of food and beverage options. We supplement our
rigorous innovation process with an in-depth menu item development review plan. We begin with a marketplace review designed to identify
clear objectives to address specific consumer preferences. We then develop, screen and test potential menu items around target customer
demographics, brand fit, and preliminary costing and pricing considerations. Finally, we develop a strategy to launch the new menu item
across our Twin Peaks restaurants, including the development of an optimal marketing strategy. Following the launch of a new menu item,
we actively track sales to evaluate the results and its resonance with guests.

We
believe that Twin Peaks focus on gastropub-style comfort food with forward-looking and exciting menu items drives broad guest
appeal across dayparts and occasions. Whether visiting for a quick time-out or for an entire sporting event, we believe that Twin Peaks
innovative platform enhances the overall experience of guests.

Digital
Menus

We
have adopted digital menus utilizing QR codes at all of our Twin Peaks restaurants. These digital menus are updated in-house by our marketing
team members, who have the ability to access support from our digital menu provider as needed. Updates to our digital menus are made
both manually and via upload, and range from simple, single-item price modifications to more complex, comprehensive rollouts of new items
and prices. Twin Peaks also offers a printed food menu that is available at all of our Twin Peaks restaurants for guests who are unable
to access the menus digitally, as well as for regularly updated daily specials and select discounts.

Our
Twin Peaks Restaurants

Summary
of Existing Properties

As
of September 29, 2024, we operated 33 company-owned Twin Peaks restaurants and our franchisees operated 81 franchised
Twin Peaks restaurants across 27 states throughout the United States and Mexico. Additionally, as of September 29, 2024, we had
a pipeline of commitments to open over 100 new franchised Twin Peaks restaurants. In general, all of our Twin Peaks restaurants are leased.
While we may temporarily own some real estate for a limited number of properties, our goal is to lease all of our company-owned Twin
Peaks restaurants.

133

Restaurant
Design and Format

We
build our Twin Peaks restaurants to make guests feel like they are at the center of the game. We believe that creating a fan-first, lodge-style
environment to deliver an immersive sports viewing experience differentiates Twin Peaks from its competitors. We strive to transport
guests in our Twin Peaks lodge-style restaurants with wall-to-wall televisions for virtually every game, match, fight and race. We believe
that Twin Peaks rugged lodge-style restaurants create a unique sports viewing and dining experience, where stone and rustic timber
create a quintessential cabin environment punctuated by a fire pit on the patio, hunting trophies on the walls, and the welcoming and
engaging nature of our waitstaff.

Site
Selection Process

Our
site selection process for our Twin Peaks restaurants is designed to identify ideal locations where we can provide a truly memorable
experience for guests, while ensuring our Twin Peaks restaurants perform to our standards. Our Twin Peaks team utilizes a detailed, data-driven
approach to ensure sites meet our qualification requirements and adhere to our built to last mantra. Our Twin Peaks team
actively pursues sites in markets that match our targeted set of demographics, population density, and other characteristics.

We
target trade areas that allow for the development of free-standing buildings with outdoor space, easy accessibility, and high visibility
near other consumer traffic drivers, such as retail corridors, sports and entertainment venues, colleges and universities, and business
districts. We also consider various other site-specific factors, including traffic patterns and destination attractions. Given the size
requirements for our Twin Peaks restaurants, the majority of them are free-standing locations.

Our
current domestic Twin Peaks restaurants average over 7,800 square feet. For new restaurant openings, we typically target restaurant spaces
with 6,000-8,000 square feet, and over 150 parking spaces. Current international Twin Peaks restaurant locations in Mexico have a smaller
footprint averaging approximately 6,000 square feet. We require ample parking spaces for our Twin Peaks restaurants, as vehicle accessibility
is necessary for customer traffic. We typically seek corner locations with easy access and high visibility along major freeways and retail
corridors. If built from the ground up, our domestic prototype Twin Peaks restaurant is approximately 6,500 square feet, plus room for
an outdoor patio that is approximately 2,100 square feet. We target areas with heavy daytime populations, mid-grade business hotels,
upscale apartments, and a strong work base, such as a central business district. We also look for areas with above-average happy hour
income for the market. Our ideal demographic composite includes a population of at least 150,000 people within a five-mile radius, a
daytime population of 150,000 people or more, a daytime working population of at least 100,000 people, and an average household income
of $75,000 or greater.

Construction
and Opening Process

The
development, construction and opening of a typical Twin Peaks restaurant generally can take from nine months in the case of a conversion
of an existing site, to up to 18 months for a new build. We use a variety of general contractors on a regional basis, and employ a mixed
approach of bidding, direct purchasing, and strategic negotiation to ensure the best value and highest quality construction. We generally
utilize ground leases and typically receive landlord development allowances and/or rent credits for leasehold improvements. We aim to
constantly optimize our buildout costs through value-focused back-of-house, front-of-house construction management, and by brokering
deals with our landlords to reduce our net capital costs without compromising the guest experience. Upon completion of construction or
conversion of a Twin Peaks restaurant, our team works to ensure an efficient and well-executed opening process with management development
programs, employee training, and support for both company-owned Twin Peaks restaurants and franchised Twin Peaks restaurants.

134

Initial
investment costs for our Twin Peaks restaurants vary significantly depending on the type of restaurant (conversion of an existing site
or new build). Based on our past experience, and as set forth in Twin Peaks 2023 Franchise Disclosure Document, we expect that
our franchisees will incur initial investment costs of $2.0 million to $5.0 million in connection with a conversion of an existing site,
and $4.0 million to $6.0 million in connection with a new build Twin Peaks restaurant. In connection with openings of new company-owned
Twin Peaks restaurants, we typically target initial investment costs of $4.0 million for a conversion of an existing site and $6.0 million
for a new build-out.

Our
Twin Peaks Team

Structure
of Operations Team

We
have intentionally structured the Twin Peaks operations team to support our full system of company-owned Twin Peaks restaurants and franchised
Twin Peaks restaurants. The Twin Peaks operations team is led by our Chief Operating Officer and our Vice President of Operations, who
in turn oversee four Regional Vice Presidents. These Regional Vice Presidents are each responsible for company-owned Twin Peaks restaurants
and franchised Twin Peaks restaurants across different territories. Each Regional Vice President oversees one or more Director of Operations
or Area Director team members. A Director of Operations covers a minimum of three company-owned Twin Peaks restaurants and up to 10 franchised
Twin Peaks restaurants, while an Area Director oversees, and participates in, the operations of two to three company-owned Twin Peaks
restaurants. All director-level personnel are responsible for managing their own financial performance, staffing, and facility needs.

Each
of our Twin Peaks franchisee partners appoints a Designated Principal who serves as the leader of such franchisees operations
team, and who acts as the liaison between the franchisee and our corporate teams. These Designated Principals oversee all planning, organization
and control of activities for their franchise groups, including development of management teams, execution of brand standards, attendance
at all franchise-related conferences, and related responsibilities. By requiring each Designated Principal to be fully dedicated to the
Twin Peaks brand, we are able to ensure that each franchisee partner is fully aligned with respect to the efficient management of Twin
Peaks restaurants and the hiring of appropriate team members to support these operations.

Training
and Leadership Development

We
emphasize continuous investment in our team members by ensuring that they have access to the right training and development programs
to succeed. We leverage a state-of-the-art e-learning system designed to educate team members at both our company-owned Twin Peaks restaurants
and franchised Twin Peaks restaurants. All managers and new franchisee partners participate in this virtual training program. Franchisees
are able to leverage our online Peaks Point system to monitor training and development. We also provide in-depth course
curriculum to advance the development of our employees. These training programs vary in duration and content depending on the employee
level. For example, Designated Principals and Manager candidates participate in our nine to 11-week Manager-in-Training program, whereas
a Shift Lead will participate in a two-week program with the General Manager. We believe that this education and development is a crucial
element of the Twin Peaks brand and culture, allowing us and our franchisees to drive efficient operations in each of our Twin Peaks
restaurants while supporting our team members in developing effective leadership and operational capabilities.

We
also conduct hands-on, pre-opening training support for all new Twin Peaks restaurant openings across all markets. We provide a designated
New Store Opening Manager for each new Twin Peaks restaurant opening, who is responsible for leading the locations training team
and guiding restaurant managers in utilizing our relevant brand systems and tools. This program promotes sufficient training of restaurant
managers to ensure proper leadership and oversight at new Twin Peaks restaurants. We also provide front of house and heart of
house coordinators to guide training programs and evaluate performance through opening. In total, we provide approximately 27
trainers for each new Twin Peaks restaurant opening. During the weekend prior to a new restaurants soft opening, such restaurant
conducts a Friends & Family weekend to give teams the opportunity to experience a full restaurant with high order volumes
in a lower-risk environment. Both before and after a restaurant opens, a Director of Operations conducts regular visits to provide ongoing
training and support. Our intensive hands-on support, which we provide at both new company-owned Twin Peaks restaurants and franchised
Twin Peaks restaurants, ensures that our teams and franchisees are equipped to provide consistent dining experiences to all guests.

135

We
believe that promoting internally allows us to provide substantial career advancement opportunities to our team members while enabling
us to capitalize on their in-house operational expertise. We have intentionally structured our Twin Peaks operations platform to encourage
our employees to pursue a career trajectory that allows them to work upwards from waitstaff or kitchen team member to a managerial role.
For example, our Shift Leads are exclusively promoted from within. We believe that the visibility into long-term career advancement that
we offer to our employees is critical in both attracting and maintaining quality talent. For example, in 2023, more than 25 of Twin Peaks
restaurant manager-level employees were promoted from within.

The
graphic below outlines the upward career trajectory that we offer to our employees at our Twin Peaks restaurants.

Franchisee
Relationships

Our
franchise agreements for our Twin Peaks restaurants typically grant our franchisees the right to operate for an initial term of 15 years,
with an additional renewal term of 15 years, subject to various conditions that include upgrades to the location and maintenance of the
applicable brand image. All franchise agreements grant licenses to use the Twin Peaks trademarks, trade secrets, and proprietary methods,
recipes and procedures. Our obligations under a franchise agreement include providing an initial training program, grand opening support,
inspection of the restaurant, consultation in connection with operations, management services, the development of advertising materials,
assistance in local marketing, and other ongoing advice and support. The initial franchise cost for a Twin Peaks location is $50,000,
and each additional location requires a development fee of 50% of the initial franchise fee. Our franchisees are required to pay royalties
of 5.0% of gross sales. Additionally, our Twin Peaks franchisees are required to contribute 2.5% of their gross sales to the Twin Peaks
National Marketing Fund, which creates a pooled fund for the creation of marketing and advertising materials to support the Twin Peaks
brand on both national and local scales. Our franchisees are required to purchase certain equipment, supplies, and inventory from one
or more of our affiliates or approved suppliers to ensure quality and maintain our strict standards.

136

We
have at times entered into development agreements with franchisee partners that provide for planned assigned areas of restaurant development
on a multi-restaurant, multi-year basis. The terms of such development agreements can vary, based on the number of restaurants contemplated.
For example, a typical development agreement for the development of five Twin Peaks restaurants may allow for 18 months to open the first
restaurant, and 12 months thereafter for subsequent restaurants. These development agreements generally vary for each franchisee partner,
and we may grant rights to develop a larger number of restaurants more quickly or may shorten the time allowed for development. The development
fee paid by a franchisee partner under a development agreement is typically $50,000 for the first restaurant, and $25,000 for each additional
restaurant commitment. This development fee is deductible against the franchise fee for each Twin Peaks restaurant developed under the
development agreement.

We
maintain programs to monitor and evaluate the adherence of our franchised Twin Peaks restaurants to our quality, service, and cleanliness
standards. In addition to our hands-on training and assistance, we regularly provide franchisee reviews, monthly development calls, quarterly
franchise meetings, and access to our following franchise committees: marketing, food and beverage, development, operations/training,
and franchise business council.

We
believe that our franchise model for our franchised Twin Peaks restaurants positions us for continued growth over the long term in both
domestic and international markets. We believe that we will continue to generate franchisee demand for the Twin Peaks brand from both
existing and new franchisee partners, driven by compelling unit economics and strong investment returns. As Twin Peaks grows, we are
targeting to have approximately 75% of our Twin Peaks restaurants be franchised Twin Peaks restaurants. Franchising will also be a core
component of our international expansion strategy for the Twin Peaks brand. We believe that we have an opportunity for future growth
in Mexico with our existing franchisee partner who operates seven Twin Peaks restaurants in Mexico as of September 29, 2024, as
well as in other markets across Europe, Asia, Central and South America, Canada, Africa, and Australia.

Marketing
Strategy for the Twin Peaks Brand

We
leverage a variety of marketing and advertising efforts specifically designed to promote the core attributes of the Twin Peaks brand.
All content is thoughtfully designed to showcase Twin Peaks food and beverage quality, engaging dining experience, and welcoming
restaurant environment. Our marketing strategy focuses on offering guests new, authentic and exciting ways to engage and interact with
the Twin Peaks brand. Marketing initiatives typically revolve around four key components:

Annual
Marketing Calendar. Defined marketing programs developed for the year ahead.

Local
Media Strategy Team. Our marketing team works closely with our franchisee partners to strategize on and purchase local media.

Public
Relations Team. National and local public relations teams focused on new store openings, local exposure, and press releases
and other publicity.

Social
Media Support. Our social media accounts focus on promoting event-specific and general Twin Peaks content.

Our
Twin Peaks restaurants provide an event-driven dining experience, and as such, in-restaurant events are a core component of Twin Peaks
marketing strategy. We leverage a full marketing calendar throughout the year, which we share with our Twin Peaks franchisees on a monthly
basis, in order to drive customer traffic and unique visit occasions amongst guests. Some of these promotions capitalize on major sporting
events, such as a pay-per-view boxing match. Other promotions are intentionally scheduled around months with fewer sporting events in
order to drive customer traffic during periods of lower volume. Additionally, we curate in-restaurant events around holidays and other
special occasions, including St. Patricks Day, Valentines Day, Cinco de Mayo, Black Friday, Veterans Day, National
Pickle Day, the anniversary of the end of Prohibition and others, which we believe offers guests unique in-restaurant experiences and
drives innovative ways to engage with the Twin Peaks brand. We leverage social media, digital marketing and in-store content to build
awareness and excitement around these events.

137

We
have established the Twin Peaks National Marketing Fund, which is funded by contributions from both company-owned Twin Peaks restaurants
and franchised Twin Peaks restaurants. All franchised Twin Peaks restaurants are required to contribute 2.5% of their gross sales to
the Twin Peaks National Marketing Fund, and our company-owned Twin Peaks restaurants currently contribute this amount to the Twin Peaks
National Marketing Fund as well. We maintain full control over the use of the funds in the Twin Peaks National Marketing Fund. We look
to spend a portion of such funds on planning, creative, production and management expenses, including strategic annual planning, website
maintenance, menu management, uniform and merchandise management, and other related activities for the Twin Peaks brand. The balance
of the Twin Peaks National Marketing Fund is spent on local marketing initiatives, which include both onsite and offsite events, menu
specials, promotional papers, sponsorships, search engine optimization, and digital and printed materials for Twin Peaks restaurants.
Local marketing is especially critical for new Twin Peaks restaurant openings by helping it cultivate awareness and visibility of the
Twin Peaks brand in both new and existing markets. We collaborate with our Twin Peaks franchisee partners to optimize local marketing
efforts, with our team working closely with franchisees to buy local media and maximize its impact with local customer bases. In addition
to the contributions to the Twin Peaks National Marketing Fund, all franchised Twin Peaks restaurants are also required to spend 0.5%
of their gross sales directly on local marketing initiatives. All local marketing and related creative content must be approved by our
corporate team prior to use. To help support these efforts, we maintain a digital creative library featuring marketing assets, how-to
toolkits, and other relevant content. Additionally, our public relations team functions both nationally and regionally to drive local
exposure and awareness for new Twin Peaks restaurant openings.

Twin
Peaks maintains an active brand presence on key social media platforms, with over 3.8 million followers across national and local
channels (including accounts managed by our franchisee partners) as of September 29, 2024. At the corporate level, we maintain
active accounts for the Twin Peaks brand across Facebook, Instagram, TikTok, X, and Threads. Our marketing team manages all activity
across our corporate accounts. Our corporate Twin Peaks TikTok account has quickly grown exceptionally, as since launching the account
in the summer of 2022, we have grown our audience to over 307,000 followers as of September 29, 2024. Additionally, each
of our Twin Peaks restaurants also has individual Facebook and Instagram accounts that are run at the local level, with our internal
marketing teams monitoring and advising on content. Our marketing team works closely with a creative agency to develop a full social
media calendar each month. For example, social media posts from our corporate Twin Peaks accounts focus on a variety of content, including
costume parties, promotions, major sporting events, national holidays, food and beverage highlights, and our waitstaff. Our franchisee
partners have access to this content and calendar and are encouraged to utilize our imagery and messaging in combination with their own
local content. We monitor the performance of our social media accounts on a monthly basis by tracking follower count and engagement through
a dedicated social media software tool, which allows us to measure content performance across channels and gain a clear picture of the
type of content that is resonating with our audience.

We
utilize marketing technology to provide each of our Twin Peaks restaurants with digital platforms to manage their marketing initiatives
and customer bases. We leverage Fishbowl to manage customer relationships and drive our email marketing efforts, which includes a weekly
newsletter distributed to our subscriber list to inform them of upcoming Twin Peaks events and promotions. Our internal marketing team
facilitates and manages all messaging for national content as well as local and individual promotions. We encourage our franchisees to
tailor messaging as needed to suit their specific purposes for email marketing.

Smokey
Bones: The Masters of Meat

Smokey
Bones is a full-service, meat-centric restaurant brand and concept specializing in award-winning ribs and a variety of other slow-smoked,
fire-grilled, or seared meats, along with a full bar featuring a wide selection of domestic, import and local craft beers, a variety
of spirits, and several signature handcrafted cocktails. Smokey Bones serves dine-in guests for lunch, dinner, and late night, and offers
pick-up, delivery, online ordering, and catering options. Smokey Bones was founded in 1999 as a growth concept, and in 2019, the brand
was strategically repositioned to create more dining occasions while simplifying and streamlining operations.

138

As
experts of authentic fire-grilled and house-smoked meats, Smokey Bones is passionate about serving meat lovers and dining adventurists
a deep variety of bold, fire-inspired signature and classic menu offerings. Smokey Bones serves premium quality cuts of a variety of
meats, expertly prepared with traditional and global flavors, in a relaxed, but elevated casual dining atmosphere. Smokey Bones appeals
to a broad range of guests, ranging from young families to retired couples, and its well-diversified channel and day of the week mix
demonstrates that Smokey Bones is a favorite dining choice in the markets where our Smokey Bones restaurants are located.

Smokey
Bones successful brand re-positioning in 2019 quickly gained resonance with core consumer demographics, and from 2019 to 2023,
guest frequency and guest satisfaction increased by 14% and 8%, respectively. Additionally, in 2019, several technology investments were
implemented to streamline operations and improve the guest experience. Smokey Bones online ordering system streamlined online
user interface with an intuitive, accessible ordering experience, and Smokey Bones implemented geofencing technology, which alerts restaurants
when customers are nearby for order pickups or can be used to prompt customers to place new orders when theyre close to a Smokey
Bones location.

Smokey
Bones Track Record of Growth

Smokey
Bones was founded in 1999 with the opening of its first restaurant in Florida, and over the past 25 years has grown to 58 restaurants
in 16 states in the eastern United States. We believe that the Smokey Bones brand has cemented itself as a key mid-size player in the
casual dining space. From fiscal year 2019 to fiscal year 2023, Smokey Bones revenue has increased from $149.1 million to $172.3
million, representing a CAGR of 3.7%, and Smokey Bones AUVs have grown from $2.5 million to $2.8 million, representing a CAGR
of 2.9%.

139

Our
Smokey Bones Restaurants

Smokey
Bones Menu is Streamlined for Operational Efficiency

Smokey
Bones uniquely meat-driven menu offers diners a range of protein options, ranging from traditional barbecue dishes like our award-winning
Baby Back ribs and create-your-own combos, to steaks, seafood, burgers, wings and shareable samplers. Each Smokey Bones restaurant has
high-capacity smokers, and Smokey Bones smokes all of its meats in-house, daily.

Smokey
Bones broad menu consists of scratch-made offerings, but recipes are created with ease of execution and operational efficiency
in mind. Smokey Bones has recently undergone a menu rationalization initiative in order to simplify and streamline its menu, which will
reduce complexity for the kitchen while prioritizing items with highest guest preference and the most favorable margins. This initiative
reduced Smokey Bones core menu from 12 pages to six, and minimized single-use SKUs.

Along
with in-house smokers and meat expertise, Smokey Bones beverage program is a key differentiator. Smokey Bones alcohol sales,
which represent 18% of its dine-in business, exceed the typical sales mix in a casual dining restaurant, largely due to Smokey Bones
focus on specialty cocktails and a locally-relevant beer selection.

Restaurant
Design and Format

The
original Smokey Bones restaurant design incorporated a homey, log cabin aesthetic, and while the concept has evolved over time and many
of the original restaurants have been remodeled, Smokey Bones has retained many of the elements that create a familiar and inviting environment
for guests, such as dark wood, fireplaces and smoke and flame visuals. Our Smokey Bones restaurants feature a large central bar that
is both a focal point and gathering spot, and are outfitted with numerous televisions throughout the bar and dining areas. Our Smokey
Bones restaurants have open floorplans and incorporate flexible seating arrangements to easily facilitate large parties and special events,
and some locations also feature outdoor patios. Newer Smokey Bones restaurants have dedicated take-out areas to support the increased
off-premise business.

Our
Growth Strategies

Grow
Our Twin Peaks Restaurant Base in the United States and Abroad

We
are in the early stages of fulfilling our total restaurant potential. We have a long track record of successful development of new restaurants
and a versatile real estate model that is built for growth. Based on our internal analysis and third-party research conducted by eSite
Analytics, we believe that there exists long-term potential for over 650 Twin Peaks restaurants in the United States. Additionally, based
on our internal analysis of the international footprints of other relevant restaurant concepts, we believe that the Twin Peaks brand
has the potential for a total of 250 additional restaurants internationally. We believe that the Twin Peaks brand and concept have proven
portability, with strong AUVs and returns on investment across a diverse range of geographic regions, population densities, and real
estate settings.

140

Grow
Number of Domestic and International Franchised Twin Peaks Restaurants with Existing and New Franchisees. We are aiming to
achieve our domestic restaurant potential by expanding in both existing and new markets. As of September 29, 2024, we have
an extensive domestic development pipeline of over 100 total commitments to open new franchised Twin Peaks restaurants. Our current
plan for franchised Twin Peaks restaurant openings in 2024 targets approximately six new franchised Twin Peaks restaurants,
five of which were opened during the first three quarters of 2024. Some of these planned new franchised Twin Peaks
restaurants will be conversions of current Smokey Bones restaurants into franchised Twin Peaks restaurants (see Twin
Peaks: The Ultimate Sports LodgeConversions of Smokey Bones Restaurants into Twin Peaks Restaurants above). Approximately
73% of our current franchise commitments for Twin Peaks restaurants are from existing franchisee partners with at least one
Twin Peaks restaurant currently in operation, which we believe is due to the attractiveness of the Twin Peaks concept, our restaurant
business model, as well as our positive franchisee relationships. We believe that our highly franchised business model provides a
platform for continued growth, as it allows us to focus on our core strengths of menu innovation, guest engagement, marketing, and
franchisee selection and support, while growing our restaurant presence and Twin Peaks brand recognition with limited capital investment
by us. We also believe that international growth presents a significant opportunity. We believe that, in addition to continued growth
of the Twin Peaks brand in Mexico, there is an opportunity to expand the Twin Peaks brand to Europe, Asia, Central and South America,
Canada, Africa, and Australia.

Strategically
Grow Company-Owned Twin Peaks Restaurants. As of September 29, 2024, we are currently aiming to open a total of nine
potential company-owned Twin Peaks restaurants within the next two years, some of which will be planned conversions of current Smokey
Bones restaurants into company-owned Twin Peaks restaurants (see Twin Peaks: The Ultimate Sports LodgeConversions
of Smokey Bones Restaurants into Twin Peaks restaurants above).

Continue
to Grow Comparable Restaurant Sales

Food
& Beverage Innovation. We seek to introduce innovative food and bar menu items that we believe align with evolving guest
preferences and broaden the appeal of our brands, and we will continue to explore menu offerings that aim to increase guest visits.
For example, in order to drive guest frequency and broaden the appeal of the menu at our Twin Peaks restaurants, we recently added
new, on-trend categories to the food menu, such as street tacos, flatbreads, and unique flavor changes to the wing sauces. Additionally,
we consistently modify and advance our bar menu to best serve a broad range of guests. Our team has exhibited a proven track record
of food and beverage innovation, which we believe can be leveraged to further drive Comparable Restaurant Sales growth.

Expand
Daypart Offerings. We believe that we have a significant opportunity to capitalize on underpenetrated daypart opportunities.
For example, we continue to drive growth at our Twin Peaks restaurants with our seasonal brunch menu (focused around early start
time sports), and at both our Twin Peaks restaurants and Smokey Bones restaurants we offer competitively priced lunch combo selections
and happy hour food and beverage selections. Our happy hour specials focus on both the traditional happy hour daypart to drive guest
count during periods of lower traffic, along with a late-night happy hour program to ensure that we are maximizing our sales and
profit opportunities through the close of business each night.

141

Expanded
Product Offerings. We have a strong PPA, at approximately $22.18 for Twin Peaks restaurants, and approximately $23.74 for
Smokey Bones restaurants, during fiscal year 2023. We continually look to find innovative new product offerings to retain and attract
customers and to grow the PPA at our restaurants. For example, our Twin Peaks restaurants have unique PPA sales drivers beyond traditional
appetizers and desserts, such as cigars and limited-time spirit offerings, including rare bourbon, whiskey and tequila barrel selections,
which add to aggregate check amounts and may drive restaurant visits for unique occasions. We also have ancillary buildouts that
we have implemented, and are continuing to explore, in select Twin Peaks restaurants, such as a Cigar Bar, a Speakeasy, a Top Golf
Swing Suite, and additional Man Cave seating for large parties.

Increase
Awareness of our Brands

We
believe that the strong consumer sentiment scores for both the Twin Peaks and Smokey Bones brands highlight the strength of our concepts
and their resonance with guests. We believe that we have a significant opportunity to leverage our favorable perception to expand the
visibility and awareness of our brands. Each new restaurant we open increases awareness of the particular brand and enables us to reach
more guests. In addition, we will continue to invest in marketing and advertising to drive guest frequency and overall visibility of
our brands. We introduce new marketing strategies through various channels, including social media, online, print, digital advertising
and radio, with the intent to drive broad awareness of our brands and customer traffic to our restaurants. We will also continue to harness
local marketing initiatives by developing media and marketing programs unique to a restaurants specific market, and by working
closely with our franchisees to maximize the effectiveness of these efforts. Simultaneously, we will continue to grow our digital presence
via social media and email marketing initiatives. For example, the waitstaff at our Twin Peaks restaurants often command large social
media followings across various platforms, which we believe provides a positive halo effect for the Twin Peaks brand, and drives additional
customer traffic to our Twin Peaks restaurants. We intend to drive repeat customer traffic in our restaurants by becoming our guests
preferred sports bar destination, and we believe that investments in targeted marketing initiatives that heighten this message and reinforce
our authenticity will continue to generate guest loyalty and promote brand advocacy.

Additionally,
Twin Peaks has established a national marketing fund (which we refer to as the Twin Peaks National Marketing Fund), which
is funded by contributions from both company-owned Twin Peaks restaurants and franchised Twin Peaks restaurants. All franchised Twin
Peaks restaurants are required to contribute 2.5% of gross sales to the Twin Peaks National Marketing Fund, and our company-owned Twin
Peaks restaurants currently also contribute this amount to the Twin Peaks National Marketing Fund as well. The Twin Peaks National Marketing
Fund has grown significantly in recent years as we have expanded our Twin Peaks restaurant footprint. Excluding rebates, annual collections
in the Twin Peaks National Marketing fund have grown by over 55% since 2019, with over $13 million collected in 2023. The growth of the
Twin Peaks National Marketing Fund allows us to aggressively grow the awareness of the Twin Peaks brand on both the national and local
scale, and we plan to continue leveraging this fund as our Twin Peaks restaurant system expands. We believe that the Twin Peaks National
Marketing Fund will continue to be critical in generating awareness and excitement around new Twin Peaks restaurant openings, as well
as driving System-Wide Sales growth across our restaurant system. We typically budget a portion of the Twin Peaks National Marketing
Fund to local media and marketing efforts, with the balance spent on a range of other marketing and advertising initiatives, such as
creative, production, website maintenance, and other activities.

Expand
Margins through Operating Leverage

Over
the last several years, we have invested in our corporate infrastructure to successfully support both our franchisees and company-owned
restaurants. Key areas of recent investment include innovative menu items, technology infrastructure, senior leadership, and other categories.
We believe that these investments will allow us to continue to drive operational efficiency across our business. We aim to leverage our
corporate cost base over time to enhance our margins, as we believe selling, general and administrative expenses will grow at a slower
rate than our restaurant base and revenue. By continuing to optimize our infrastructure and leveraging our scale efficiencies, we can
further enhance our profitability as we grow.

142

Continue
to Attract and Develop Great People

We
have an uncompromising focus on providing an unparalleled guest experience, which we believe starts with our employees. We and our franchisees
continually invest in our teams by employing passionate individuals who exemplify our brands at every level, from waitstaff to kitchen
staff to restaurant management. We aim to develop our employees by having comprehensive internal training and career advancement programs,
which result in a highly competent, empowered and well-compensated work force. We strive to maintain a work-place culture of respect,
inclusivity and support, ensuring that all employees are passionate about our shared goal of delivering an unmatched dining experience
and continuing to grow our respective brands. We believe that our focus on appropriately training and mentoring our team members and
inspiring them to focus on delivering a best-in-class guest experience translates directly into efficient restaurant-level operations,
as well as industry-leading guest satisfaction scores and return rates.

Explore
Acquisition of Complementary Brands

We
have developed a successful playbook spanning operations, training and marketing programs. We believe that other brands could benefit
by leveraging our robust and established infrastructure, and we are well-positioned to acquire complementary regional brands to further
expand our platform.

Experienced
Leadership Team 

We
are led by a strong senior management team with a combined eight decades of experience in the full-service dining sector and franchising
industry. Our strategic vision is set by our Chief Executive Officer, Joseph Hummel, who has more than 25 years of industry experience.
Our leadership team understands our unique segment of the restaurant industry and brings years of relevant experience leading our business
to attain profitable and effective operational objectives. Our leadership team is the most important driver of our success and has positioned
us well for long-term growth. We believe that our track record of success and expansion, combined with our internal platform for career
development and advancement opportunities available to all employees, will allow us to continue to attract and retain exceptional talent.

Team
and Culture

Our
Values

Our
employees are fundamental to our business and function as the primary driver of our success. Our team culture revolves around six foundational
guiding principles that we strive for every day:

Respect.
We treat others as we expect to be treated, and we do the right thing.

Excellence.
We surpass ordinary standards. We execute at the highest level.

Expertise.
We are knowledgeable, highly skilled masters of our craft. We are known for best-in-class
systems and tools used to operate and grow our brands.

Hospitality.
We are passionate about every guest experience. Our recipe for hospitality success is generosity,
enthusiasm, and a do it now attitude.

Adventurous.
We take risks, and we try new things that separate us from the norm. We know how to have
fun while doing it.

Loyalty.
We are loyal to one another and to our brands. We function as one team.

Guided
by these principles, our team is inspired to deliver unmatched hospitality throughout our restaurants. We believe that our employees
operate as one team, with mutual respect and loyalty to one another and to our brands. Furthermore, we believe that our passion for our
mission motivates our franchisees to provide the same degree of service and dedication that we offer in each of our company-owned restaurants.

143

We
strive to maintain a workplace culture where our team members are proud to work and are motivated by a common goal of providing our guests
with an engaging dining experience. As such, we have been successful in attracting outstanding employees who are passionate about our
brands. We offer competitive compensation and benefits, as well as bonus programs for manager-level employees. Simultaneously, we invest
in programs to promote employee leadership and development, offering all team members opportunities to advance their careers with us.
We foster a culture of support and empowerment, and have a focus on enabling our female team members to advance within our corporate
structure. For example, our Vice President of Marketing started with Twin Peaks as a bartender and successfully advanced up the ranks
from there, demonstrating our focus on promoting women to leadership positions.

Human
Resource Functions and Support

We
have established a full department dedicated to human resources (which we refer to as HR) and training functions. Led by
our Chief Legal Officer and our Vice President of HR / Learning and Development, our HR department ensures that all team members have
access to appropriate resources and are provided with the necessary support to execute at the highest level. We operate based on an open-door
policy, encouraging employees to contact members of our HR team with any questions or concerns they have regarding their jobs or working
environments. Within our restaurants, the safety and wellbeing of all employees is paramount. While HR departments are localized for
our franchisees, we provide all team members across our system with best practices and access to a hotline that they can call regarding
any concerns with on-the-job safety.

Corporate
Support Center

We
have developed a support center designed to provide daily support for the respective operations of our company-owned Twin Peaks and Smokey
Bones restaurants and franchised Twin Peaks restaurants. Our support center supports, among other areas of our operations, legal, HR,
recruiting, training, construction, IT, finance, accounting, and marketing. The majority of our support center employees work out of
our corporate office in Dallas, Texas.

Employee
Base

As
of September 29, 2024, we had approximately 5,700 employees, of which 63 are corporate employees supporting our
overall Company, including our Twin Peaks restaurants, 35 are corporate employees supporting our Smokey Bones restaurants, approximately
3,200 are employees working in our Twin Peaks restaurants, and approximately 2,400 are employees working in our Smokey
Bones restaurants. Our franchisee partners are independent businesses, and as such, their employees are not included in our employee
statistics.

Technology
Infrastructure

Key
Systems

All
of our restaurants use a computerized point-of-sale and back-office system, which we believe is capable of supporting our growth plans
and continuing to enhance our customer experience. Our point-of-sale system, NCR Aloha, was selected to increase operational efficiency
and order accuracy. An easy-to-use interface for our waitstaff allows our team to focus primarily on the guest experience. This point-of-sale
system utilizes a highly reliable back-end infrastructure, touch screen interface, visual order confirmation, and integration with high-speed
credit card, mobile app, and gift card processing. We also utilize various enterprise software systems to help manage our operations,
including a bar management system and other systems for optimized beverage ordering and management and managing restaurant-level financial
results. Bars at our company-owned Twin Peaks restaurants leverage specialized technology that provides real-time information regarding
inventory levels, which allows our restaurant managers to closely monitor and optimize performance and efficiency. Our financial software,
Red Onion, provides insight to all aspects of our financial performance. Many of these systems were recently upgraded to help support
our future growth plans and reduce labor needs from management. Our back-office computer systems were designed with growth and franchisee
satisfaction in mind. We believe that our recent investments in technology infrastructure and systems will support our future growth
and expansion opportunities. As we continue to implement functionality and additional system optimization, we believe that our technology
infrastructure will allow us to more closely monitor our business performance and drive efficiency across our restaurant system.

144

Data
Collection and Security

Our
platform processes a large volume of personal information, and, as a result, we are subject to numerous laws, regulations, industry standards,
and other obligations related to privacy, data protection, and data security. We carefully adhere to these requirements and standards
to ensure guest safety and trust. Our system does not collect any information that could be considered non-standard for a restaurant
and franchising company.

Jurisdictions
around the world have adopted or are proposing to adopt laws and regulations related to privacy, data protection and data security, and
we may become subject to additional requirements and obligations as we expand our operations into new geographic markets. Additionally,
a disruption or failure of our systems or technology, or a data security incident, could harm our ability to effectively manage our business.
See Risk FactorsRisks Related to our Business OperationsWe and our franchisees rely on computer systems to process
transactions and manage our businesses, and a disruption or a failure of such systems or technology could harm our ability to effectively
manage our businesses.

Supply
Chain and Sourcing

Our
unwavering commitment to quality in our food and beverage offerings is reflected in our supply chain and sourcing model. We aim to maintain
the safety and quality of our food, emphasizing fresh ingredients across our menus, and we require all ingredients and supplies to satisfy
our rigorous quality standards. Our focus is on obtaining high quality ingredients that we can leverage across our menus, as we strive
to minimize the number of finished products sourced externally. We partner with a network of vendors to source our food
and beverage products, kitchen equipment, packaging, and other items. We manage these sourcing relationships on behalf of our franchisees,
and we require all of our franchisees to purchase from the designated suppliers. Our vendors and distribution partners are fully vetted
regarding quality, safety, and compliance, and we have direct vendor contracts or pricing agreements in place which cover the majority
of our purchases from them.

For
certain ingredients, we leverage forward buying and hedging strategies in order to minimize the impact of price fluctuations. Our digital
menus and dynamic pricing capabilities allow us to quickly modify menu prices when necessary in order to maintain margins for certain
items that have experienced cost increases.

For
our Twin Peaks restaurants, our external sourcing activities are supplemented by our in-house brewery operations.
All of our signature beer sold at our Twin Peaks restaurants in Texas are brewed at Twin Peaks Brewing Co., our award-winning brew-pub
in Irving, Texas (which is adjacent to a Twin Peaks restaurant). Our brewing operations allow us to maintain quality, consistency, and
control over our proprietary beers. Currently, our Twin Peaks brewery is licensed to brew approximately 20,000 kegs per year.

Competition

We
compete in the highly competitive and fragmented restaurant industry, more specifically within the casual dining segment of the U.S.
full-service restaurant industry. We compete primarily with sports bar concepts and other casual dining establishments. These competitors
include both large, established national and global brands, as well as smaller, locally-owned restaurants and chains. Given our focus
in the sports bar and bar and grill categories, we believe that we also compete with limited-service chains focused on off-premise consumption
of similar food and beverage offerings, such as chicken wings, burgers, etc. The number, size and strength of competitive restaurant
concepts varies by region. We believe that differentiation among brands and concepts in the spaces in which we operate is driven by the
in-restaurant experience, ambiance, food taste and quality, service, location, and value, among other factors. As we continue to grow
our restaurant footprint, both domestically and internationally, we expect to face increased competition from both established and emerging
brands across our markets. We also compete with other restaurant and retail establishments for site selection and restaurant staff. See
Risk FactorsRisks Related to our Business OperationsThe full-service restaurant industry in which we operate
is highly competitive.

145

Intellectual
Property

Our
principal trademarks for the Twin Peaks brand include Twin Peaks, EATS. DRINKS. SCENIC VIEWS, 29
Draft Beer, Twin Peaks Brewing, and our Twin Peaks and mountains designs and logos, which we have registered with
the United States Patent and Trademark Office. We have also registered, or applied for registration of, various other related terms,
designs and logos as trademarks in the United States. In addition, we have registered, or applied for registration of, Twin Peaks,
EATS. DRINKS. SCENIC VIEWS, and our Twin Peaks and mountains designs and logos as trademarks in Mexico and certain other
countries where we are considering expanding our Twin Peaks restaurant footprint. Furthermore, the Twin Peaks website
name and address, and the Facebook, Instagram and X accounts for the Twin Peaks brand, are our intellectual property. We also
maintain certain recipes for Twin Peaks menu items, as well as certain standards, specifications and operating procedures for our Twin
Peaks restaurants, as trade secrets or confidential information.

Our
principal trademarks for the Smokey Bones brand include Smokey Bones, Masters of Meat, Meat is What
We Do, and our Smokey Bones flame designs and logos, which we have registered with the United States Patent and Trademark Office.
We have also registered, or applied for registration of, various other related terms, designs and logos as trademarks in the United States.
In addition, we have registered, or applied for registration of, Smokey Bones, the Burger Experience, and
the Wing Experience as trademarks in certain other countries where we are considering expanding our Smokey Bones restaurant
footprint. Furthermore, the Smokey Bones website name and address, and the Facebook, Instagram
and X accounts for the Smokey Bones brand, are our intellectual property. We also
maintain certain recipes for Smokey Bones menu items, as well as certain standards, specifications and operating procedures for our Smokey
Bones restaurants, as trade secrets or confidential information.

We
believe that our trademarks, service marks, trade names and other intellectual property rights have significant value, and are important
to the marketing and reputation of our brand. An important part of our intellectual property strategy is the monitoring and enforcement
of our intellectual property rights in markets in which our restaurants currently exist or markets which we intend to enter in the future.
We monitor trademark registers to discover and oppose third-party trademark applications for confusingly similar trademarks in order
to preserve and enhance the scope of protection for our brand and our competitive position. We enforce our rights through a number of
methods, including by sending cease-and-desist letters and instituting opposition or cancellation motions. However, we cannot predict
whether steps taken to protect our intellectual property rights will be adequate. See Risk FactorsRisks Related to our
Business OperationsFailure to protect our service marks or other intellectual property could harm our business.

Properties

Our
corporate office is located in Dallas, Texas, where we currently lease approximately 8,337 square feet pursuant to a lease agreement
that expires in 2025, with a five-year renewal option.

As
of September 29, 2024, we operated 33 company-owned Twin Peaks restaurants across eight states throughout the United
States. All of our company-owned Twin Peaks restaurants are on leased facilities.

As
of September 29, 2024, we operated 58 company-owned Smokey Bones restaurants across 16 states throughout the eastern
United States. One Smokey Bones restaurant is currently being converted to a company-owned Twin Peaks restaurant. All of our company-owned
Smokey Bones restaurants are on leased facilities.

We
believe that our facilities are sufficient to meet our current and anticipated near-term needs.

146

Environmental
Matters 

Our
operations, including the selection and development of company-owned restaurants and franchised restaurants and any construction or improvements
we or our franchisees make at those locations, are subject to a variety of federal, state, local, and foreign laws and regulations relating
to environmental protection in the United States and in any other country in which we operate. Such laws and regulations concern the
protection of the environment, climate change, pollution, waste disposal, the presence, discharge, storage, handling, release, treatment
and disposal of (or exposure to) hazardous or toxic substances, and clean-up of contaminated soil and groundwater. Various federal, state,
local, and international environmental laws and regulations can provide for significant fines and penalties for non-compliance, as well
as liabilities for remediation. Under such environmental laws and regulations, an owner or operator of real estate may be liable for
the costs of removal or remediation of waste or hazardous or toxic substances on, in or emanating from, such property. Such liability
may be imposed without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of such waste or hazardous
or toxic substances. Some of our restaurants may be located in areas that were previously occupied by companies or operations that had
a more significant environmental impact. We could face costs or liability related to environmental conditions at prior, existing or future
restaurant locations, including sites where we have franchised restaurants. Third parties may also make claims against owners or operators
of properties for personal injuries and property damage associated with releases of, or actual or alleged exposure to, such waste or
hazardous substances at, on or from our company-owned restaurants or franchised restaurants.

Additionally,
there has been increased public focus by governmental and non-governmental entities and our customers on environmental and sustainability
matters such as climate change, reduction of greenhouse gas emissions, water consumption, waste, packaging, and animal health and welfare.
As a result, we may face increased pressure to provide expanded disclosure, make or expand commitments, establish targets or goals, or
take other actions in connection with environmental and sustainability matters. Legislative, regulatory or other efforts to address environmental
and sustainability matters could negatively impact our cost structure and operational efficiencies, or result in future increases in
the cost of raw materials, transportation, utilities, and taxes, which could decrease our operating profits and necessitate future investments
in facilities and equipment.

Storage,
discharge and disposal of hazardous substances are not a significant part of our operations. Additionally, we are not aware of any environmental
laws or regulations that will materially affect our results of operations, or result in material capital expenditures relating to our
operations. However, we cannot predict what environmental laws and regulations will be enacted in the future, how existing or future
environmental laws and regulations will be administered, interpreted or enforced, or the amount of future expenditures that we may need
to comply with, or to satisfy claims relating to, environmental laws and regulations.

Government
Regulation

U.S.
Operations

We
are subject to extensive federal, state and local government regulation, including those relating to, among others, franchising, alcoholic
beverage sales, menu labeling and nutritional disclosure, food preparation, public health and safety, zoning and building codes, and
environmental matters. Failure to obtain or retain required licenses, permits or registrations, or applicable exemptions, would adversely
affect the operations of our restaurants, as well as our ability to franchise. Although we have not experienced and do not anticipate
any significant problems in obtaining required licenses, permits, registrations, approvals or exemptions, any difficulties, delays or
failures in obtaining such licenses, permits, registrations, approvals or exemptions could delay or prevent the opening of, or adversely
impact the viability of, a restaurant in a particular area. Additionally, a pandemic, epidemic, outbreak of an infectious disease, such
as COVID-19 and any of its various strains, or other public health crisis could result in revised state and local government regulations
affecting our business, which could significantly impact our restaurant operations. Such regulations could govern, for example, employee
leave, opening and closing of restaurants and dining rooms, sanitation practices, guest spacing within dining rooms and other social
distancing practices, and personal protective equipment.

147

Our
franchising activities are subject to the rules and regulations of the FTC, state and local franchise registration requirements, and
various state laws regulating the offer and sale of franchises through the provision of franchise disclosure documents containing certain
mandatory disclosures. Substantive state laws that regulate the franchisor-franchisee relationship exist in a substantial number of states,
and bills have been introduced in Congress from time to time that would provide for federal regulation of the franchisor-franchisee relationship.
The state laws often limit, among other things, the duration and scope of non-competition provisions, the ability of a franchisor to
terminate or refuse to renew a franchise agreement, and the ability of a franchisor to designate sources of supply. We believe that our
franchising procedures comply in all material respects with both the FTC franchise rules and regulations and all applicable state laws
regulating franchising in those states in which we have offered franchises.

The
development of additional restaurants will be subject to compliance with applicable regulations, including those relating to zoning,
land use, water quality and retention, and other environmental matters. We believe federal and state environmental regulations have not
had a material effect on our operations, but more stringent and varied requirements of local government bodies with respect to zoning,
land use and environmental factors, among others, could delay construction of, and increase development costs for, new restaurants.

We
are also subject to the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986, and various other federal and state
laws governing matters such as minimum wages, exempt versus non-exempt status, overtime, unemployment tax rates, workers compensation
rates, citizenship requirements, and other working conditions. A significant portion of the hourly staff at our restaurants is paid at
rates consistent with the applicable federal or state minimum wage, and, accordingly, increases in the minimum wage and/or changes in
exempt versus non-exempt status will increase labor costs. We are also subject to the ADA, which prohibits discrimination on the basis
of disability with respect to employment and public accommodations, which may require us to design or modify our restaurants to make
reasonable accommodations for disabled persons.

Each
of our restaurants is required to obtain a license to sell alcoholic beverages on its premises from a state authority and, in certain
locations, county and municipal authorities. Typically, our licenses to sell alcoholic beverages must be renewed annually and may be
suspended or revoked at any time for cause. Alcoholic beverage control regulations govern various aspects of the daily operations of
our company-owned restaurants and franchised restaurants, including the minimum age of guests and team members, hours of operation, advertising,
wholesale purchasing, other relationships with alcoholic beverages manufacturers, wholesalers and distributors, inventory control, handling
and storage, and storage and dispensing of alcoholic beverages. We are also subject to dram shop statutes in certain states
in which our restaurants are located. These statutes generally provide that a person injured by an intoxicated person has the right to
recover damages from an establishment that wrongfully served alcoholic beverages to the intoxicated individual. As of September 29,
2024, we are currently the subject of five lawsuits that allege violations of dram shop statutes. We carry liquor liability
coverage as part of our existing comprehensive general liability insurance for our restaurants.

We
are also subject to the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Affordability Reconciliation
Act of 2010 (which we refer to as the PPACA), which establishes a uniform, federal requirement for certain restaurants
to post certain nutritional information on their menus. Specifically, the PPACA amended the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act to require
chain restaurants with 20 or more locations operating under the same name and offering substantially the same menu to publish the total
number of calories of standard menu items on menus and menu boards, along with a statement that puts this calorie information in the
context of a total daily caloric intake. The PPACA also requires covered restaurants to provide to customers, upon request, a written
summary of detailed nutritional information for each standard menu item, and to provide a statement on menus and menu boards about the
availability of this information. The PPACA further permits the United States Food and Drug Administration to require covered restaurants
to make additional nutrient disclosures, such as disclosure of trans-fat content. Additionally, a number of states, counties and cities
have enacted menu labeling laws requiring multi-unit restaurant operators to disclose certain nutritional information to guests or have
enacted legislation restricting the use of certain types of ingredients in restaurants. Furthermore, some government authorities are
increasing regulations regarding trans-fats and sodium, and some jurisdictions have banned certain cooking ingredients, such as trans-fats,
or have discussed banning certain products, such as large sodas. Such regulations may require us to limit trans-fats and sodium in our
menu offerings, switch to higher cost ingredients, or remove certain products and ingredients all together from our menus.

148

International
Operations

Our
franchised Twin Peaks restaurants in Mexico are subject to national and local laws and regulations in that country. We believe that our
international franchised restaurants and procedures comply in all material respects with the applicable laws of Mexico.

See
also Risk FactorsRisks Related to Regulatory Matters and Legal Proceedings.

Legal
Proceedings

We
are involved in various claims and legal actions and proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business, including claims
and proceedings resulting from employment-related matters. We do not believe that the ultimate resolution of any of these matters, individually
or taken in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, liquidity or capital
resources. However, a significant increase in the number of claims or an increase in amounts owing under successful claims could materially
and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.

149

MANAGEMENT

Executive
Officers and Non-Executive Directors

Set
forth below are the names, ages and positions of each of our executive officers and non-executive directors, as of the date of
this Information Statement, and a description of the business experience of each of them.

Name Age Position

Executive
Officers 

Joseph
Hummel 56 Chief
Executive Officer and Chairperson of the Board

Kenneth
J. Kuick 55 Chief
Financial Officer

Roger Gondek 66 Chief Operating Officer

Michael Locey 65 Chief Development Officer

Hal
Lawlor 59 President,
Smokey Bones

Clay C. Mingus 48 Chief Legal Officer and Secretary

Non-Executive
Directors 

Kenneth
J. Anderson(2) 70 Independent
Director(1)

Lynne
Collier(2) 57 Independent
Director(1)

James
Ellis(2) 77 Independent
Director(1)

David
Jobe(2) 64 Independent
Director(1)

(1) Determined
to be independent pursuant to the independence standards of the Nasdaq
Listing Rules.

(2) Such
director
will hold office until the 2025 annual meeting of our stockholders and until his or her successor
has been duly elected and qualified.

Business
Experience

Executive
Officers

Joseph
Hummel.Mr. Hummel has served as our Chief Executive Officer since
July 2017, and as a director of our Company since February 2024. Prior to joining our Company, Mr. Hummel was the Chief Operating Officer
and a partner at La Cima Restaurants, LLC, a franchiser of 43 Twin Peaks restaurants in Florida, Alabama, Georgia, South Carolina,
North Carolina, and Tennessee, from August 2011 to July 2017. Prior to La Cima Restaurants,
Mr. Hummel worked at Hooters of America from October 2003 to August 2011, where he started as the Vice President of National Purchasing
and was eventually promoted to Executive Vice President of Operations and Purchasing. Mr. Hummel has over 30 years of executive experience
in the food and restaurant industry. Mr. Hummel received a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration from Clemson University.

Kenneth
J. Kuick. Mr. Kuick has served as our Chief Financial Officer since April 2024. Mr. Kuick has also served as the Co-Chief
Executive Officer of FAT Brands since May 2023 and the Chief Financial Officer of FAT Brands since May 2021. Prior to joining FAT Brands,
Mr. Kuick was the Chief Financial Officer of Noodles & Company, a national fast-casual restaurant concept, from November 2018 to
August 2020, where he was responsible for leading the finance, accounting and supply chain functions. Prior to Noodles & Company,
Mr. Kuick was the Chief Accounting Officer of VICI Properties Inc., a real estate investment trust specializing in casino properties,
from October 2017 to August 2018, where he was responsible for accounting, consolidated financial operations, capital markets transactions,
treasury, internal audit, tax and external reporting. Prior to VICI Properties, Mr. Kuick was the Chief Accounting Officer of Caesars
Entertainment Operating Company, a subsidiary of Caesars Entertainment Corporation, from November 2014 to October 2017, and was the Vice
President, Assistant Controller for Caesars Entertainment Corporation from December 2011 to November 2014. Mr. Kuick is a Certified Public
Accountant. Mr. Kuick received a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting and Business Systems from Taylor University.

150

Roger Gondek. Mr. Gondek has
served as our Chief Operating Officer since July 2017. Prior to joining our Company, Mr. Gondek was the Executive Vice President of
Operations of La Cima Restaurants, LLC, a franchiser of 43 Twin Peaks restaurants in Florida, Alabama, Georgia, South Carolina,
North Carolina, and Tennessee, from August 2011 to July 2017. Prior to La Cima Restaurants, Mr. Gondek worked at Hooters of
America from October 2001 to August 2011, where he started as a Regional Manager and was ultimately promoted to Divisional Vice
President of Operations. Prior to Hooters of America, Mr. Gondek was the Vice President of Operations at Hazzard Burdick Group from
April 1996 to October 2001. Mr. Gondek has over 40 years of experience in the food and restaurant industry serving in various areas
of operations. Mr. Gondek received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from Southern Connecticut State University.

Michael Locey. Mr. Locey has served
as our Chief Development Officer since July 2017. Prior to joining our Company, Mr. Locey was the Chief Development Officer of La Cima
Restaurants, LLC, a franchiser of 43 Twin Peaks restaurants in Florida, Alabama, Georgia, South Carolina, North Carolina, and Tennessee,
from August 2011 to July 2017. Prior to La Cima Restaurants, Mr. Locey was the Vice President of Strategic Development, Real Estate,
and Construction at Hooters of America from January 2004 to July 2011. Prior to Hooters of America, Mr. Locey was the Director of Development
at Damons International from 1996 to 2003. Mr. Locey has over 45 years of experience in the restaurant and real estate development
industries. Mr. Locey received a Bachelor of Science degree in Organizational Leadership and a Master of Business Administration degree
from Franklin University.

Hal
Lawlor. Mr. Lawlor has served as the President, Smokey Bones since March 2024. Prior to the Smokey Bones Acquisition, Mr. Lawlor
was the President of Barbeque Integrated, Inc. (which is the entity that owns Smokey Bones) from June 2023 to March 2024, as well as
the Chief Operating Officer of Barbeque Integrated, Inc. from June 2019 to June 2023. Since joining Smokey Bones, Mr. Lawlor has successfully
launched four virtual brands for Smokey Bones, including the Wing Experience, Burger Experience, Bowl Market and Tender Box. Mr. Lawlor
has been integral in building a successful off-premise dining program for the Smokey Bones brand to further its sales and reach. Prior
to Smokey Bones, Mr. Lawlor was a Regional Vice President of Operations for P.F. Changs Bistro, the international Asian-inspired
restaurant concept, from January 2016 to May 2019, where he led strategic operations for a group of 61 restaurants across the Northeast
and Midwest regions of the United States. Prior to P.F. Changs Bistro, Mr. Lawlor was at Red Lobster from February 1994 to January
2016, where he began his career as a line cook, and was subsequently promoted to various leadership positions, including as the Director
of Operations, Regional Vice President, and ultimately as the Vice President of Operations. Mr. Lawlor has more than 25 years of experiences
in the restaurant industry. Mr. Lawlor graduated from the Culinary School at First Coast Technical College.

Clay C. Mingus. Mr. Mingus has served
as our Chief Legal Officer and Secretary since July 2017. Prior to joining our Company, Mr. Mingus was the Chief Legal Officer of La
Cima Restaurants, LLC, a franchiser of 43 Twin Peaks restaurants in Florida, Alabama, Georgia, South Carolina, North Carolina, and Tennessee,
from August 2011 to July 2017. Prior to La Cima Restaurants, Mr. Mingus was the Vice President of Legal and General Counsel at Hooters
of America from July 2007 to July 2011. Mr. Mingus received a Bachelor of Arts degree in English from Purdue University and a Juris Doctorate
degree from University of Georgia School of Law.

Non-Executive
Directors

Kenneth
J. Anderson. In December 2024, Mr. Anderson was appointed as a director to our Board of Directors in connection
with the Reorganization. Mr. Anderson also served on the board of directors of FAT Brands from October 2021 to March 2023. Mr. Anderson
currently serves as the Chief Executive Officer of Cedar Tree Capital, an investment firm, where he provides strategic planning and investment
advice to high net-worth families with a focus on public equities and alternative investments. Prior to Cedar Tree Capital, Mr. Anderson
was a founder of, and served as a Client Service Director at, Aspiriant, an independent wealth management firm, from October 2002 to
October 2021, where he also was a member of its board of directors. Prior to Aspiriant, Mr. Anderson was a Client Service Director at
myCFO from March 2000 to its sale in October 2002. Prior to myCFO, Mr. Anderson was a Tax Partner at Arthur Andersen LLP for 20 years.
Mr. Anderson has more than 35 years of experience in providing financial strategies and advice related to taxes, estate planning, investments,
insurance, and philanthropy. Mr. Anderson is a Certified Public Accountant and a licensed attorney in Illinois. Mr. Anderson received
a Bachelors degree in Accounting and Economics from Valparaiso University. Mr. Anderson was selected to serve on our Board of
Directors because of his extensive accounting, tax, and financial strategies and planning experience and background.

Lynne
Collier. In December 2024, Ms. Collier was appointed
as director to our Board of Directors in connection with the Reorganization. Ms. Collier also currently serves as a director and
the chair of the audit committee of the board of directors of FAT Brands, where she was appointed to the board of directors of FAT Brands
in July 2022. Ms. Collier has also been the Head of Consumer Discretionary at Water Tower Research, LLC, an investor relations advisory
firm, since October 2022. Prior to Water Tower Research, Ms. Collier was a Managing Director in the Investor Relations Division of ICR
Inc. from April 2021 to June 2022. Prior to ICR, Ms. Collier was a sell-side consumer analyst at a number of financial institutions,
including serving as a Managing Director at Loop Capital Markets LLC from October 2018 to April 2021, a Managing Director at Canaccord
Genuity Inc. from July 2016 to October 2018, and a Managing Director at Sterne Agee from May 2009 to June 2016. Ms. Collier has nearly
30 years of experience in capital markets with a focus on the restaurant industry. Ms. Collier received a Bachelors degree in
Finance from Baylor University, and a Master of Business Administration degree in Finance from Texas Christian University. Ms. Collier
was selected to serve on our Board of Directors because of her extensive experience in accounting and investors relations, and her years
of experience in capital markets, particularly with respect to the restaurant industry.

151

James
Ellis. In December 2024, Mr. Ellis was appointed as a director to our Board of Directors in connection with the
Reorganization. Mr. Ellis also currently serves as a director on the board of directors of FAT Brands since September 2023. Mr. Ellis
was previously the Dean of the Marshall School of Business at the University of Southern California (USC) from April 2007
to June 2019. Prior to his appointment as the Dean of the Marshall School of Business, Mr. Ellis was the Vice Provost, Globalization,
at USC from September 2005 to April 2007, and prior to that, the Vice Dean, External Relations and Corporate Programs, at USC from July
2004 to September 2005. Mr. Ellis was also a professor in the Marketing Department at the Marshall School of Business from January 1997
to June 2021, when he retired from his teaching role. Mr. Ellis continues to serve on the boards of directors of a number of public and
private companies, including FAT Brands, J.G. Boswell Company (OTCMKTS:BWEL), and Mercury General Corporation (NYSE: MCY). Mr. Ellis
received a Bachelors degree in Business Administration from the University of New Mexico, and a Master of Business Administration
degree from Harvard Business School. Mr. Ellis was selected to serve on our Board of Directors because of his extensive business and
marketing expertise.

David
Jobe. In December 2024, Mr. Jobe was appointed as a director to our Board of Directors in connection with
the Reorganization. Mr. Jobe is a co-founder, and has served as the Chief Executive Officer, of Prosper Company, a purpose-driven, inclusive
community within the foodservice and hospitality industries, since September 2022. Prior to Prosper Company, Mr. Jobe served as the President,
a Partner and a member of the board of directors of Revelry Group, a certified B Corporation that creates shared value for companies
in the food, beverage, and hospitality sectors, from January 2019 to August 2022. Prior to Revelry Group, Mr. Jobe was at Winsight Media
for 20 years where he served in a number of roles, including as the President and Chief Customer Officer. Mr. Jobe has over 25 years
of experience in the global foodservice, hospitality and convenience retailing industries. Mr. Jobe received a Bachelor of Arts degree
in Business Administration from Washington State University. Mr. Jobe was selected to serve on our Board of Directors because of his
extensive experience in the global foodservice and hospitality industries, where he has built deep connections and strategic relationships
with senior executives for leading suppliers and operators.

Family
Relationships

There
are no familial relationships among any of our executive officers or non-executive directors.

Overlap
of Certain Directors and Management

Two
of our directors, Lynne Collier and James Ellis, also serve as directors of FAT Brands, and our Chief Financial Officer, Kenneth
J. Kuick, is also the co-chief executive officer and chief financial officer of FAT Brands. For a description of the treatment
of related party transactions and corporate opportunities where a director or officer of our Company also serves as a director or officer
of FAT Brands, see the sections entitled Certain Relationships and Related Party TransactionsRelated Party Transactions
Policies and Procedures and Description of Capital StockProvisions of our Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation Relating to Related Person Transactions and Corporate Opportunities.

Board
of Directors

Our
business and affairs are managed under the direction of our Board of Directors. In connection with the Reorganization, we have amended
and restated our certificate of incorporation (which we refer to as our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation) and
our bylaws (which we refer to as our Amended and Restated Bylaws). Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
provides that the number of directors on our Board of Directors shall be no less than three,
with the actual number of directors fixed from time to time by our Board of Directors. Immediately following the Reorganization, our
Board of Directors will be composed of five members, as set forth above. Joseph Hummel will serve as the Chairperson of
our Board of Directors. Each director will continue to serve until the election and qualification of his or her successor, or until the
earliest of his or her death, resignation, or removal.

152

Director
Independence

Our
Board of Directors undertakes a review of the independence of each director. Based on information provided by each director concerning
his or her background, employment, and affiliations, our Board of Directors has determined that Kenneth J. Anderson, Lynne Collier,
James Ellis, and David Jobe do not have relationships that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out
the responsibilities of a director and that each of these directors is independent, as defined under the independence
standards of the Nasdaq Listing Rules. In making these determinations, our Board of Directors considered the current and prior
relationships that each non-executive director has or had with our Company and all other facts and circumstances that our Board of Directors
deemed relevant in determining their independence, including the beneficial ownership of shares of our Common Stock held by such
non-executive director, and the transactions described in Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions.

Lead
Independent Director

Our
corporate governance guidelines provide that, if the Chairperson of our Board of Directors is an independent director, the Chairperson
will also serve as the lead independent director of our Board of Directors (which we refer to as the Lead Independent Director),
provided, however, that, at any time when the Chairperson of the Board of Directors is not an independent director, one of our independent
directors will serve as the Lead Independent Director. Given that Joseph Hummel, the Chairperson of our Board of Directors, is not an
independent director, James Ellis serves as the Lead Independent Director. As the Lead Independent Director, James Ellis will
preside over periodic meetings of our independent directors, coordinate activities of the independent directors, ensure that our Board
of Directors functions independent of our Companys management, and perform such additional duties as our Board of Directors may
otherwise determine and delegate. The Lead Independent Director may be appointed and replaced from time to time by our Board of Directors.

Diversity

We
believe that having a diverse Board of Directors can offer a breadth and depth of perspectives that enhance the performance of our Board
of Directors. Our nominating and corporate governance committee values diversity of abilities, experience, perspective, education, gender,
background, race, ethnicity and national origin. Recommendations concerning director nominees are based on merit and past performance,
as well as expected contributions to the performance of our Board of Directors, and, accordingly, diversity is taken into consideration.

We
similarly believe that having a diverse and inclusive organization overall is beneficial to our success, and we are committed to diversity
and inclusion at all levels of our organization to ensure that we attract, retain and promote the brightest and most talented individuals.
We have recruited and selected senior management candidates that represent a diversity of business understanding, personal attributes,
abilities, and experience.

We
have not adopted a formal policy with respect to the identification and nomination or appointment of women and of other diverse candidates
to our Board of Directors or our senior management team. Our nominating and corporate governance committee and our senior executives
take gender and other diversity representation into consideration as part of their overall recruitment and selection process. We have
not adopted targets for gender or other diversity representation in part due to the need to consider a balance of criteria for each individual
appointment. We do not believe that quotas or strict rules set out in a formal policy would result in improved identification or selection
of the best candidates, as we believe that quotas based on specific criteria would limit our ability to ensure that the overall composition
of our Board of Directors and senior management team meets the needs of our Company and our stockholders.

Immediately
following the Reorganization, we will have one woman on our Board of Directors (representing 20% of our directors), and
our Board of Directors is committed to maintaining or increasing the number of women on our Board of Directors as board turnover occurs
from time to time, taking into account the skills, background, experience and knowledge desired at a particular time by our Board of
Directors and its committees. In addition, we currently have three women servings as vice presidents on our senior executive team.

Board Observer Rights of FAT Brands

Under the Master Separation and Distribution Agreement
we will enter into with FAT Brands in connection with the Reorganization and the Spin-Off, for so long as FAT Brands or its affiliates
beneficially owns at least 10% of the outstanding shares of our Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock, FAT Brands will have the
right to appoint two individuals (which we refer to as the Board Observers) to observe and participate in meetings of our
Board of Directors, provided, however, that the Board Observers will not have any voting rights. The Board Observers will have the right
to attend all meetings of our Board of Directors, any committees thereof, or any board or any committees thereof of any of our subsidiaries,
as applicable. See also Certain Relationships and Related Party TransactionsAgreements to be Entered into with FAT Brands
in Connection with the ReorganizationMaster Separation and Distribution AgreementBoard Observer Rights.

153

Role
of our Board of Directors in Risk Oversight

Our
Board of Directors oversees our business and considers the risks associated with our business strategy and decisions. One of the key
functions of our Board of Directors is informed oversight of our risk management processes, which are designed to support the achievement
of organizational objectives, improve long-term organizational performance, and enhance stockholder value while mitigating and managing
identified risks. A fundamental part of our approach to risk management is not only understanding the most significant risks our Company
faces and the necessary steps to manage those risks, but also deciding what level of risk is appropriate. Our Board of Directors plays
an integral role in guiding our managements risk tolerance and determining an appropriate level of risk.

Our
Board of Directors currently implements its risk oversight function as a whole. Each of the three standing committees (the audit committee,
the compensation committee, and the nominating and corporate governance committee) of our Board of Directors also provides risk oversight
in respect of its respective areas of concentration and reports material risks to our Board of Directors for further consideration. In
particular, our Board of Directors is responsible for monitoring and assessing strategic risk exposure, including risks associated with
operational, governmental, environmental, legal, compliance, corporate governance, financial, credit, liquidity, cybersecurity and data
privacy matters, evaluating our risk management processes, allocating responsibilities for risk overnight among the full Board of Directors
and the three standing committees, and fostering an appropriate culture of integrity and compliance with legal obligations. Our Board
of Directors also appreciates the evolving nature of our business and industry and oversees the monitoring and mitigation of new threats
and risks as they emerge.

Our
audit committee monitors and evaluates our major financial and accounting risk exposures, and other risks that could have a significant
impact on our financial statements, in addition to oversight of the performance of our internal audit function. Our audit committee also
monitors major legal, regulatory, compliance, investment, tax, cybersecurity, and data privacy risks, and the steps our management takes
to identify and control these exposures, including by reviewing and setting guidelines, policies, and internal controls that govern the
processes by which risk assessment and management is undertaken. In particular, our audit committee oversees our cybersecurity and data
privacy programs and reports on these matters to our Board of Directors. Our management periodically updates our audit committee on cybersecurity
and data privacy matters, including cybersecurity incidents involving us, our franchisees, as well as our third-party service providers,
progress of ongoing initiatives, and the effectiveness of internal control and compliance mechanisms. These mechanisms include assessments
of prospective third-party service providers cybersecurity and data privacy practices prior to entering into or renewing business
transactions with them or providing them access to our data or information systems. The results of these assessments inform the controls
that we would implement to mitigate any uncovered third-party service provider security risks. Our audit committee also monitors compliance
with legal and regulatory programs. Our compensation committee monitors and assesses whether any of our compensation policies, programs
and practices has the potential to encourage excessive risk-taking. Our nominating and corporate governance committee oversees risks
associated with director independence and the composition and organization of our Board of Directors, plans for leadership succession,
monitors the effectiveness of our corporate governance guidelines and code of business conduct and ethics, including whether such guidelines
and code are successful in preventing illegal or improper liability-creating conduct, and provides general oversight of our other corporate
governance policies and practices. While each standing committee of our Board of Directors is responsible for evaluating certain risks
and overseeing the management of such risks, our entire Board of Directors is regularly informed through committee reports about such
risks.

At
periodic meetings of our Board of Directors and its committees, our management reports to, and seeks guidance from, our Board of Directors
and its committees with respect to the most significant risks that could affect our business, such as financial, tax, and audit-related
risks, legal, regulatory and compliance risks, and cybersecurity and data privacy risks. We have implemented controls and procedures
for our management to quickly report and escalate violations or breaches of our compliance programs, policies and practices, as well
as occurrences of cybersecurity, data privacy and other incidents, to our Board of Directors or an applicable committee.

154

Committees
of our Board of Directors

Our
Board of Directors has established three standing committees: the (i) audit committee, (ii) compensation committee, and (iii)
nominating and corporate governance committee. Each of our audit committee, our compensation committee, and our nominating and corporate
governance committee is comprised exclusively of independent directors, as determined in accordance with the independence standards
of the Nasdaq Listing Rules.

Audit
Committee

Our
Board of Directors has established an audit
committee, which is comprised of three independent directors, Kenneth J. Anderson, Lynne Collier and James Ellis. Kenneth J. Anderson
serves as the chairperson of our audit committee. Our Board of Directors has designated Kenneth J. Anderson as the audit
committee financial expert within the meaning of applicable SEC regulations, and has determined that each member of our audit
committee is (i) independent under the independence standards of the Nasdaq Listing Rules, and meets the independence requirements
of Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act, and (ii) financially literate under the applicable Nasdaq Listing Rules, as
each member of our audit committee can read and understand fundamental financial statements in accordance with applicable requirements
and has sufficient knowledge in financial and auditing matters to serve on our audit committee. In arriving at these determinations,
our Board of Directors examined each audit committee members scope of experience and the nature of his or her employment.

The
primary purpose of our audit committee is to assist our Board of Directors in overseeing:

our
corporate accounting, financial reporting, and auditing processes and activities;

our
systems of internal control;

the
integrity and audits of our financial statements;

the
scope of our annual audits;

our
compliance with legal and regulatory requirements;

the
engagement, qualifications, and independence of our independent registered public accounting
firm;

the
performance of our accounting practices, internal audit function, and independent registered
public accounting firm; and

our
overall risk exposure and the management thereof.

Specific
responsibilities of our audit committee include, among other matters:

being
responsible for the selection, engagement, qualifications, independence, and performance
of our independent registered public accounting firm;

meeting
periodically with our management, internal audit staff, and our independent registered public
accounting firm in separate executive sessions;

reviewing
and discussing with our independent registered public accounting firm the plans for, and
the scope and results of, our annual audit, and reviewing with our management and our independent
registered public accounting firm our interim and year end results of operations;

having
sole authority to approve in advance all audit and permissible non-audit services to be performed
by our independent registered public accounting firm, the scope and terms thereof, and the
fees therefor;

155

reviewing
our system of audit and financial accounting controls, and the results of internal audits;

preparing
the audit committee report that the SEC requires in our annual proxy statement; and

reviewing,
approving and overseeing any related party transactions; and

reviewing
and overseeing legal and regulatory compliance matters, including risks related to cybersecurity,
information security, and data privacy.

Our
audit committee operates under a written audit committee charter that defines our audit committees primary duties in a
manner consistent with applicable Nasdaq Listing Rules.

Compensation
Committee

Our
Board of Directors has established a compensation
committee, which is comprised of two independent directors, Kenneth J. Anderson and James Ellis. Kenneth J. Anderson serves
as the chairperson of our compensation committee. Our Board of Directors has determined that each member of our compensation
committee is independent under the independence standards of the Nasdaq Listing Rules, and is a non-employee director (as
defined in Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act).

The
primary purpose of our compensation committee is to assist our Board of Directors in overseeing our compensation programs, policies and
plans, and to review and determine the compensation to be paid to our directors, executive officers, and other senior management, as
appropriate. Specific responsibilities of our compensation committee include, among other matters:

administering,
reviewing, and making recommendations to our Board of Directors regarding, our 2025
Incentive Compensation Plan and any other compensation or benefit programs, policies, and
plans;

reviewing
and approving on an annual basis our corporate goals and objectives with respect to compensation
for executive officers, and evaluating on an annual basis each executive officers
performance in light of such goals and objectives;

reviewing
and approving, or recommending that our Board of Directors approve, the compensation, including
salary, bonus and equity and non-equity incentive compensation, of, and terms of other compensatory
arrangements with, our chief executive officer and other executive officers;

reviewing,
concurrently with our nominating and corporate governance committee, the appropriate level
of compensation for Board and committee service by non-executive directors; and

reviewing
our incentive compensation arrangements to ensure that they do not encourage unnecessary
risk-taking, and reviewing and discussing, at least annually, the relationship among our
risk management policies and practices, our corporate strategy, and our compensation arrangements.

Our
compensation committee also has the authority to retain and terminate any compensation consultant to be used to assist in the
evaluation of director or executive compensation.

Our
compensation committee operates under a written compensation committee charter that defines our compensation committees
primary duties in a manner consistent with applicable Nasdaq Listing Rules.

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation

None
of the members of our compensation committee is currently, or has been at any time, an officer or employee of our Company or any of our
subsidiaries. None of our executive officers currently serves, or has served during the last year, as a member of the board of directors
or compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving as a member of our Board of Directors or our
compensation committee.

156

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee

Our
Board of Directors has established a nominating
and corporate governance committee, which is comprised of three independent directors, Kenneth J. Anderson, Lynne Collier and
David Jobe. Lynne Collier serves as the chairperson of our nominating and corporate governance committee. Our Board of
Directors has determined that each member of our nominating and corporate governance committee is independent under the independence
standards of the Nasdaq Listing Rules.

Specific
responsibilities of our nominating and corporate governance committee include, among other matters:

identifying,
evaluating, and recommending to our Board of Directors potential director candidates for
nomination to become members of our Board of Directors, including the nomination of incumbent
directors for reelection;

ensuring
that our Board of Directors reflects the appropriate balance of knowledge, experience, skills,
expertise, diversity, and independence;

considering
and making recommendations to our Board of Directors regarding the organization, function,
and composition, including chairpersonship, of our Board of Directors and its committees;

overseeing
the self-evaluation of our Board of Directors and its committees, and our Board of Directors
evaluation of management;

reviewing
succession planning for our executive leadership team;

reviewing
matters relating to human capital management, including policies and strategies regarding
recruiting, retention, career development and progression, diversity and inclusion, and other
employment practices;

reviewing
and considering environmental, social responsibility, and sustainability matters; and

overseeing
our corporate governance policies, procedures and guidelines, including periodically reviewing
and, if appropriate, recommending to our Board of Directors changes to, our corporate governance
policies, procedures and guidelines.

Our
nominating and corporate governance committee operates under a written nominating and corporate governance committee charter that
defines our nominating and corporate governance committees primary duties in a manner consistent with applicable Nasdaq Listing
Rules.

Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics

Our Board of Directors has adopted a code of business conduct and ethics (which we refer to as our code of business conduct
and ethics) that applies to our directors, officers, employees, and contractors. Among other matters, our code of business conduct
and ethics is designed to deter wrongdoing and promote the following:

honest
and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest;

full,
fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in our communications with, and reports
to, our stockholders and other public communications;

compliance
with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations;

157

protection
of our assets, including corporate opportunities and confidential information;

a
professional and respectful work environment, free of discrimination or harassment;

prompt
internal reporting of violations of our code of business conduct and ethics to appropriate
persons identified therein; and

accountability
for adherence to our code of business conduct and ethics.

Any
waiver of our code of business conduct and ethics for our directors, executive officers, or any employees may be made only by our Board
of Directors, and will be promptly disclosed as required by law or the Nasdaq Listing Rules.

Controlled
Company Exemptions

Immediately
following the Reorganization and the Spin-Off, FAT Brands will own (i) an expected 44,571,771 shares of our Class A Common
Stock, and (ii) all of the 2,870,000 outstanding shares of our Class B Common Stock. Our Class B Common Stock is entitled to 50
votes per share, and our Class A Common Stock is entitled to one vote per share. Because of the 50-to-1 voting ratio between
our Class B Common Stock and our Class A Common Stock, immediately following the Spin-Off, FAT Brands will hold approximately 98.6% of
the total voting power of the outstanding shares of our Common Stock, and, as a result, will have the ability to control the outcome
of matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election of all the members of our Board of Directors and the
approval of significant corporate transactions. Under the Nasdaq Listing Rules, a company is
deemed to be a controlled company if more than 50% of the voting power for the election of directors is held by an
individual, group or another company. As such, we expect to be a controlled company within the meaning of the Nasdaq
Listing Rules, since FAT Brands will continue to control a majority of the voting power of the outstanding shares of our Common
Stock. 

A
controlled company may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including the requirements that, within one
year of the date of the listing of our Class A Common Stock: 

we
have a board of directors that is composed of a majority of independent directors,
as defined under the Nasdaq Listing Rules;

we
have a compensation committee that is composed entirely of independent directors;

we
have a nominating and corporate governance committee that is composed entirely of independent
directors; and

the
compensation of our Chief Executive Officer must be determined or recommended solely by independent
directors.

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, we do not currently intend to rely on any of the controlled company exemptions provided under the Nasdaq
Listing Rules.

Furthermore, see
ReorganizationArrangements with respect to the Shares of Class A Common Stock held by FAT Brands for a description
of certain arrangements with respect to the shares of our Class A Common Stock held by FAT Brands that affect the ability of FAT Brands
to vote, dispose of, or otherwise exercise investment power over the shares of our Class A Common Stock held by it under certain circumstances.

158

EXECUTIVE
AND DIRECTOR COMPENSATION

Overview

This
discussion provides an overview of our executive compensation philosophy and objectives, our executive compensation programs, policies,
processes and practices, and the compensation determinations with respect to the following executive officers, who are collectively referred
to herein as our Named Executive Officers:

Name Position

Joseph
Hummel Chief
Executive Officer

Clay
C. Mingus Chief
Legal Officer and Secretary

Michael
Locey Chief
Development Officer

Kenneth J. Kuick Chief Financial Officer(1)

(1) Kenneth
J. Kuick was appointed as our Chief Financial Officer on April 1, 2024.

The
Twin Group is currently a part of the FAT Brands organization. As such, in fiscal years 2024 and 2023, the appropriate levels
of annual salary and annual target bonus compensation for our Chief Executive Officer were determined and approved by the compensation
committee of the board of directors of FAT Brands (which we refer to as the FAT Brands Compensation Committee), and the
appropriate levels of annual salary and annual target bonus compensation for our Chief Legal Officer and Secretary and our Chief Development
Officer were determined by our Chief Executive Officer, who provided his determinations to the FAT Brands Compensation Committee for
consideration and final approval, consistent with FAT Brands compensation policies and practices. The determinations of the annual
salaries and annual target bonus compensation of our Name Executive Officer generally took into account such Named Executive Officers
experience, roles, and performance, as well the compensation practices of similar companies in our industry.

Until
the completion of the Reorganization and the Spin-Off, we anticipate that the FAT Brands Compensation Committee will continue to determine
and manage the compensation of our Chief Executive Officer, and that our Chief Executive Officer and the FAT Brands Compensation Committee
will continue to determine and manage the compensation of our Named Executive Officers (other than our Chief Executive Officer). Following
our transition to being a publicly traded company, our compensation committee will be responsible for, or will assist our Board of Directors
in, overseeing our compensation programs, policies, processes and practices. Our compensation committee will also be responsible for
ensuring that our compensation programs, policies, processes and practices appropriately balance risk and reward consistent with our
risk profile, and do not encourage excessive risk-taking behavior by our management, including our Named Executive Officers. Our compensation
committees oversight will include reviewing and making recommendations to our Board of Directors concerning the level and nature
of compensation payable to our directors and officers, reviewing compensation objectives, evaluating performance, and ensuring that total
compensation paid to executive officers, including our Named Executive Officers, is reasonable and consistent with the objectives and
philosophy of our compensation programs.

The
following discussion contains forward-looking statements that are based on our current determinations, plans, considerations, and expectations
regarding our future compensation programs, policies, processes and practices. The compensation programs, policies, processes and practices,
including our compensation philosophy, that we adopt in the future, as well as the actual amount and form of compensation, may differ
materially from our currently planned compensation programs as summarized in this discussion.

159

Executive
Compensation

Summary
Compensation Table

The
following table summarizes information regarding the compensation that was earned by our Named Executive Officers during fiscal years
2024 and 2023.

Name
and Principal Position(s)

Year

Salary

($)

Non-equity
incentive plan compensation

($)

All
other compensation

($)

Total

($)

Joseph Hummel 2024 350,000 350,000 (1) 9,903 (2) 709,903 

Chief Executive Officer 2023 350,000 350,000 (1) 5,549 (3) 705,549 

Clay C. Mingus 2024 311,
318 124,527 (4) 21,839 (5) 457,684 

Chief Legal Officer and Secretary 2023 309,000 123,600 (4) 12,022 (6) 444,622 

Michael Locey 2024 269,809 107,923 (4) 20,519 (7) 398,251 

Chief Development Officer 2023 267,800 107,120 (4) 12,351 (8) 387,271 

Kenneth J. Kuick(9) 2024 

Chief Financial Officer 2023 

(1) This
amount reflects an annual target amount of non-equity incentive plan compensation in the
form of a cash bonus equal to 100% of Mr. Hummels annual base salary for such year,
which non-equity incentive plan compensation was earned by Mr. Hummel upon the achievement
of specified Company and individual performance goals.

(2) Represents
(i) a cell phone allowance of $1,200, and (ii) payments of premiums on various life,
disability and accidental death and dismemberment insurance policies in the aggregate amount
of $8,703.

(3) Represents
(i) a cell phone allowance of $1,200, and (ii) payments of premiums on various life, disability and accidental death and dismemberment
insurance policies in the aggregate amount of $4,349.

(4) This
amount reflects an annual target amount of non-equity incentive plan compensation in the
form of a cash bonus equal to 40% of such Named Executive Officers annual base salary
for such year, which non-equity incentive plan compensation was earned by such Named Executive
Office upon the achievement of specified Company and individual performance goals.

(5) Represents
(i) a cell phone allowance of $1,200, (ii) payments of premiums on various life,
disability and accidental death and dismemberment insurance policies in the aggregate amount
of $8,194, and (iii) a Company-paid 401(k) plan matching contribution of $12,445.

(6) Represents
(i) a cell phone allowance of $1,200, (ii) payments of premiums on various life, disability
and accidental death and dismemberment insurance policies in the aggregate amount of $3,244,
and (iii) a Company-paid 401(k) plan matching contribution of $7,578.

(7) Represents
(i) a cell phone allowance of $1,200, (ii) payments of premiums on various life,
disability and accidental death and dismemberment insurance policies in the aggregate amount
of $8,533, and (iii) a Company-paid 401(k) plan matching contribution of $10,786.

(8) Represents
(i) a cell phone allowance of $1,200, (ii) payments of premiums on various life, disability
and accidental death and dismemberment insurance policies in the aggregate amount of $517,
and (iii) a Company-paid 401(k) plan matching contribution of $10,634.

(9) Kenneth
J. Kuick was hired and appointed as our Chief Financial Officer on April 1, 2024, and as such, he did not receive any compensation
from us in fiscal year 2023. Mr. Kuick also did not receive any compensation from us in fiscal year 2024. Commencing on the
effective date of the Spin-Off in January 2025, Mr. Kuick will be entitled to receive an annual base salary of $200,000.

160

Components
of Executive Compensation

In
fiscal years 2024 and 2023, the compensation of our Chief Executive Officer was determined by the FAT Brands Compensation Committee,
and the compensation of our Named Executive Officers (other than our Chief Executive Officer) was determined by our Chief Executive Officer,
who provided his determinations to the FAT Brands Compensation Committee for consideration and final approval. For fiscal year 2025
and going forward, the compensation of our Named Executive Officers will be determined by our compensation committee. Such decisionmakers
have based and will base such compensation determinations on the following elements described below.

Annual
Base Salary. Base salary is designed to compensate our Named Executive Officers at a fixed level of compensation that serves
as a retention tool throughout the executives career. In determining base salaries, the following factors, among others, was and
will continue to be considered: (i) each executives roles and responsibilities, unique skills, and future potential with our Company,
(ii) salary levels for similar positions in our industry and market, and (iii) internal pay equity.

Annual
Target Bonus Opportunities. Annual target cash bonus opportunities are designed to incentivize our Named Executive Officers at
a variable level of compensation based on our Companys and the executives performance. Our annual target cash bonus opportunity
program was and will continue to be designed to reward the achievement of specific financial and operational objectives, based on annual
performance criteria that is flexible and that changes with the needs of our business. For fiscal years 2024 and 2023,
annual target cash bonus opportunities were based on the achievement of Company performance goals related to our System-Wide Sales and
Adjusted EBITDA, as compared to the annual budget for such year and prior year results, as well as the achievement of individual performance
goals set out in the beginning of such year.

Retirement
Savings Opportunities. Our executives and all other eligible employees are able to participate in a 401(k) Retirement Savings
Plan (which we refer to as the 401(k) plan). We provide the 401(k) plan to help our employees save some amount of their
cash compensation for retirement in a tax efficient manner. Under the 401(k) plan, our employees are eligible to defer a portion of their
base salary or cash bonus, and we, at our discretion, may make a matching contribution and/or a profit sharing contribution on their
behalf. We do not currently intend to provide an option for our employees to invest in shares of our Class
A Common Stock through the 401(k) plan.

Health
and Welfare Benefits. We provide to our executives and all other eligible full-time employees a competitive benefits package,
which includes health and welfare benefits, such as medical, dental, disability and life insurance benefits. The programs under which
these benefits are offered do not discriminate in scope, terms, or operation in favor of our executives, and will generally be available
to all of our full-time employees.

Reimbursement
of Business Expenses. We also reimburse our executives for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with the
performance of their duties with our Company.

Future
Additional Component of Executive Compensation

Equity Awards. In connection with the
Reorganization and the Spin-Off, prior to the completion of the Spin-Off, we expect our Board of Directors to approve and adopt, and
we intend to submit to our stockholders for approval, our 2025 Incentive Compensation Plan (as defined below). We anticipate that,
following the Reorganization and the Spin-Off, equity awards granted under our 2025 Incentive Compensation Plan will be an important
component of the total executive compensation package. We believe that time-vested equity awards will encourage our executives to focus
on our long-term goals and enhance stockholder value, while, at the same time, also attract, motivate and retain high-quality executives.
In determining equity awards, our compensation committee will take into account our overall financial and operational performance, as
well as such executives individual performance. The equity awards that we plan to grant under our 2025 Incentive Compensation
Plan are intended to recognize such executives efforts and services to our Company, and to provide a retention element to such
executives overall compensation. We anticipate that equity awards granted under our 2025 Incentive Compensation Plan will
generally be subject to time vesting, and will vest subject to the executives continued employment. We also intend to provide
performance-based equity awards to our executives under our 2025 Incentive Compensation Plan. For more information regarding equity-based
compensation that our executives may receive under our 2025 Incentive Compensation Plan, see Equity-Based Compensation2025
Incentive Compensation Plan below.

161

Executive
Compensation Program and Philosophy Following the Reorganization and the Spin-Off

Our
executive compensation program will be designed to provide for compensation that is sufficient to attract, motivate and retain executives
of outstanding ability and potential, and to establish a meaningful relationship between executive compensation and the creation of stockholder
value. We will seek to provide total compensation packages that are competitive in terms of potential value to our executives, and which
will be tailored to our unique characteristics and needs within our industry, in order to create an executive compensation program that
adequately rewards our executives for their roles in creating and increasing value for our stockholders. The compensation decisions regarding
our executives are based on our need to attract individuals with the skills necessary for us to achieve our business plan, to reward
those individuals fairly over time, and to retain those individuals who continue to perform at or above our expectations.

As
described above, our executive compensation program will have three primary components: (i) base salary, (ii) incentive target cash bonus
opportunity, and (iii) equity and/or equity-based awards. We view these three components of our executive compensation program as related
but distinct. Although our compensation committee will review total compensation, we do not believe that significant compensation derived
from one component of compensation should negate or reduce compensation from other components. We anticipate determining the appropriate
level for each compensation component based in part, but not exclusively, on our view of internal equity and consistency, company performance,
individual performance, market practices of peer companies of comparable size and business model, and other information deemed relevant
and timely. We will also adopt policies, processes and practices for allocating compensation between annual and long-term compensation,
between cash and non-cash compensation, or among different forms of compensation. In addition to the guidance provided by our compensation
committee, we may utilize the services of independent third-party compensation consultants from time to time in connection with the hiring
of, and compensation awarded to, our executive officers.

Additionally,
our compensation committee will be charged with performing an annual review of our executive compensation program, including its cash
and equity compensation components, to confirm that it provides adequate incentives and motivation to our executive officers, encourages
and maintains a performance-driven company culture, aligns the interests of our executive officers with the interests of our stockholders,
and adequately compensates our executive officers relative to comparable officers in other similarly situated companies in our industry.

Benchmarking
of Cash and Equity Compensation

We
believe that, when making compensation-related decisions, it is important to be informed of current practices of similarly situated publicly-held
companies in our industry. We expect that our compensation committee will stay apprised of the cash and equity compensation practices
of publicly-held companies in our industry through the review of such companies public reports and through other resources, including
consulting with independent compensation consultants. It is expected that any companies chosen for inclusion in any benchmarking group
would have business characteristics comparable to us, which characteristics may include similar business strategies, stage of development,
financial growth metrics, employee headcount, and market capitalization. While benchmarking may not always be appropriate as a standalone
tool for setting compensation due to the aspects of our business objectives that may be unique to us, we generally believe that gathering
this information will be an important part of our compensation-related decision-making process.

Compensation
Clawback Policy

In
December 2024, our Board of Directors adopted an executive officer compensation clawback policy that complies with Nasdaq Listing
Rule 5608 and the final clawback rules adopted by the SEC under Section 10D of, and Rule 10D-1 under, the Exchange Act.

Employment
or Severance Agreements

We
do not currently have any employment agreements or severance arrangements with any of our executives or other employees.

162

Equity-Based
Compensation

2025
Incentive Compensation Plan

In connection with the Reorganization and the Spin-Off,
prior to the completion of the Spin-Off, we expect our Board of Directors to approve and adopt, and we intend to submit to our stockholders
for approval, the Twin Hospitality Group Inc. 2025 Incentive Compensation Plan (which we refer to as our 2025 Incentive
Compensation Plan) in order to grant equity and equity-based awards to attract and retain directors, officers, employees and other
service providers. Our 2025 Incentive Compensation Plan will provide for the granting of equity-based awards, including our Class
A Common Stock, restricted stock, restricted stock units, dividend equivalents, options to purchase shares of our Class A Common Stock,
stock appreciation rights, and performance awards.

Administration
of our 2025 Incentive Compensation Plan and Eligibility

Our
2025 Incentive Compensation Plan will be administered by the compensation committee of our Board of Directors, which, subject
to applicable law, may delegate certain of its authority with respect to a number of shares reserved and available for awards under our
2025 Incentive Compensation Plan to our Chief Executive Officer or such other executive officers as our compensation committee
deems appropriate.

Subject
to the terms of our 2025 Incentive Compensation Plan, our compensation committee will be authorized to (i) select eligible persons
to receive awards (which includes our directors, officers, employees, consultants, and independent contractors, and persons expected
to become our directors, officers, employees, consultants, and independent contractors), (ii) grant awards, (iii) determine the type,
number and other terms and conditions of, and all other matters relating to, awards, (iv) prescribe award agreements (which need not
be identical for each participant) and the rules and regulations for the administration of our 2025 Incentive Compensation Plan,
(v) construe and interpret our 2025 Incentive Compensation Plan and award agreements, (vi) correct defects, supply omissions or
reconcile inconsistencies in our 2025 Incentive Compensation Plan, and (vii) make all other decisions and determinations as our
compensation committee may deem necessary or advisable for the administration of our 2025 Incentive Compensation Plan. Decisions
of our compensation committee will be final, conclusive and binding on all persons or entities, including our Company, any subsidiary,
any participant or beneficiary, any transferee under our 2025 Incentive Compensation Plan, or any other person claiming rights
from or through any of the foregoing persons or entities.

Share
Authorization

The
total number of shares of our Class A Common Stock subject to awards that will be reserved and available for issuance under our 2025
Incentive Compensation Plan will be 1,000,000 shares. The number of shares of our Class A Common Stock available under our 2025
Incentive Compensation Plan will be reduced by the sum of the aggregate number of shares of our Class A Common Stock which become
subject to outstanding awards granted under our 2025 Incentive Compensation Plan. To the extent that shares of our Class A Common
Stock subject to an outstanding award granted under our 2025 Incentive Compensation Plan are not issued or delivered by reason
of the forfeiture, expiration or termination of such award, or the settlement of such award in cash, then such shares of our Class A
Common Stock generally will again become available under our 2025 Incentive Compensation Plan.

In
the event of any equity restructuring that causes the per share value of shares of our Class A Common Stock to change, such as a stock
dividend, stock split, spinoff, rights offering or recapitalization through an extraordinary dividend, our compensation committee will
appropriately adjust the number and class of securities available under our 2025 Incentive Compensation Plan and the terms of
each outstanding award under our 2025 Incentive Compensation Plan. In the event of any other change in corporate capitalization,
including a merger, consolidation, reorganization or partial or complete liquidation, our compensation committee may make such equitable
adjustments as it determines to be appropriate and equitable to prevent dilution or enlargement of rights of participants. The decision
of our compensation committee regarding any such adjustment will be final, binding and conclusive.

163

Restricted
Stock and Restricted Stock Units

Under
our 2025 Incentive Compensation Plan, our compensation committee will be authorized to grant shares of restricted stock and restricted
stock units. Grants of shares of restricted stock will be subject to such risks of forfeiture and other restrictions as our compensation
committee may impose, including time- or performance-based restrictions, or both. A participant granted shares of restricted stock generally
has all of the rights of a stockholder of our Company (including voting and dividend rights), unless otherwise determined by our compensation
committee.

An
award of restricted stock units confers upon a participant the right to receive shares of our Class A Common Stock or cash equal to the
fair market value of the specified number of shares of our Class A Common Stock covered by the restricted stock units at the end of a
specified deferral period, subject to such risks of forfeiture and other restrictions as our compensation committee may impose. An award
of restricted stock units carries no voting or other rights associated with share ownership prior to settlement.

Stock
Options and Stock Appreciation Rights

Under
our 2025 Incentive Compensation Plan, our compensation committee will be authorized to grant (i) stock options, including both
incentive stock options (which we refer to as ISOs) that are intended to comply with the requirements of Section 422 of
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (which we refer to as the Code), and non-qualified stock options, and (ii)
stock appreciation rights, entitling the participant to receive the amount by which the fair market value of a share of our Class A Common
Stock on the date of exercise exceeds the grant price of the stock appreciation right. The exercise price per share of our Class A Common
Stock subject to an option and the grant price of a stock appreciation right are to be determined by our compensation committee; provided,
that the exercise price per share of an option and the grant price of a stock appreciation right may not be less than 100% of the fair
market value of a share of our Class A Common Stock on the date the option or stock appreciation right is granted. An option granted
to a person who owns or is deemed to own shares of our capital stock representing 10% or more of the voting power of all classes of our
capital stock (sometimes referred to as a 10% owner) will not qualify as an ISO unless the exercise price for the option
is not less than 110% of the fair market value of a share of our Class A Common Stock on the date the ISO is granted.

For
purposes of our 2025 Incentive Compensation Plan, the term fair market value means the fair market value of shares
of our Class A Common Stock, awards under our 2025 Incentive Compensation Plan, or other property as determined by our compensation
committee or under procedures established by our compensation committee. The maximum term of each option or stock appreciation right,
the times at which each option or stock appreciation right will be exercisable, and provisions requiring forfeiture of unexercised options
or stock appreciation rights at or following termination of employment or service generally will be fixed by our compensation committee,
except that no option or stock appreciation right may have a term exceeding 10 years, and no ISO granted to a 10% owner may have a term
exceeding five years (to the extent required by the Code at the time of grant). Methods of exercise and settlement and other terms of
options and stock appreciation rights will be determined by our compensation committee. Accordingly, our compensation committee may permit
the exercise price of options awarded under our 2025 Incentive Compensation Plan to be paid in cash, shares of our Class A Common
Stock, other awards under our 2025 Incentive Compensation Plan, or other property (including loans to participants). Our compensation
committee may grant stock appreciation rights in tandem with options (which we refer to as tandem stock appreciation rights)
under our 2025 Incentive Compensation Plan. A tandem stock appreciation right may be granted at the same time as the related option
is granted or, for options that are not ISOs, at any time thereafter before exercise or expiration of such option. A tandem stock appreciation
right may only be exercised when the related option would be exercisable and the fair market value of the shares of our Class A Common
Stock subject to the related option exceeds the options exercise price. Any option related to a tandem stock appreciation right
will no longer be exercisable to the extent the tandem stock appreciation right has been exercised, and any tandem stock appreciation
right will no longer be exercisable to the extent the related option has been exercised.

164

Performance
Awards

Under
our 2025 Incentive Compensation Plan, our compensation committee will be authorized to grant performance awards to participants on terms
and conditions established by our compensation committee. The performance criteria to be achieved during any performance period and the
length of the performance period will be determined by our compensation committee upon the grant of the performance award. Performance
awards may be settled by delivery of cash, shares of our Class A Common Stock or other property, or any combination thereof, as determined
by our compensation committee.

After
the end of each performance period, our compensation committee will determine and certify whether the performance goals have been achieved.
In determining the achievement of such performance goals, our compensation committee may, at the time the performance goals are set,
require that those goals be determined by excluding the impact of (i) any restructurings, discontinued operations, extraordinary items
(as defined pursuant to generally accepted accounting principles), and other unusual or non-recurring charges, (ii) any changes in accounting
standards required by generally accepted accounting principles, or (iii) such other exclusions or adjustments as our compensation committee
specifies at the time the award is granted.

Other
Stock-Based Awards

Under
our 2025 Incentive Compensation Plan, our compensation committee will be authorized to grant other stock-based awards valued in whole
or in part by reference to, or otherwise based on, shares of our Class A Common Stock. Our compensation committee will determine the
terms and conditions of such other stock-based awards, including the number of shares of Class A Common Stock to be granted pursuant
to such other stock-based awards, the manner in which such other stock-based awards will be settled (e.g., in shares of our Class A Common
Stock, cash or other property), and the conditions to the vesting and payment of such other stock-based awards (including the achievement
of performance objectives).

Other
Terms of Awards

Awards
granted under our 2025 Incentive Compensation Plan may be settled in the form of cash, shares of our Class A Common Stock, other awards
or other property, in the discretion of our compensation committee. Our compensation committee may require or permit participants to
defer the settlement of all or part of an award in accordance with such terms and conditions as our compensation committee may establish.
Our compensation committee will be authorized to place cash, shares of our Class A Common Stock, or other property in trusts or make
other arrangements to provide for payment of our obligations under our 2025 Incentive Compensation Plan. Our compensation committee may
condition any payment relating to an award on the withholding of taxes and may provide that a portion of any shares of our Class A Common
Stock or other property to be distributed will be withheld (or that previously acquired shares or other property be surrendered by the
participant) to satisfy withholding and other tax obligations. Awards granted under our 2025 Incentive Compensation Plan generally may
not be pledged or otherwise encumbered and are not transferable except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, or to a designated
beneficiary upon the participants death, except that our compensation committee may, in its discretion, permit transfers, subject
to any terms and conditions our compensation committee may impose pursuant to the express terms of an award agreement. A beneficiary,
transferee, or other person claiming any rights under our 2025 Incentive Compensation Plan from or through any participant will be subject
to all terms and conditions of our 2025 Incentive Compensation Plan and any award agreement applicable to such participant, except as
otherwise determined by our compensation committee, and to any additional terms and conditions deemed necessary or appropriate by our
compensation committee.

Awards
under our 2025 Incentive Compensation Plan generally will be granted without a requirement that the participant pay consideration in
the form of cash or property for the grant (as distinguished from the exercise), except to the extent required by law. Our compensation
committee may, however, grant awards in exchange for other awards under our 2025 Incentive Compensation Plan, awards under other plans
of our Company, or other rights to payment from our Company, and may grant awards in addition to and in tandem with such other awards,
rights or other awards.

165

Acceleration
of Vesting; Change in Control

Subject
to certain limitations, our compensation committee may, in its discretion, accelerate the exercisability, the lapsing of restrictions,
or the expiration of deferral or vesting periods of any award granted under our 2025 Incentive Compensation Plan. In the event of a change
in control of our Company (as defined under our 2025 Incentive Compensation Plan), and only to the extent provided in any employment
or other agreement between the participant and our Company or any related entity, or in any award agreement, or to the extent otherwise
determined by our compensation committee in its sole discretion in each particular case, (i) any option or stock appreciation right that
was not previously vested and exercisable at the time of the change in control will become immediately vested and exercisable,
(ii) any restrictions, deferral of settlement and forfeiture conditions applicable to a restricted stock award, restricted stock unit
award or another stock-based award subject only to future service requirements will lapse and such awards will be deemed fully vested,
and (iii) with respect to any outstanding award subject to achievement of performance goals and conditions under our 2025 Incentive Compensation
Plan, our compensation committee may, in its discretion, consider such awards to have been earned and payable based on actual achievement
of performance goals as measured immediately prior to the consummation of the change in control, or based upon target performance (either
in full or pro-rata based on the portion of the performance period completed as of the change in control).

Subject
to any limitations contained in our 2025 Incentive Compensation Plan relating to the vesting of awards in the event of any merger, consolidation
or other reorganization in which our Company does not survive, or in the event of any change in control, the agreement
relating to such transaction and/or our compensation committee may provide for: (i) the continuation of the outstanding awards by our
Company, if our Company is a surviving entity, (ii) the assumption or substitution for outstanding awards by the surviving entity or
its parent or subsidiary pursuant to the provisions contained in our 2025 Incentive Compensation Plan, (iii) full exercisability or vesting
and accelerated expiration of the outstanding awards, (iv) replacement of the outstanding awards with other rights or property selected
by our compensation committee, or (v) settlement of the value of the vested portion of the outstanding awards in cash or cash equivalents
or other property followed by cancellation of such awards. The foregoing actions may be taken without the consent or agreement of a participant
in our 2025 Incentive Compensation Plan and without any requirement that all such participants be treated consistently.

Other
Adjustments

Under
our 2025 Incentive Compensation Plan, our compensation committee or our Board of Directors will be authorized to make adjustments in
the terms and conditions of, and the criteria included in, awards (i) in recognition of unusual or nonrecurring events (including, without
limitation, acquisitions and dispositions of businesses and assets) affecting our Company, any subsidiary or any business unit, or our
financial statements, (ii) in response to changes in applicable laws, regulations, accounting principles, tax rates and regulations,
or business conditions, or (iii) in view of our compensation committees assessment of the business strategy of our Company, any
subsidiary or business unit, performance of comparable organizations, economic and business conditions, personal performance of a participant,
and any other circumstances deemed relevant.

Amendment;
Termination

Our
Board of Directors may amend, alter, suspend, discontinue or terminate our 2025 Incentive Compensation Plan or our compensation committees
authority to grant awards without the consent of stockholders or participants or beneficiaries, except that stockholder approval must
be obtained for any amendment or alteration if such approval is required by law or regulation or under the rules of any stock exchange
or quotation system on which shares of our Class A Common Stock may then be listed or quoted; provided, that, except as otherwise permitted
by our 2025 Incentive Compensation Plan or an award agreement, without the consent of an affected participant, no such action by our
Board of Directors may materially and adversely affect the rights of such participant under the terms of any previously granted and outstanding
award. Our compensation committee may waive any conditions or rights under, or amend, alter, suspend, discontinue or terminate any award
theretofore granted and any award agreement relating thereto, except as otherwise provided in our 2025 Incentive Compensation Plan; provided,
that, except as otherwise permitted by our 2025 Incentive Compensation Plan or award agreement, without the consent of an affected participant,
no such action by our compensation committee or our Board of Directors may materially and adversely affect the rights of such participant
under terms of such award.

166

Our
2025 Incentive Compensation Plan will terminate at the earliest of (i) such time as no shares of our Class A Common Stock remain available
for issuance under our 2025 Incentive Compensation Plan, (ii) termination of our 2025 Incentive Compensation Plan by our Board of Directors,
or (iii) the tenth anniversary of the effective date of our 2025 Incentive Compensation Plan. Awards outstanding upon termination or
expiration of our 2025 Incentive Compensation Plan will remain in effect until they have been exercised or terminated, or have expired.

Initial
Awards under our 2025 Incentive Compensation Plan

Immediately
following the completion of the Spin-Off, we intend to grant the following awards to our non-executive directors under our 2025 Incentive
Compensation Plan:

Name
of Grantee Type
and Amount of Award(1)

Non-Executive
Directors 

Kenneth
J. Anderson Stock
options with respect to 10,000 shares of Class A Common Stock

Lynne
Collier Stock
options with respect to 10,000 shares of Class A Common Stock

James
Ellis Stock
options with respect to 10,000 shares of Class A Common Stock

David
Jobe Stock
options with respect to 10,000 shares of Class A Common Stock

(1) The
stock options reflected in this table will vest ratably in three equal installments every
year from the date of grant, subject to such grantees continued service on our Board
of Directors.

Twin
Hospitality Group Management Equity Plan

In connection with the Reorganization and the Spin-Off,
prior to the completion of the Spin-Off, we expect our Board of Directors to approve and adopt, and we intend to submit to our
stockholders for approval, the Twin Hospitality Group Inc. Management Equity Plan (which we refer to as the Management Equity
Plan), pursuant to which we intend to grant restricted stock unit (which we refer to as RSU) awards on a one-time
basis to key officers and employees of our Company in connection with the Spin-Off. The Management Equity Plan will reserve 4,742,346
shares of our Class A Common Stock for RSU awards, and we intend to grant RSU awards with respect to all such reserved shares. The RSUs
to be granted under the Management Equity Plan will represent a right to receive shares of our Class A Common Stock, including dividend
equivalent payments with respect to such underlying shares that are payable after the date of grant of such RSUs until such RSUs have
vested and such underlying shares are issued. The RSUs to be granted under the Management Equity Plan are separate and distinct from
awards granted under our 2025 Incentive Compensation Plan.

Following
the completion of the Spin-Off and the settlement of outstanding RSUs, the Management Equity Plan will terminate.

The
following are key features of the RSUs that will be granted under the Management Equity Plan:

The
RSUs will vest and be settled in four tranches as follows: (i) 25% on the six-month
anniversary of the Spin-Off; (ii) 25% on January 2, 2026; (iii) 25% on January
2, 2027; and (iv) 25% on January 2, 2028, in each case, subject to the continued
employment of the award holder through the vesting date.

Each vested RSU will entitle the holder to receive one share of our Class A Common Stock,
subject to the recipient executing, if requested by our Company, a general release of claims against our Company. If, however, the
award holder is terminated for Cause (as defined in the Management Equity Plan), such RSUs will be forfeited, even if vested.

Each RSU will contain a corresponding dividend equivalent unit, which will entitle
the holder to receive a cash payment equal to the dividends, if any, that are payable with respect to the underlying share of Class
A Common Stock after the date of grant of such RSU and through the vesting and settlement of such RSU and date of issuance of such
underlying share. These dividend equivalent units will be accumulated and paid at the same time and to the same extent that the related
RSUs are settled.

The RSUs may be adjusted for stock splits, recapitalizations, or other similar corporate reorganizations.

Because the purpose of the Management Equity Plan is to provide one-time RSU awards to our key officers and employees in connection with the Spin-Off, if all or any portion of a RSU award is forfeited, then the shares of Class A Common Stock underlying such forfeited RSUs will not be added back to the pool of shares of Class A Common Stock reserved and available for awards under the Management Equity Plan, but will be issued to FAT Brands as fully-paid shares of Class A Common Stock immediately following such forfeiture.

167

We
intend to grant to our Named Executive Officers, other officers, and employees RSU awards under the Management Equity Plan, each
of which will be vested and settled as described above, as set forth below:

Name of Grantee Value
of RSUs to be Granted* 

Number of RSUs to be Granted 

Named Executive Officers 

Joseph Hummel $ 

47,423,460 

2,371,173 

Clay C. Mingus $ 

14,227,020 

711,351 

Michael Locey $ 

5,690,800 

284,540 

Other Officers and Employees 

(as a group (12 persons)) $ 

27,505,640 

1,375,282 

* 

The value of the RSUs assumes a value
of $20.00 per share of our Class A Common Stock.

Director
Compensation

Executive
Directors

We
do not pay any compensation to our directors who also serve as executive officers of our Company (which we refer to as executive
directors) for their services as directors on our Board of Directors. Currently, our only executive director is Joseph Hummel,
who is our Chief Executive Officer. See Executive CompensationSummary Compensation Table and Components
of Executive Compensation above for a description of the compensation we paid in 2024 and 2023 to Mr. Hummel
in his capacity as our Chief Executive Officer.

Non-Executive
Director Compensation Program

We
currently have five directors on our Board
of Directors, of which we believe that four directors, Kenneth J. Anderson, Lynne Collier, James Ellis, and David Jobe, are considered
independent, as determined in accordance with the independence standards of the Nasdaq
Listing Rules (which we refer to as non-executive directors).

In
connection with the Reorganization, our Board of Directors has established a compensation program for our non-executive directors, pursuant
to which we will pay the following fee and grant the following equity award to each of our non-executive directors following their
respective elections or re-elections at each annual meeting of our stockholders:

an
annual cash retainer of $100,000; and

an
annual grant of stock options exercisable for 10,000 shares of our Class A Common Stock,
which will vest ratably in three equal installments every year from the date of grant, subject
to continued service on our Board of Directors.

We
will also reimburse our independent directors for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with the performance of their
duties as directors, including, without limitation, travel expenses in connection with their attendance in person at meetings of our
Board of Directors and its committees.

168

SECURITY
OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

The
following table and accompanying footnotes set forth certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our Common Stock,
immediately prior to and immediately after the completion of the Spin-Off, by:

each
of our Named Executive Officers and directors individually;

all
of our Named Executive Officers and directors as a group; and

each
person or entity (or group of affiliated persons or entities) known by us to beneficially
own 5% or more of the outstanding shares of our Common Stock.

To
our knowledge, each stockholder named in the table has sole voting and investment power with respect to all of the shares of our Common
Stock shown as beneficially owned (as determined by the rules of the SEC) by such stockholder, except as otherwise set
forth in the footnotes to the table. The SEC has defined beneficial ownership of a security to mean the possession, directly
or indirectly, of voting power and/or investment power. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange
Act. A person is deemed to be the beneficial owner of any shares of Common Stock if that person has or shares voting power and/or investment
power with respect to those shares or has the right to acquire beneficial ownership at any time within 60 days.

The
percentages in the table below reflect beneficial ownership immediately prior to, and immediately after, the completion of the Spin-Off,
and are based on 47,298,271 shares of our Class A Common Stock and 2,870,000 shares of our Class B Common Stock outstanding
as of the date immediately prior to, and as of the date immediately following, the completion of the Spin-Off.

169

Unless
otherwise noted below, the address for each of the stockholders listed in the table below is c/o Twin Hospitality Group Inc., 5151 Belt
Line Road, Suite 1200, Dallas, Texas 75254.

Common
Stock Beneficially Owned Immediately Prior to the Spin-Off 

Common
Stock Beneficially Owned Immediately After the Spin-Off 

Class
A 

Common
Stock 

Class
B 

Common
Stock %
of Total 

Class
A 

Common
Stock 

Class
B 

Common
Stock %
of Total 

Name
of Beneficial Owner Shares %
of Class 

Shares 

%
of Class 

Voting
Power Shares %
of Class 

Shares 

%
of Class 

Voting
Power 

Named
Executive Officers and Directors: 

Joseph
Hummel * * 

* * 

Kenneth
J. Kuick * * 

16,722 * 

* 

Clay
C. Mingus 

* * 

* * 

Michael
Locey * * 

* * 

Kenneth
J. Anderson * * 27,783 * * 

Lynne
Collier * * 1,520 * * 

James
Ellis * * * 

* 

David
Jobe * * * * 

All
of our Named Executive Officers and directors as a group (eight persons) * * 

46,025 

* * 

5%
or more Stockholders: 

FAT
Brands Inc.(4) 

47,298,271 100 % 

2,870,000 100 % 

100 % 

44,571,771 94.2 % 

2,870,000 100 % 

98.6 %

* Represents
less than 1% of the number of outstanding shares of our Class A Common Stock or Class B Common
Stock, as applicable.

Represents
less than 1% of the total voting power of our Common Stock.

170

CERTAIN
RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

Other
than the compensation arrangements for our executive officers and directors, which are described above in the section entitled Executive
and Director Compensation, this section describes transactions, or series of related transactions, during our last three fiscal
years or as currently proposed, to which we were a party or will be a party, in which:

the
amount involved exceeded or will exceed $120,000; and

any
of our executive officers or directors, or the beneficial owners
of 5% or more of the outstanding shares of any class of our Common Stock, or any members
of the immediate family of, or any entity affiliated with, any such person, had or will have
a direct or indirect material interest.

Historical
Relationship Between the Twin Group and FAT Brands

The
Twin Group was acquired by FAT Brands in October 2021, and prior to the Reorganization and the Spin-Off, the Twin Group was comprised
of a number of companies that were wholly-owned subsidiaries of FAT Brands. Accordingly, prior to the Reorganization and the Spin-Off,
we have operated as part of FAT Brands broader corporate organization.

Prior
Securitization Management Agreement

In
connection with the Prior Securitization Notes, the Top Tier Twin Subsidiary and FAT Brands entered into a management agreement (which
we refer to as the Prior Securitization Management Agreement), pursuant to which FAT Brands, on behalf of the Top Tier
Twin Subsidiary, was responsible for managing the assets securing the Prior Securitization Notes. Upon the completion of the call and
redemption of all of the Prior Securitization Notes (as described in Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of OperationsLiquidity and Capital Resources Prior Securitization NotesCall and Redemption
of the Prior Securitization Notes), the Prior Securitization Management Agreement was terminated.

Agreements
to be Entered into with FAT Brands in Connection with the Reorganization

In
connection with the Reorganization, we will enter into the following agreements with FAT Brands that will provide a framework for our
ongoing relationship with FAT Brands.

Sale
and Contribution Agreement

In
connection with the Reorganization, in November 2024, we entered into a Sale and Contribution Agreement with FAT Brands (which we refer
to as the Sale and Contribution Agreement), pursuant to which (i) FAT Brands sold and assigned to us the equity interests
in the Top Tier Twin Subsidiary equivalent to $1.0 million in fair value, in exchange for the payment by us to FAT Brands of $1.0 million,
and (ii) FAT Brands contributed and assigned to us all of the remaining equity interests in the Top Tier Twin Subsidiary. Following such
sale and contribution by FAT Brands to us of all of the outstanding equity interests in the Top Tier Twin Subsidiary pursuant to the
Sale and Contribution Agreement, the Top Tier Twin Subsidiary, along with all of the other companies in the Twin Group, became direct
or indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries of our Company.

Master
Separation and Distribution Agreement

In
connection with the Reorganization, we will enter into a Master Separation and Distribution Agreement with FAT Brands (which we refer
to as the Master Separation and Distribution Agreement), which contains provisions relating to the Reorganization and the
conduct of the Spin-Off and future transactions, and will govern the relationship between our Company and FAT Brands following the Reorganization
and the Spin-Off. Unless otherwise provided by specific provisions of the Master Separation and Distribution Agreement, the Master Separation
and Distribution Agreement will terminate on the date that is the five-year anniversary of the date upon which FAT Brands ceases to beneficially
own at least 20% of the outstanding shares of our Common Stock. The provisions of the Master Separation and Distribution Agreement relating
to our cooperation with FAT Brands in connection with future litigation will survive seven years after the termination of the Master
Separation and Distribution Agreement, the provisions relating to registration rights that we will provide to FAT Brands will survive
in accordance with the terms described under Registration Rights below, and the provisions relating to respective
indemnification by our Company and FAT Brands, and certain other provisions, will survive indefinitely. The following sets forth the
key terms of the Master Separation and Distribution Agreement.

Share
Exchange. Pursuant to the
Master Separation and Distribution Agreement, FAT Brands will exchange all 5,000 shares of Class A Common Stock that it currently holds
(representing 100% of the issued and outstanding capital stock of our Company) for 47,298,271 shares of our Class A Common Stock
and 2,870,000 shares of our Class B Common Stock, which will be issued by us to FAT Brands.

171

The
Spin-Off. Under the Master Separation and Distribution Agreement, we will agree to use our commercially reasonable efforts to
satisfy certain conditions precedent to the completion of the Spin-Off, which include, among others, that FAT Brands is satisfied, in
its sole discretion, that it will beneficially own at least 80.1% of our outstanding Common Stock immediately following the consummation
of the Spin-Off, and that no order, injunction or decree issued by any court or agency of competent jurisdiction, or other legal restraint
or prohibition, preventing the consummation of the Spin-Off or any other transactions contemplated by the Master Separation and Distribution
Agreement will be in effect. FAT Brands may, in its sole discretion, choose to proceed with or abandon the Spin-Off. 

Registration
Rights. The shares of our Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock held by FAT Brands immediately after the Spin-Off will
be deemed restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act), and as such, FAT Brands may only sell
a limited number of such shares into the public markets without registration under the Securities Act. Therefore, under the Master Separation
and Distribution Agreement, we will agree to provide to FAT Brands, after the date that is 180 days after the closing of the Spin-Off,
certain registration rights to register the shares of our Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock held by it. At the request of
FAT Brands, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to register the shares of our Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock
that are held by FAT Brands after the completion of the Spin-Off, or subsequently acquired, for public sale under the Securities Act
on a registration statement on Form S-1 or any similar long form registration statement (which we refer to as a Long-Form Registration),
or on a registration statement on Form S-3 or any similar short form registration statement at such time we qualify to use such short
from registration statement (which we refer to as a Short-Form Registration). FAT Brands may request up to two Long-Form
Registrations and up to two Short-Form Registrations in any calendar year, though no Long-Form Registrations may be requested after such
time as we are eligible to use Form S-3 or any similar short form registration statement at such time. FAT Brands may also request that
we file a resale shelf registration statement to register under the Securities Act the resale of all of its registrable shares after
such time as we are eligible to use Form S-3 or any similar short form registration statement at such time. Additionally, we will also
provide FAT Brands with piggy-back registration rights to include its shares of our Class A Common Stock and Class B Common
Stock in future registrations under the Securities Act of offers and sales of our securities by us or others. FAT Brands may request
up to three of these piggy-back registrations. FAT Brands registration rights will remain in effect until the earliest
of the date on which the shares of our Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock held by FAT Brands (i) have been disposed of in
accordance with an effective registration statement, (ii) have been distributed to the public in accordance with Rule 144 under the Securities
Act, or may be sold without restriction pursuant to Rule 144, (iii) have been otherwise transferred to a non-affiliated entity, or (iv)
have ceased to be outstanding. We have agreed to cooperate in these registrations and related offerings. All expenses payable in connection
with such registrations will be paid by us, except that FAT Brands will pay all its own internal administrative, legal and similar costs
and expenses, as well as the underwriting discounts and commissions applicable to the sale of its shares of our Class A Common Stock
and Class B Common Stock in such registrations and related offerings.

Potential
FAT Brands Distribution. Under the Master Separation and Distribution Agreement, we will agree to cooperate with FAT Brands,
and at its request, to promptly take any and all actions reasonably necessary or desirable to effect the Potential FAT Brands Distribution.
FAT Brands will determine, in its sole discretion, whether to proceed with the Potential FAT Brands Distribution, the timing of the Potential
FAT Brands Distribution, and the form, structure and all other terms of any transaction to effect the Potential FAT Brands Distribution.
The Potential FAT Brands Distribution may not occur at all. At any time prior to completion of the Potential FAT Brands Distribution,
FAT Brands may decide to abandon the Potential FAT Brands Distribution, or may modify or change the terms of the Potential FAT Brands
Distribution, which could have the effect of accelerating or delaying the timing of the Potential FAT Brands Distribution. See also ReorganizationPotential
FAT Brands Distribution and Tax Matters Agreement below.

172

Anti-Dilution
Option. Under the Master Separation and Distribution Agreement, we will grant FAT Brands a continuing right to purchase from
us shares of our Class A Common Stock as is necessary for FAT Brands to maintain an aggregate ownership interest of our Common Stock
representing at least 80.1% of the outstanding shares of our Common Stock or at least 80.1% of the outstanding shares of our Class A
Common Stock (which we refer to as the Anti-Dilution Option). The Anti-Dilution Option may be exercised by FAT Brands in
connection with any issuance by us of shares of our Class A Common Stock. If we sell and issue shares of our Class A Common Stock for
cash consideration, and if FAT Brands exercises the Anti-Dilution Option, FAT Brands will pay a price per share of Class A Common Stock
equal to the closing price of our Class A Common Stock as quoted on the Nasdaq Global Market on the date such offering is
publicly announced (or the next business day if such offering is publicly announced after the close of trading on the Nasdaq Global Market).
If we (i) issue shares of our Class A Common Stock pursuant to any stock option or other equity incentive award, or (ii) sell and
issue shares of our Class A Common Stock for consideration other than cash, and if FAT Brands exercises the Anti-Dilution Option, FAT
Brands will pay a price per share of Class A Common Stock equal to the closing price of our Class A Common Stock as quoted on the Nasdaq
Global Market on the date of such issuance (which triggered the Anti-Dilution Option). The Anti-Dilution Option will terminate
on the date that the Potential FAT Brands Distribution is completed.

Indemnification.
Under the Master Separation and Distribution Agreement, we and FAT Brands will have cross-indemnities that generally place on us and
our subsidiaries the financial responsibility for all liabilities associated with the historical and current businesses and operations
of the Twin Group, and generally place on FAT Brands the financial responsibility for liabilities associated with all of FAT Brands
other historical and current businesses and operations (not including the businesses and operations of the Twin Group), in each case
regardless of the time such liabilities arise. Each of our Company and FAT Brands will also indemnify the other with respect to any breaches
of the Master Separation and Distribution Agreement and the Tax Matters Agreement.

We
will indemnify FAT Brands against liabilities arising from misstatements or omissions of material fact in this Information Statement
or in the Registration Statement on Form 10, of which this Information Statement is a part, except for misstatements or omissions of
material fact with respect to information that FAT Brands provided to us specifically for inclusion in this Information Statement or
the Registration Statement on Form 10, of which this Information Statement is a part. We will also indemnify FAT Brands against liabilities
arising from any misstatements or omissions of material fact in our subsequent SEC filings, and with respect to information we provide
to FAT Brands specifically for inclusion in FAT Brands SEC filings following the completion of the Spin-Off, but only to the extent
that such information pertains to us or our business, FAT Brands provides us with prior written notice that such information will be
included in its SEC filings, and the liability does not result from any action or inaction by FAT Brands.

FAT
Brands will indemnify us for liabilities arising from misstatements or omissions of material fact with respect to information that FAT
Brands provided to us specifically for inclusion in this Information Statement or the Registration Statement on Form 10, of which this
Information Statement is a part, to the extent that such information pertains to FAT Brands or its business. FAT Brands will also indemnify
us against liabilities arising from information that FAT Brands provides to us specifically for inclusion in our SEC filings following
the completion of the Spin-Off, but only to the extent that such information pertains to FAT Brands or its business, we provide FAT Brands
with prior written notice that such information will be included in our SEC filings, and the liability does not result from any action
or inaction by us.

Release.
The Master Separation and Distribution Agreement contains a general release for liabilities arising from events occurring on or before
the time of the Spin-Off (which we refer to as the Release). Under the Release, we will release FAT Brands, its subsidiaries,
and each of their respective directors, officers and employees, and FAT Brands will release us, our subsidiaries, and each of our respective
directors, officers and employees, from any liabilities arising from past events between us on the one hand, and FAT Brands on the other
hand, occurring on or before the time of the Spin-Off, including in connection with the activities to implement and effect the Spin-Off.
The Release does not apply to liabilities allocated between the parties under the Master Separation and Distribution Agreement or the
Tax Matters Agreement, or to other ongoing contractual arrangements.

Financial,
Accounting, and other Information. Under the Master Separation and Distribution Agreement, we will agree to use our commercially
reasonable efforts to enable our auditors to complete a sufficient portion of our audit, and to provide on a timely basis to FAT Brands
any and all financial and other information that FAT Brands may need to in connection with the preparation of its annual and quarterly
financial statements.

173

Non-Solicitation.
Under the Master Separation and Distribution Agreement, for a period of two years following the completion of the Spin-Off, we and FAT
Brands will agree not to, directly or indirectly, solicit the others active employees without the prior consent by the other.

Board
Observer Rights. Under the Master Separation and Distribution Agreement, for so long as FAT Brands or its affiliates beneficially
owns at least 10% of the outstanding shares of our Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock, FAT Brands will have the right to appoint
two individuals (which we refer to as the Board Observers) to observe and participate in meetings of our Board of Directors,
provided, however, that the Board Observers will not have any voting rights. The Board Observers will have the right to attend all meetings,
including telephonically or through other means of communication, of our Board of Directors, any committees thereof, or any board or
any committees thereof of any of our subsidiaries, as applicable.

Notifiable
Transactions. Under the Master Separation and Distribution Agreement, FAT Brands will agree to use its commercially reasonable
efforts to provide advance notice to our Board of Directors in the event that FAT Brands intends to pursue a transaction (even if no
such transaction is imminent or probable at such time) that is reasonably expected to cause FAT Brands beneficial ownership of
our outstanding Common Stock to fall below 50%.

Expenses.
The Master Separation and Distribution Agreement provides that (i) all costs and expenses of the respective parties which are capitalizable
in accordance with GAAP and applicable SEC rules in connection with the Spin-Off will be payable by us, and (ii) all costs and expenses
of the respective parties incurred prior to or upon the consummation of the Spin-Off and which are not capitalizable in accordance with
GAAP and applicable SEC rules, and all costs and expenses of the Parties in connection with any matter not relating to the Spin-Off,
will be payable by the party which is the primary beneficiary of the relevant services (as reasonably agreed between the parties), and
any shared costs and expenses of the parties will be apportioned between the parties in such proportions as may be reasonably agreed
between the parties.

Tax
Matters Agreement

In
connection with the Reorganization, we will enter into a tax matters agreement with FAT Brands (which we refer to as the Tax Matters
Agreement). The Tax Matters Agreement will govern our and FAT Brands respective rights, responsibilities and obligations
with respect to certain tax matters (including tax liabilities, tax attributes, tax returns, and tax audits).

Prior
to the Reorganization, the income, assets and operations of each member of the Twin Group (excluding Barbeque Integrated, Inc.) were
included in the income tax returns filed by FAT Brands consolidated group for U.S. federal income tax purposes (which we refer
to as the FAT Brands Consolidated Group) as disregarded entities of FAT Brands, and Barbeque Integrated, Inc. was included
in the FAT Brands Consolidated Group after FAT Brands acquired Barbeque Integrated, Inc. in September 2023. Following the Reorganization,
the Twin Group, including Barbeque Integrated, Inc., were, and, if FAT Brands maintains an aggregate ownership of our Common Stock representing
at least 80% of our Common Stock, will continue to be, included in the FAT Brands Consolidated Group, as well as in certain other consolidated,
combined or unitary groups that include FAT Brands and/or certain of its subsidiaries (each such group, a FAT Brands Tax Group).
Each member of a consolidated group during any part of a consolidated return year is jointly and severally liable for the tax on the
consolidated return of such year and for any subsequently determined deficiency thereon. Similarly, in some jurisdictions, each member
of a consolidated, combined or unitary group for state, local or foreign income tax purposes is jointly and severally liable for the
state, local or foreign income tax liability of each other member of such consolidated, combined or unitary group. Accordingly, although
the Tax Matters Agreement allocates tax liabilities between us and FAT Brands, for any period in which any member of the Twin Group was
included in the FAT Brands Consolidated Group or any FAT Brands Tax Group, we could be liable in the event that any income tax liability
was incurred, but not discharged, by any other member of the FAT Brands Consolidated Group or any FAT Brands Tax Group, as the case may
be.

Under
the Tax Matters Agreement, we will generally make payments to FAT Brands such that, with respect to tax returns for any taxable period
in which any of the Twin Group are included in the FAT Brands Consolidated Group or any FAT Brands Tax Group, the amount of taxes to
be paid by us will be determined by computing the excess (if any) of any taxes due on any such tax return over the amount that would
otherwise be due if such return were recomputed by excluding the Twin Group. We will be responsible for any taxes with respect to tax
returns that include only the Twin Group.

The
Tax Matters Agreement provides that FAT Brands will generally have the right to control audits or other tax proceedings with respect
to any tax returns of the FAT Brands Consolidated Group or a FAT Brands Tax Group. We will generally have the right to control any audits
or other tax proceedings with respect to tax returns that include only the Twin Group, provided that, as long as FAT Brands is required
to consolidate the results of operations and financial position of the Twin Group in its financial statements, FAT Brands will have certain
oversight and participation rights with respect to such audits or other tax proceedings.

174

As
of the date of this Information Statement, FAT Brands has advised us that it does not have a definite present plan to undertake the Potential
FAT Brands Distribution. However, because FAT Brands intends to retain the ability to engage in the Potential FAT Brands Distribution
in the future, the Tax Matters Agreement also addresses our and FAT Brands respective rights, responsibilities and obligations
with respect to the Potential FAT Brands Distribution. If FAT Brands were to decide to undertake the Potential FAT Brands Distribution,
we have agreed to cooperate with FAT Brands and to take any and all actions reasonably requested by FAT Brands in connection with the
Potential FAT Brands Distribution. We have also agreed not to knowingly take or fail to take any actions that could reasonably be expected
to preclude FAT Brands ability to undertake the Potential FAT Brands Distribution, or result in the Potential FAT Brands Distribution
failing to qualify as a transaction that is generally tax-free, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, under Section 355 of the Code.
In the event that FAT Brands completes the Potential FAT Brands Distribution, we have agreed not to take certain actions, during the
two-year period following the Potential FAT Brands Distribution, that are designed to preserve the tax-free nature of the Potential FAT
Brands Distribution for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Specifically, during such period, except in specific circumstances, we and
our subsidiaries generally would be prohibited from taking the following actions without first obtaining the opinion of tax counsel or
an IRS ruling to the effect that such actions will not result in the Potential FAT Brands Distribution failing to qualify as a tax-free
spin-off: (i) ceasing to conduct our business, (ii) entering into certain transactions pursuant to which all or a portion of the shares
of our Common Stock or certain of our and our subsidiaries assets would be acquired, (iii) liquidating, merging or consolidating
with any other person, (iv) issuing equity securities beyond certain thresholds, (v) repurchasing our shares other than in certain open-market
transactions, (vi) amending our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or taking any other action that would affect the voting
rights of our capital stock, or (vii) taking or failing to take any other action that would be reasonably likely to cause the Potential
FAT Brands Distribution to fail to qualify as a transaction that is generally tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Additionally,
we generally will be responsible for, among other things, (a) any taxes resulting from the failure of the Potential FAT Brands Distribution
to qualify as a tax-free transaction to the extent such taxes are attributable to, or result from, any action or failure to act by us,
or certain transactions involving us following the Potential FAT Brands Distribution, and (b) a percentage of such taxes to the extent
such taxes are not attributable to, or do not result from, any action or failure to act by either us or FAT Brands.

Indemnification
of Directors and Officers

Our
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation includes provisions limiting the liability of our directors and officers, and
our Amended and Restated Bylaws provide that we will indemnify each of our directors and executive officers to the fullest extent
permitted under Delaware law. Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and our Amended and Restated Bylaws also provide
our Board of Directors with discretion to indemnify our other officers, employees, and agents when determined appropriate by our Board
of Directors. Additionally, we have entered or will enter into an indemnification agreement with each of our directors and executive
officers, which requires us to indemnify them in certain circumstances. For more information regarding these indemnification provisions,
see Description of Capital StockLimitations on Liability and Indemnification of Directors and Officers.

Related
Party Transactions Policies and Procedures

In
connection with the Reorganization, we will adopt a written Related Person Transaction Policy (which we refer to as the Related
Person Transaction Policy), which will set forth our policies and procedures with respect to the review, approval, ratification
and disclosure of all related person transactions. In accordance with the Related Person Transaction Policy, our Audit Committee will
have overall responsibility for implementation of, and compliance with, the Related Person Transaction Policy.

175

For
purposes of the Related Person Transaction Policy, a related person transaction is a transaction, arrangement or relationship
(or any series of similar transactions, arrangements or relationships) in which (i) we were, are or will be a participant, (ii) the amount
involved exceeded, exceeds or will exceed $120,000, and (iii) any related person (as defined in the Related Person Transaction Policy)
had, has or will have a direct or indirect material interest. A related person transaction does not include any employment
relationship or transaction involving an executive officer and any related compensation resulting solely from such employment relationship
that has been reviewed and approved by our Board of Directors or our Compensation Committee, as applicable. A related person
includes (a) our directors and executive officers, (b) any 5% beneficial owner of our voting securities, and (c) any immediate family
member of the foregoing.

The
Related Person Transaction Policy will require that notice of a proposed related person transaction be provided to a designated compliance
officer prior to entry into such transaction. If the compliance officer determines that such transaction is a related person transaction,
the proposed transaction will be submitted to our Audit Committee for consideration at its next meeting. Under the Related Person Transaction
Policy, our Audit Committee may approve only those related person transactions that are in, or are not inconsistent with, the best interests
of our Company and our stockholders. In reviewing and approving any related party transaction, our Audit Committee is tasked with considering
all of the relevant facts and circumstances, including consideration of the various factors enumerated in the Related Person Transaction
Policy.

The
Related Person Transaction Policy will also provide that our Audit Committee continue to review and monitor certain previously approved
or ratified related person transactions that are ongoing to determine whether the related person transaction remains in our and our stockholders
best interests. Additionally, our Audit Committee will make periodic inquiries of directors and executive officers with respect to any
potential related person transaction to which they may be a party or of which they may be aware.

176

DESCRIPTION
OF CERTAIN INDEBTEDNESS

Twin
Securitization Notes

In
connection with the Reorganization and the Spin-Off, on November 21, 2024, the Top Tier Twin Subsidiary sold and issued, through a private
offering pursuant to Rule 144A and Regulation S under the Securities Act, the following
four tranches of fixed rate secured notes (which we refer to collectively as the Twin Securitization Notes), which have
an aggregate principal balance of $416,711,000 and a weighted average interest rate of 9.50% per annum:

Class Seniority Principal Balance Coupon Anticipated

Repayment Date Final Legal Maturity Date

A-2-I Super Senior $ 12,124,000 9.00 % 10/25/2027 10/26/2054

A-2-II Senior $ 269,257,000 9.00 % 10/25/2027 10/26/2054

B-2 Senior Subordinated $ 57,619,000 10.00 % 10/25/2027 10/26/2054

M-2 Subordinated $ 77,711,000 11.00 % 10/25/2027 10/26/2054

The
Twin Securitization Notes were issued pursuant to a Base Indenture, dated as of November 21, 2024 (which we refer to as the Base
Indenture) and the Series 2024-1 Supplement to Base Indenture, dated as of November 21, 2024 (which, together with the Base Indenture,
we refer to as the Indenture), each by and between the Top Tier Twin Subsidiary, as issuer of the Twin Securitization Notes,
and UMB Bank, N.A., as trustee (which we refer to as the Trustee) and securities intermediary. 

Payment
Terms and Repayments

Payments
of the principal and accrued interest on the Twin Securitization Notes are due on a quarterly basis on the 25th day of
each January, April, July and October (or if such date is not a business day, the next succeeding business day), in each case from
amounts that are available for payment thereon under the Base Indenture. The legal final maturity date of the Twin Securitization
Notes is October 26, 2054, however it is currently anticipated that, unless earlier prepaid to the extent permitted under the Base
Indenture, the Twin Securitization Notes will be repaid on October 25, 2027 (which we refer to as the Anticipated Repayment
Date). If the Top Tier Twin Subsidiary has not repaid or refinanced the Twin Securitization Notes by the Anticipated
Repayment Date, additional interest will accrue on the then outstanding balance of each class of the Twin Securitization Notes at a
rate of 5.0% per annum. Each class of the Twin Securitization Notes may be prepaid in whole or in part on any business day; provided
that optional prepayment made after the Anticipated Repayment Date must be applied first to Class A-2-I, second to Class A-2-II,
third to Class B-2, and fourth to Class M-2, of the Twin Securitization Notes.

Additionally, pursuant to the Base Indenture,
upon each Qualified Equity Offering (as defined in the Base Indenture), which is a public or private offering by us of
our common equity securities for cash, subject to certain limited exceptions, we are required to deposit 75% of the net proceeds from
such offering into a segregated, non-interest bearing trust account that the Top Tier Twin Subsidiary has established with the Trustee
to be used towards the repayment of the Twin Securitization Notes, until an aggregate of $75,000,000 has been repaid in that manner.
If the amount of net proceeds from our Qualified Equity Offerings used for repayment of the Twin Securitization Notes is not at least
$25,000,000 on or prior to each of April 25, 2025, July 25, 2025 and October 27, 2025, or is not at least $75,000,000 on or prior to
January 26, 2026, then under any such circumstance, a Cash Flow Sweeping Event (as defined in the Base Indenture) would
occur, whereupon certain excess cash flows from our operations will be used to make additional principal payments, on a pro rata basis,
on the three most senior classes of the Twin Securitization Notes.

Credit
Enhancement

Credit enhancement for the Twin Securitization
Notes provides protection against losses, delays in payment, and other shortfalls of cash flow. The credit enhancement for the Twin Securitization
Notes generally consists of a segregated, non-interest bearing reserve account that the Top Tier Twin Subsidiary has established with
the Trustee and funded with approximately $7.8 million at the closing of the sale and issuance of the Twin Securitization Notes (which
we refer to as the Reserve Account), and, with respect to each class of the Twin Securitization Notes, subordination of
certain payments as follows:

Class Credit
Enhancement

Class
A-2-I Payments
with respect to Classes A-2-II, B-2 and M-2 of the Twin Securitization Notes and the Reserve Account are subordinated to payments
with respect to Class A-2-I of the Twin Securitization Notes.

Class
A-2-II Payments
with respect to Classes B-2 and M-2 of the Twin Securitization Notes and the Reserve Account are subordinated to payments with respect
to Class A-2-II of the Twin Securitization Notes.

Class
B-2 Payments
with respect to Class M-2 of the Twin Securitization Notes and the Reserve Account are subordinated to payments with respect to Class
B-2 of the Twin Securitization Notes.

Class
M-2 None.

Notes
Guarantee and Collateral

The
Twin Securitization Notes are generally secured by security interests in substantially all of the assets of our subsidiaries. Under the
Base Indenture, the Top Tier Twin Subsidiary has granted to the Trustee, for the benefit of the secured parties (which include the holders
of the Twin Securitization Notes), a security interest in substantially all of its assets to secure its obligations under the Indenture.
Additionally, all of our other subsidiaries other than the Top Tier Twin Subsidiary (which we refer to collectively as the Guarantors)
entered into a Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, dated November 21, 2024 (which we refer to as the Guarantee and Collateral
Agreement), in favor of the Trustee, pursuant to which the Guarantors are (i) jointly and severally guaranteeing the payment obligations
on the Twin Securitization Notes and the other obligations of the Top Tier Twin Peaks Subsidiary under the Indenture and the other securitization
transaction agreements, and (ii) securing such guarantees by the grant to the Trustee, for the benefit of the secured parties (which
include the holders of the Twin Securitization Notes), of a security interest in substantially all of their respective assets (which
we refer to as the Securitized Assets), which include all of the revenue-generating assets of the Guarantors.

Financial
Ratios

Under the terms of the Indenture, the Top Tier
Twin Subsidiary is required to maintain certain debt-service coverage ratios (which we refer to as the P&I DSCR), and
any failure to do so will trigger a Cash Flow Sweeping Event. The P&I DSCR is calculated by dividing (i) our net cash flow over the
four immediately preceding quarterly collection periods, by (ii) an amount equal to (a) the Debt Service (as defined in the Indenture),
multiplied by (b) four. In addition, the Top Tier Twin Subsidiary is required to maintain an interest-only debt-service coverage ratio
(which we refer to as the Interest-Only DSCR) greater than 1.10, and any failure to do so is an Event of Default (as defined
in the Base Indenture) under the terms of the Indenture (see Events of Default below). The Interest-Only
DSCR is calculated as of any quarterly calculation date without giving effect to the aggregate amount
of scheduled principal payments due with respect to the applicable quarterly collection period at the applicable quarterly payment
date.

177

Covenants
and Restrictions

The
Indenture and the Securitization Management Agreement (as described below under Securitization Management Agreement)
contain customary covenants by, and restrictions on, the Top Tier Twin Subsidiary and the Guarantors (which we refer to collectively
as the Securitization Entities) and our Company, including, among others:

the
Top Tier Twin Subsidiary must maintain specified reserve accounts to be used to make required payments under the Twin Securitization
Notes;

we
and the Securitization Entities must maintain certain debt service coverage ratios and leverage ratios;

the
sum of our System-Wide Sales must be at or above certain levels on certain measurement dates;

there
are provisions relating to optional and mandatory prepayments, and the related payment of specified amounts; and

there
are covenants relating to recordkeeping, access to information, and similar matters.

Additionally,
the Indenture and the Securitization Management Agreement contain various covenants that limit the ability of the Securitization Entities
to engage in specified types of transactions. For example, the Indenture and the Securitization Management Agreement contain covenants
that, among other things, restrict, subject to certain exceptions, the ability of the Securitization Entities to:

incur
or guarantee additional indebtedness;

sell
certain assets;

create
or incur liens on certain assets to secure indebtedness; or

consolidate,
merge, or sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its assets.

Events
of Default

The
Twin Securitization Notes are subject to certain customary events of default under the Indenture (which we refer to as Events
of Default), including, among others, the occurrence of any of the following events:

failure
of the Top Tier Twin Subsidiary to pay any required interest, principal or other amounts
due on or with respect to the Twin Securitization Notes;

failure
of the Top Tier Twin Subsidiary to maintain the Interest-Only DSCR greater than 1.10;

failure
of the Securitization Entities to comply with applicable covenants, or breach by the Securitization
Entities of respective representations or warranties, with respect to the Twin
Securitization Notes, and such failure or breach continuing for a certain period of time;

occurrence
of certain bankruptcy events with respect to the Securitization Entities; and

rendering
of certain judgments.

Exchangeable
Notes 

At the option of the holders, any of the Twin
Securitization Notes may be exchanged for a proportionate interest in exchangeable notes (which we refer to as the Exchangeable
Notes), consisting of up to $326,876,000 of Class A2IIB2 of the Exchangeable Notes, and up to $404,587,000 of Class A2IIB2M2 of
the Exchangeable Notes, which will reflect in the aggregate the characteristics of the corresponding classes of the Twin Securitization
Notes that are exchanged. Any exchange of any of the Twin Securitization Notes for an interest in the Exchangeable Notes will not affect
the aggregate amount of indebtedness under the Twin Securitization Notes or the amount of indebtedness with respect to any class under
the Twin Securitization Notes.

Securitization
Management Agreement

In connection with the sale and issuance of the Twin
Securitization Notes and the transactions related thereto (which we refer to collectively as the Twin Securitization Transaction),
the Top Tier Twin Subsidiary (as issuer), the Guarantors, our Company (as the manager), and the Trustee entered into a Management Agreement,
dated as of November 21, 2024 (which we refer to as the Securitization Management Agreement), pursuant to which we are
responsible for managing the Securitized Assets. Our primary responsibilities under the Securitization Management Agreement are to perform
certain management, franchising, distribution, intellectual property-related and other operational functions on behalf of the Securitization
Entities with respect to the Securitized Assets. As compensation for the performance of our duties and obligations under the Securitization
Management Agreement, the Top Tier Twin Subsidiary will pay to our Company a monthly management fee of $291,667.66, subject to 3% annual
increases.

Limited Guaranty of the Trustee

In connection with the Twin Securitization Transaction,
we entered into a Limited Guaranty, dated as of November 21, 2024 (which we refer to as the Limited Guaranty) with the
Trustee, pursuant to which we are providing a guaranty in favor of the Trustee, and we may be required to make indemnification payments,
with respect to any claims or damages resulting from or arising out of certain bad boy acts, including, but not limited
to, fraud, unpermitted dispositions or encumbrances of the Securitized Assets, and certain insolvency events, by any of the Securitization
Entities or our Company.

Noteholders
Warrants and Other Agreements

In connection with the Twin Securitization Transaction,
the Top Tier Twin Subsidiary, our Company, FAT Brands, and the initial holders of the Twin Securitization Notes entered into a letter
agreement dated November 21, 2024 (which we refer to as the Letter Agreement), under which we agreed to issue to the holders
of the Twin Securitization Notes warrants (which we refer to as the Noteholders Warrants) exercisable
for the aggregate number of shares of our Class A Common Stock equal to 5.0% of the number of issued and outstanding shares of
our Class A Common Stock at the time of the Spin-Off. The Noteholders Warrants will be exercisable during the period commencing
on October 25, 2025 and ending on the five-year anniversary of the date of issuance, at an exercise price of $0.01 per share (subject
to certain customary adjustments), and will include certain registration rights with respect to the underlying shares of our Class A
Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Noteholders Warrants. The Noteholders Warrants and the underlying shares of
our Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Noteholders Warrants will be subject to a lock-up on transfers until we
have used at least $75,000,000 of the net proceeds from our Qualified Equity Offerings to prepay the Twin Securitization Notes.

Under the Letter Agreement, we also granted to
the holders of the Twin Securitization Notes the right to appoint one observer to our Board of Directors, who will have the right to
attend and participate in meetings of our Board of Directors and its committees but will not have any voting rights. Such Board observer
will be subject to customary confidentiality obligations and may be excluded from certain meetings if attendance by such Board observer
would jeopardize any attorney-client privilege.

The summary description of the material terms of
the Twin Securitization Notes in this section and elsewhere in this Information Statement is qualified by reference to the complete text
of the (i) Base Indenture, (ii) Series 2024-1 Supplement to Base Indenture, (iii) Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, (iv) Securitization
Management Agreement, and (v) Limited Guaranty, copies of which are filed as Exhibits 10.8, 10.9, 10.10, 10.11 and 10.12, respectively,
to our Registration Statement on Form 10, of which this Information Statement is a part. This summary does not purport to be complete
and may not contain all of the information about the Twin Securitization Notes that may be important to you. We urge you to read the
full text of each of the agreements referenced above.

178

DESCRIPTION
OF CAPITAL STOCK

The
description below of our capital stock and provisions of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and our Amended and Restated
Bylaws are summaries and are qualified by reference to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and our Amended and Restated
Bylaws, copies of which are filed as exhibits to the Registration Statement on Form 10, of which this Information Statement is a part,
and by reference to the applicable provisions of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (which we refer to as the DGCL).

General

Upon
completion of the Reorganization, our authorized capital stock will consist of an aggregate of 112,870,000 shares of capital stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of which:

102,870,000shares
are designated as Common Stock; and

10,000,000 shares
are designated as preferred stock.

Our
Common Stock will be subdivided into two series consisting of:

(i) 100,000,000 shares designated as Class A Common Stock;
and

(ii) 2,870,000 shares designated as Class B Common Stock.

Each
of our Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock will be deemed to be a separate series of Common Stock for any and all purposes
under the DGCL.

Unless
our Board of Directors determines otherwise, we will issue all shares of our capital stock in uncertificated form.

As
of the date of this Information Statement, there were 47,298,271 shares of
our Class A Common Stock and 2,870,000 shares of our Class B Common Stock
issued and outstanding.

After
the completion of the Spin-Off, we will be a controlled company, as defined under the Nasdaq
Listing Rules. See ManagementControlled Company Exemptions.

Common
Stock

We
have two classes of authorized Common Stock, which is our Class A Common Stock and our Class B Common Stock. The rights of the holders
of our Class A Common Stock and our Class B Common Stock will be identical, except with respect to voting, transfer, and conversion rights.

Voting
Rights

Each
outstanding share of our Class A Common Stock will be entitled to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders. Each
outstanding share of our Class B Common Stock will be entitled to 50 votes on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders.
Directors will be elected by a plurality of the votes entitled to be cast. Our stockholders will not have cumulative voting rights. As
a result, the holders of shares of our Common Stock having a majority of the voting rights can elect all of the directors then standing
for election. Except as otherwise provided in our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or as required by law, all matters
to be voted on by our stockholders, other than matters relating to the election and removal of directors, shall be approved if votes
cast in favor of the matter exceed the votes cast opposing the matter at a meeting at which a majority of the outstanding shares entitled
to vote on such matter is represented in person or by proxy. The holders of our Class A Common Stock and the holders of our Class B Common
Stock will generally vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders, unless otherwise required
by the DGCL or our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. The DGCL could require holders of our Class A Common Stock or holders
of our Class B Common Stock to vote separately in the following circumstances:

if
we were to seek to amend our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to increase
or decrease the par value of a class of our capital stock, then that class would be required
to vote separately to approve the proposed amendment and

179

if
we were to seek to amend our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation in a manner
that alters or changes the powers, preferences, or special rights of a class of our capital
stock in a manner that affected its holders adversely, then that class would be required
to vote separately to approve the proposed amendment.

Quorum

The
holders of a majority of the total voting power of our issued and outstanding capital stock, present in person or represented by proxy,
will constitute a quorum at all meetings of the stockholders for the transaction of business.

Holdings
by FAT Brands and the FAT Brands Common Stockholders

Immediately
following the completion of the Spin-Off, we expect that:

the FAT Brands Common Stockholders receiving shares of our Class A Common Stock
in the Spin-Off will own 2,726,500 shares of our Class A Common Stock, and will hold
approximately 1.4% of the total voting power of our Common Stock; and

FAT
Brands will own (i) 44,571,771 shares of our Class A Common Stock, and (ii) all of the 2,870,000 outstanding
shares of our Class B Common Stock, which in the aggregate represents approximately 98.6%
of the total voting power of our Common Stock.

Accordingly,
FAT Brands will have the ability to control the outcome of matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election
of our directors and the approval of significant corporate transactions.

Conversion

Each
share of our Class B Common Stock is convertible into one share of Class A Common Stock at the option of the holder, provided that if
the shares of our Class B Common Stock are distributed to stockholders of FAT Brands in connection with the Potential FAT Brands Distribution,
the shares of our Class B Common Stock will no longer be convertible into shares of our Class A Common Stock at the option of the holder.
Any and all conversions will be effected on a share-for-share basis.

Dividends

Holders
of our Common Stock will be entitled to receive dividends when and if declared by our Board of Directors out of funds legally available
therefor, subject to any statutory or contractual restrictions on the payment of dividends and to any restrictions on the payment of
dividends imposed by the terms of any outstanding preferred stock. See Dividend Policy.

Liquidation,
Dissolution, and Winding-Up

Upon
our liquidation, dissolution, or winding-up and after payment in full of all amounts required to be paid to creditors and to the holders
of preferred stock having liquidation preferences, if any, the holders of shares of our Common Stock will be entitled to receive pro
rata our remaining assets available for distribution.

Other
Rights and Preferences

Except
for the conversion provisions with respect to our Class B Common Stock described above, holders of shares of our Common Stock have no
preemptive, conversion, or subscription rights, and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to our Common Stock.
Our Common Stock will not be subject to further calls or assessment by us. All shares of our Common Stock that will be outstanding at
the time of the completion of the Spin-Off will be fully paid and non-assessable. The rights, preferences, and privileges of the holders
of shares of our Common Stock are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of shares of any series of
preferred stock that we may issue in the future.

180

Preferred
Stock

Under
our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, we are authorized to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock.
The preferred stock may be issued in one or more series, and our Board of Directors is expressly authorized, without any further action
by our stockholders, to (i) fix the descriptions, powers, preferences, rights, qualifications, limitations, and restrictions with respect
to any series of preferred stock, and (ii) specify the number of shares of any series of preferred stock. Any issuance of our preferred
stock could adversely affect the voting power of holders of shares of our Common Stock and the likelihood that such holders would receive
dividend payments and payments upon our liquidation, dissolution, or winding-up. Additionally, our issuance of preferred stock could
have the effect of delaying, deferring, or preventing a change of control of, or other corporate action with respect to, our Company.
Upon the completion of the Spin-Off, no shares of preferred stock will be outstanding. We presently do not have any plans to establish
any series, or issue any shares, of preferred stock.

Anti-Takeover
Provisions

Certain
provisions of the DGCL, our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, and our Amended and Restated Bylaws may have the effect
of discouraging others from attempting hostile takeovers, and/or preventing changes in the composition of our Board of Directors and
management. It is possible that these provisions could make it more difficult to accomplish transactions that our stockholders may otherwise
deem to be in their best interests.

Section
203 of the DGCL

Section
203 of the DGCL prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in any business combination with any interested stockholder for a period
of three years after the date that such stockholder became an interested stockholder, with the following exceptions:

before
such date, the board of directors of the corporation approved either the business combination
or the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder;

upon
completion of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder,
the interested stockholder owned at least 85% of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding
at the time the transaction began, excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock
outstanding (but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested stockholder) those
shares owned (i) by persons who are directors and also officers, and (ii) employee stock
plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether
shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer; or

on
or after such date, the business combination is approved by the board of directors and authorized
at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative
vote of at least 66 23% of the outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the interested
stockholder.

In
general, Section 203 defines a business combination to include the following:

any
merger or consolidation involving the corporation and the interested stockholder;

any
sale, transfer, pledge, or other disposition of 10% or more of the assets of the corporation
involving the interested stockholder;

subject
to certain exceptions, any transaction that results in the issuance or transfer by the corporation
of any stock of the corporation to the interested stockholder;

any
transaction involving the corporation that has the effect of increasing the proportionate
share of the stock or any class or series of the corporation beneficially owned by the interested
stockholder; or

181

the
receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit of any loans, advances, guarantees,
pledges, or other financial benefits by or through the corporation.

In
general, Section 203 defines an interested stockholder as an entity or person who, together with such persons affiliates
and associates, beneficially owns, or within three years prior to the time of determination of interested stockholder status did own,
15% or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation.

A
Delaware corporation may opt out of these provisions with an express provision in its original certificate of incorporation
or an express provision in its amended and restated certificate of incorporation or amended and restated bylaws resulting from a stockholders
amendment approved by at least a majority of the outstanding voting shares. Under our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation,
we explicitly opt out of these provisions for so long as FAT Brands owns at least 15% of the total voting power of our Common Stock.
If FAT Brands owns less than 15% of the total voting power of our Common Stock, we will be subject to Section 203 of the DGCL and, as
a result, mergers or other takeover or change in control attempts of us may be discouraged or prevented.

Our
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and our Amended and Restated Bylaws

The
below are provisions in our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and our Amended and Restated Bylaws that could deter hostile
takeovers or delay or prevent changes in control of our management team.

Dual
Class Stock

As
described in Common StockVoting Rights above, our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
provides for a dual class Common Stock structure, which will provide FAT Brands with the ability to control the outcome of matters
submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election of our directors and the approval of significant corporate transactions.

Preferred
Stock

As
described in Preferred Stock above, under our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, our Board
of Directors has the authority, without any further action by our stockholders, to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred
stock, with rights and preferences, including voting rights, designated by our Board of Directors. The existence of authorized but unissued
shares of preferred stock generally enables our Board of Directors to render more difficult or to discourage any attempt to obtain control
of our Company through a merger, tender offer, proxy contest, or other means.

Removal
of Directors

Our
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that, subject to the rights of any series of preferred stock to remove
directors elected by such series of preferred stock, if any, any individual director or our entire Board of Directors may be removed
from office at any time by the affirmative vote of our stockholders holding at least a majority of the total voting power of all of our
then-outstanding shares of capital stock entitled to vote generally on the election of directors, voting together as a single class.

Board
of Director Vacancies

Our
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and our Amended and Restated Bylaws authorize only our Board of Directors to fill
any vacancies on our Board of Directors, including newly created vacancies, provided that, until FAT Brands holdings in our Common
Stock are reduced so that it no longer maintains a majority of the total voting power of our Common Stock, any vacancies on our Board
of Directors caused by stockholder action may only be filled by stockholder action. Additionally, the number of directors constituting
our Board of Directors is permitted to be set only by a resolution adopted by a majority of our Board of Directors. These provisions
will prevent a stockholder from increasing the size of our Board of Directors and then gaining control of our Board of Directors by filling
the resulting vacancies with its own nominees, and will generally make it more difficult to change the composition of our Board of Directors.

182

Stockholder
Action by Written Consent

Our
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that, for so long as FAT Brands holds a majority of the total voting
power of our Common Stock, any action required or permitted to be taken by our stockholders at a duly called annual or special meeting
of our stockholders may be effected by consent in writing by the holders of our outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number
of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present
and voted. If FAT Brands holds less than a majority of the total voting power of our Common Stock, any action required or permitted to
be taken by our stockholders will have to be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting of our stockholders, and may not be
effected by our stockholders by written consent without a meeting.

Special
Meetings of the Stockholders

Our
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and our Amended and Restated Bylaws provide that special meetings of our stockholders
may be called only by our secretary upon the written request of a majority of our Board of Directors, the chairperson of our Board of
Directors, or our Chief Executive Officer, thus prohibiting stockholders from calling a special meeting. These provisions might delay
the ability of our stockholders to force consideration of a proposal, or to take any action, including the removal of directors.

Advance
Notice Requirements for Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations

Our
Amended and Restated Bylaws provide advance notice procedures for stockholders seeking to bring business before our annual meeting
of stockholders or to nominate candidates for election as directors at our annual meeting of stockholders. Our Amended and Restated Bylaws
also specify certain requirements regarding the form and content of a stockholders notice. These provisions might preclude
our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at our annual
meeting of stockholders if the proper procedures are not followed. We expect that these provisions might also discourage or deter a potential
acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirers own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain
control of our Company.

Choice
of Forum

Our
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, unless we consent in
writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum
for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a duty (including any
fiduciary duty) owed by any of our current or former directors, officers, employees, agents, or stockholders to us or our stockholders,
(iii) any action asserting a claim against us or any of our current or former directors, officers, employees, agents, or stockholders
arising out of or relating to any provision of the DGCL, our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, or our Amended and Restated
Bylaws, (iv) any action or proceeding to interpret, apply, enforce, or determine the validity of our Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation or our Amended and Restated Bylaws (including any right, obligation, or remedy thereunder); (v) any action or proceeding
as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction to the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware; and (vi) any action asserting a claim against
us or any of our current or former directors, officers, employees, agents, or stockholders governed by the internal affairs doctrine
of the State of Delaware. This choice of forum provision does not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by
the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, or the respective rules and regulations thereunder. Additionally, our Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation also provides that the federal district courts of the United States will, to the fullest extent permitted by
law, be the sole and exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. Our Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that neither the exclusive forum provision nor the federal forum provision
applies to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act.

183

Furthermore,
our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation also provides that any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring
any interest in shares of our capital stock will be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the foregoing provisions
provided, however, that stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules
and regulations thereunder. We recognize that the forum selection provisions in our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
may impose additional litigation costs on our stockholders in pursuing any such claims, particularly if such stockholders do not reside
in or near the State of Delaware. Moreover, the forum selection provisions in our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation may
limit the ability of our stockholders to bring a claim or action in a forum that they find favorable for disputes with us or our directors,
officers, employees, or agents, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers, employees, and agents even
though such a claim or action, if successful, might benefit our stockholders. The Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware may also
reach different judgments or results than would other courts, including courts where a stockholder considering an action may be located
or would otherwise choose to bring such action, and such judgments may be more or less favorable to us than our stockholders.

For
more information on the risks associated with our choice of forum provision, see Risk FactorsRisks Related to our Class
A Common StockThe provision of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation requiring exclusive venue in the Court of
Chancery in the State of Delaware for certain types of lawsuits may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and
officers.

Amendment
of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation

Except
as otherwise provided in our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, we reserve the right to amend and repeal any provisions
contained in our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation in the manner prescribed by the laws of the State of Delaware, and
all rights of our stockholders will be subject to this reservation.

Limitations
on Liability and Indemnification of Directors and Officers

Our
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation includes provisions that limit the liability of our directors and officers for
monetary damages to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. Delaware law allows a corporation to provide that its directors or
officers will not be personally liable for monetary damages for any breach of fiduciary duties as a director or officer, except:

a
director or officer will have liability for any breach of such directors or officers
duty of loyalty to the corporation or its stockholders;

a
director or officer will have liability for any act or omission not in good faith, or that
involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law;

a
director or officer will have liability for unlawful payments of dividends or unlawful stock
repurchases or redemptions;

a
director or officer will have liability for any transaction from which such director or officer
derived an improper personal benefit; or

an
officer will have liability in any action by or in the right of the corporation.

Such
limitation of liability does not apply to liabilities arising under federal securities laws and does not affect the availability of equitable
remedies, such as injunctive relief or rescission.

184

Our
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation authorizes us to indemnify our directors, officers, employees, and other agents
to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. Additionally, our Amended and Restated Bylaws provide that we indemnify our directors
and executive officers to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, and may indemnify our other officers, employees, and agents.
Our Amended and Restated Bylaws also provide that, on satisfaction of certain conditions, we will advance expenses incurred by a
director or executive officer in advance of the final disposition of any action or proceeding, and permit us to secure insurance on behalf
of any officer, director, employee, or other agent. We have entered and expect to continue to enter into indemnification agreements to
indemnify our directors and executive officers. With certain exceptions, these indemnification agreements provide for indemnification
for related expenses, including attorneys fees, judgments, fines, and settlement amounts incurred by any of these individuals
in connection with any action, proceeding, or investigation. We believe that these certificate of incorporation and bylaw provisions
and indemnification agreements are necessary to attract and retain qualified persons as directors and officers. We will also maintain
customary directors and officers liability insurance.

The
limitation of liability and indemnification provisions in our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and our Amended and Restated
Bylaws may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. They may also reduce
the likelihood of derivative litigation against our directors and officers, even though an action, if successful, might benefit us and
other stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholders investment may be adversely affected to the extent that we pay the costs of settlement
and/or damage awards against directors and officers as required by these indemnification provisions.

Insofar
as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted for directors, executive officers, or persons controlling
us, we have been informed that, in the opinion of the SEC, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities
Act and is therefore unenforceable.

Provisions
of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation Relating to Related Person Transactions and Corporate Opportunities

In
anticipation that we and FAT Brands may engage in the same or similar activities or lines of business and may have an interest in the
same areas of corporate opportunities, and in recognition of the benefits to be derived by us through our ongoing contractual, corporate,
and business relations with FAT Brands (including the service of certain directors of FAT Brands as directors of our Company, and the
service of Kenneth Kuick, the co-chief executive officer and chief financial officer of FAT Brands, as our Chief
Financial Officer), certain provisions of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation described below define and govern the
conduct of certain affairs of our Company as they may involve FAT Brands and its directors or officers, and the powers, rights, duties,
and liabilities of our Company and our directors, officers, and stockholders in connection with such affairs.

Our
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that FAT Brands will have the right to, and will have no duty not to, (i)
engage in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as we do, (ii) do business with any of our franchisees or customers,
and (iii) employ or otherwise engage any of our officers or employees. We will not be deemed to have an interest or expectancy in any
such activities merely because we engage in the same or similar activities or otherwise. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law, and except as provided in the following paragraphs, neither FAT Brands nor any of its directors or officers will be liable to us
or our stockholders for breach of any fiduciary duty by reason of any such activities of FAT Brands or of such persons participation
in such activities.

Additionally,
our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation also provides that, until the later of (a) the first date on which FAT Brands ceases
to beneficially own 20% or more of the number of the then outstanding shares of each class of our Common Stock, and (b) the date upon
which none of our directors are also directors of FAT Brands, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and except as provided
in the following paragraphs, in the event that FAT Brands acquires knowledge of a potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate
opportunity for us, FAT Brands will not have any duty to communicate or present it to us, and FAT Brands will not be liable to us or
our stockholders for breach of any fiduciary duty as our stockholder by reason of the fact that it pursues or acquires such corporate
opportunity for itself, directs such corporate opportunity to another person or entity, or does not present such corporate opportunity
to us.

185

Furthermore,
our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation further provides that, until the later of (a) the first date on which FAT Brands
ceases to beneficially own 20% or more of the number of the then outstanding shares of each class of our Common Stock, and (b) the date
upon which none of our directors are also directors of FAT Brands, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in the event that
a director of our Company who is also a director of FAT Brands acquires knowledge of a potential transaction or matter which may be a
corporate opportunity for us and which may be properly pursued by us, such director (i) will be deemed to have fully satisfied and fulfilled
such persons fiduciary duty to us and our stockholders with respect to such corporate opportunity, (ii) will not be liable to
us or our stockholders for any breach of fiduciary duty because FAT Brands pursues or acquires such corporate opportunity for itself,
directs such corporate opportunity to another person or entity, or does not present such corporate opportunity to us, (iii) will be deemed
to have acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believes to be in and not opposed to our best interests, and (iv)
will be deemed not to have breached such persons duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders and not to have received an improper
personal gain therefrom provided that such director acts in good faith in a manner consistent with the following policy:

where
a corporate opportunity is offered to a director of our Company who is also a director of
FAT Brands, we will be entitled to pursue such opportunity only if such opportunity is expressly
offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as our director and

if
a director of our Company who is also a director of FAT Brands acquires knowledge of a potential
transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for us in any manner not addressed
by the foregoing bullet point, such director will have no duty to communicate or present
such corporate opportunity to us, and will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, not be
liable to us or our stockholders for any breach of fiduciary duty as our director by reason
of the fact that FAT Brands pursues or acquires such corporate opportunity for itself, directs
such corporate opportunity to another person or entity, or does not present such corporate
opportunity to us.

Moreover,
our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation further provides that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, so long
as the material facts as to a contract, agreement, arrangement, or transaction between us and FAT Brands are disclosed to or are known
by our Board of Directors or the committee thereof that authorizes such contract, agreement, arrangement, or transaction, and our Board
of Directors or such committee in good faith authorizes and approves such contract, agreement, arrangement, or transaction by the affirmative
vote of a majority of the disinterested directors, even if less than a quorum, no such contract, agreement, arrangement, or transaction
will be void or voidable solely for the reason that FAT Brands is a party thereto.

Listing

Our Class A
Common Stock has been approved for listing on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol TWNP.

Transfer
Agent and Registrar

The
transfer agent and registrar for our Class A Common Stock and our Class B Common Stock is VStock Transfer, LLC.

Recent Sales
of Unregistered Securities

On
October 1, 2021, the Top Tier Twin Subsidiary completed the sale and issuance, through a private offering pursuant to Rule 144A under
the Securities Act, of the following three tranches of fixed rate secured notes: (i) $150.0 million aggregate principal amount of Prior
Class A-2 Notes, (ii) $50.0 million aggregate principal amount of Prior Class B-2 Notes, and (iii) $50.0 million aggregate principal
amount of Prior Class M-2 Notes. Net proceeds from the October 2021 private offering of the Prior Securitization Notes were approximately
$236.9 million, which consisted of the aggregate principal amount of $250.0 million, net of aggregate original issue discounts of approximately
$7.5 million and debt offering expenses of approximately $5.6 million, and such net proceeds were used to finance the cash portion of
the purchase price in connection with FAT Brands acquisition of all of the subsidiaries of the Top Tier Twin Subsidiary. We believe
that the sales and issuances of the Prior Securitization Notes in the October 2021 private offering were exempt from the registration
requirements of the Securities Act in reliance upon Rule 144A under the Securities Act.

186

On
September 8, 2023, the Top Tier Twin Subsidiary completed the sale and issuance of an additional $48.0 million aggregate principal amount
of Prior Class A-2 Notes, and $50.0 million aggregate principal amount of Prior Class M-2 Notes, to FAT Brands, pending sale, through
a private offering pursuant to Rule 144A and Regulation S under the Securities Act, to third party investors. FAT Brands subsequently
sold the $48.0 million aggregate principal amount of Prior Class A-2 Notes and $12.3 million aggregate principal amount of the Prior
Class M-2 Notes, resulting in net proceeds of approximately 56.0 million, which consisted of the aggregate principal amount of $60.3
million, net of aggregate original issue discount and debt offering expenses of approximately $4.3 million, and such net proceeds were
used by FAT Brands to fund its operations and for general corporate purposes. We believe that the sales and issuances of the additional
Prior Securitization Notes in the September 2023 private offering were exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act
in reliance upon Rule 144A or Regulation S, as the case may be, under the Securities Act.

On
March 20, 2024, the Top Tier Twin Subsidiary completed the sale and issuance of an additional $50.0 million aggregate principal amount
of Prior Class A-2 Notes to FAT Brands, pending sale, through a private offering pursuant to Rule 144A and Regulation S under the Securities
Act, to third party investors. FAT Brands subsequently sold the $50.0 million aggregate principal amount of Prior Class A-2 Notes, resulting
in net proceeds of approximately 47.1 million, which consisted of the aggregate principal amount of $50.0 million, net of aggregate original
issue discount and debt offering expenses of approximately $2.9 million, and such net proceeds were used by FAT Brands to fund its operations
and for general corporate purposes. We believe that the sales and issuances of the additional Prior Securitization Notes in the March
2024 private offering were exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act in reliance upon Rule 144A or Regulation S,
as the case may be, under the Securities Act.

In
connection with the incorporation of our Company by FAT Brands, on February 6, 2024, we sold and issued 5,000 shares of our Class A Common
Stock to FAT Brands. We believe that the sale and issuance of such shares of our Class A Common Stock to FAT Brands was exempt from the
registration requirements of the Securities Act in reliance upon Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.

On November 21, 2024, the Top Tier Twin Subsidiary
completed the sale and issuance, through a private offering pursuant to Rule 144A and Regulation S under the Securities Act, of the following
four tranches of the Twin Securitization Notes: (i) $12,124,000 Series 2024-1 9.00% Fixed Rate Super Senior Secured Notes, Class A-2-I,
(ii) $269,257,000.00 Series 2024-1 9.00% Fixed Rate Senior Secured Notes, Class A-2-II, (iii) $57,619,000.00 Series 2024-1 10.00% Fixed
Rate Senior Subordinated Secured Notes, Class B-2, and (iv) $77,711,000.00 Series 2024-1 11.00% Fixed Rate Subordinated Secured Notes,
Class M-2. Net proceeds from the November 2024 private offering of the Twin Securitization Notes were approximately $407.5 million, which
consisted of the aggregate principal amount of $416.7 million, net of aggregate original issue discounts of approximately $3.2 million
and debt offering expenses of approximately $6.0 million, and such net proceeds were primarily used to redeem all of the Prior Securitization
Notes, with the remainder to be used for working capital and general corporate purposes. We believe that the sales and issuances of the
Twin Securitization Notes in the November 2024 private offering were exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act
in reliance upon Rule 144A or Regulation S, as the case may be, under the Securities Act.

187

SHARES
ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE

Prior
to the Spin-Off, there has been no public market for our Class A Common Stock, and we cannot predict the effect, if any, that sales of
shares or the availability of any shares for sale will have on the market price of our Class A Common Stock prevailing from time to time.
Sales of a substantial number of shares of our Class A Common Stock (including shares of Class A Common Stock issued upon the exercise
of options, warrants or convertible securities, if any) or the perception that such sales could occur, could adversely affect the market
price of our Class A Common Stock and our ability to raise additional capital through future offers and sales of our securities.

After
giving effect to the Reorganization, and immediately following the completion of the Spin-Off, we will have 47,298,271 shares
of our Class A Common Stock issued and outstanding, and 2,870,000 shares
of our Class B Common Stock issued and outstanding. All of the shares of our Class A Common Stock distributed in the Spin-Off will
be freely transferable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, unless such shares are purchased by
affiliates (as such term is defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act (which we refer to as Rule
144)). Any outstanding shares of our Class A Common Stock not distributed in the Spin-Off and all outstanding shares of our
Class B Common Stock are restricted securities (as such term is defined in Rule 144). Subject to certain restrictions,
holders of restricted shares will be entitled to sell those shares in the open market if they qualify for an exemption from
registration under the Securities Act, such as conducting sales pursuant to Rule 144 or Rule 701 under the Securities Act, or any
other applicable exemption under the Securities Act.

Registration
Rights of FAT Brands

The
shares of our Class A Common Stock held by FAT Brands immediately after the Spin-Off will be deemed restricted securities
(as defined in Rule 144), and as such, FAT Brands may only sell a limited number of such shares into the public markets without registration
under the Securities Act. Therefore, pursuant to the Master Separation and Distribution Agreement we will enter into with FAT Brands
in connection with the Reorganization, we will agree to provide FAT Brands with certain registration rights to register the shares of
our Class A Common Stock held by it. FAT Brands may request up to two Long-Form Registrations and up to two Short-Form Registrations,
although no Long-Form Registrations may be requested after such time as we are eligible to use Form S-3 or any similar short form registration
statement at such time. FAT Brands may also request that we file a resale shelf registration statement to register under the Securities
Act the resale of its registrable shares after such time as we are eligible to use Form S-3 or any similar short form registration statement
at such time. FAT Brands will be entitled to unlimited shelf takedowns. Additionally, we will also provide FAT Brands with piggy-back
registration rights to include its shares of our Class A Common Stock in future registrations under the Securities Act of our securities
by us or others. FAT Brands may request up to three of these piggy-back registrations. FAT Brands registration rights
will remain in effect until the earlier of the date on which the shares of our Class A Common Stock held by FAT Brands (i) have been
disposed of in accordance with an effective registration statement, (ii) have been distributed to the public in accordance with Rule
144, or may be sold without restriction pursuant to Rule 144(k) under the Securities Act, (iii) have been otherwise transferred to a
non-affiliated entity, and any subsequent disposition of such shares do not require registration or qualification under the Securities
Act, or (iv) have ceased to be outstanding. See Certain Relationships and Related Party TransactionsAgreements to be
Entered into with FAT Brands in Connection with the ReorganizationMaster Separation and Distribution AgreementRegistration
Rights.

Rule
144

In
general, under Rule 144 under the Securities Act as currently in effect, beginning 90 days after the date of this Information Statement,
a stockholder who beneficially own shares of our Class A Common Stock considered to be restricted securities under Rule
144, who is not deemed to have been an affiliate of our Company at any time during the three months preceding a sale, and who has beneficially
owned such restricted securities for at least six months (including the holding period of any prior stockholder other than an affiliate
of our Company), would be entitled to sell those shares; provided that current public information about us is available. Additionally,
under Rule 144, if such stockholder has beneficially owned those shares for at least one year (including the holding period of any prior
stockholder other than an affiliate of our Company), such stockholder would be entitled to sell those shares without regard to the requirements
and conditions of Rule 144, including whether current public information about us is available.

188

Beginning
90 days after the date of this Information Statement, an affiliate of our Company who has beneficially owned shares of our Class A Common
Stock for at least six months is entitled to sell, within any three-month period, a number of shares that does not exceed the greater
of (i) 1% of the aggregate number of shares of our Class A Common Stock then outstanding (which is approximately 472,982 shares of Class
A Common Stock immediately after the Spin-Off, and (ii) the average weekly trading volume of our Class A Common Stock on the Nasdaq Global
Market during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to such sale; provided that current
public information about us is available and such affiliate complies with the other requirements and conditions of Rule 144 relating
to manner of sale and notice. To the extent that an affiliate of our Company sells shares of our Class A Common Stock, other than pursuant
to Rule 144 or an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, the purchasers holding period for the purpose of
effecting a sale under Rule 144 commences on the date of transfer of such shares from such affiliate. Additionally, sales by our affiliates
under Rule 144 are also subject to certain manner of sale provisions, notice requirements, and the availability of current public information
about us.

Substantially
all of the outstanding shares of our Class A Common Stock will either be unrestricted or will be eligible for sale under Rule 144, subject
to the volume limitations and additional requirements and conditions under Rule 144 applicable to our affiliates as described above.
We cannot estimate the number of shares of our Class A Common Stock that our existing stockholders will elect to sell following the Spin-Off.

Rule
701

In
general, under Rule 701 of the Securities Act (which we refer to as Rule 701) as currently in effect, any of our directors,
officers, employees, consultants, or advisors who is not an affiliate of our Company, and who purchased or purchases, pursuant to an
offer made or option granted prior to the date of this Information Statement, shares of our Class A Common Stock from us pursuant to
a written compensatory plan or other written agreement in accordance with Rule 701, is eligible, beginning 90 days after the date of
this Information Statement, to resell such Rule 701 Class A Common Stock in reliance on Rule 144, but without compliance with the holding
period, public information, volume limitation, and notice requirements of Rule 144. Additionally, under Rule 701, an employee, consultant
or advisor who is an affiliate of our Company, and who purchased or purchases Rule 701 Class A Common Stock, is eligible, beginning 90
days after the date of this Information Statement, to resell such Rule 701 Class A Common Stock in reliance on Rule 144, but without
compliance with the holding period requirements of Rule 144.

2025
Incentive Compensation Plan; Twin Hospitality Group Management Equity Plan; Registration Statement on Form S-8

Under our 2025 Incentive Compensation Plan, the total
number of shares of our Class A Common Stock that will be reserved and available for awards is equal to 1,000,000 shares of our
Class A Common Stock, less the aggregate number of shares of our Class A Common Stock which have become subject to outstanding awards
granted under our 2025 Incentive Compensation Plan. For a description of our 2025 Incentive Compensation Plan, see Executive
and Director CompensationEquity-Based Compensation2025 Incentive Compensation Plan.

Under the Management Equity Plan, an aggregate of
4,742,346 shares of our Class A Common Stock will be reserved for RSU awards, and we intend to grant RSU awards with respect to
all such reserved shares. For a description of the Management Equity Plan and the RSU awards that will be granted thereunder, see Executive
and Director CompensationEquity-Based CompensationTwin Hospitality Group Management Equity Plan.

Following the completion of the Spin-Off, we intend
to file a (i) registration statement on Form S-8, which will become effective automatically upon filing, to register the total number
of shares of our Class A Common Stock that may be issued under our 2025 Incentive Compensation Plan, and (ii) registration statement
on Form S-8, which will become effective automatically upon filing, to register the total number of shares of our Class A Common Stock
that will be issued upon the vesting and settlement of RSU awards granted under the Management Equity Plan. These shares will
be freely tradable and immediately available for sale in the open market following their issuance, subject to the volume limitations
and additional requirements and conditions under Rule 144 applicable to our affiliates, and applicable restrictions imposed by our insider
trading policy.

THE
DISCUSSION ABOVE IS A GENERAL SUMMARY. IT DOES NOT COVER ALL MATTERS RELATING TO SHARE TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS THAT MAY BE OF IMPORTANCE
TO A STOCKHOLDER. EACH STOCKHOLDER SHOULD CONSULT HIS, HER OR ITS OWN LEGAL ADVISOR REGARDING THE PARTICULAR SECURITIES LAWS AND TRANSFER
RESTRICTION CONSEQUENCES OF HOLDING AND DISPOSING OF SHARES OF OUR COMMON STOCK, INCLUDING THE CONSEQUENCES OF ANY PROPOSED CHANGE IN
APPLICABLE LAWS.

189

CHANGE
IN ACCOUNTANTS

In
July 2023, we engaged Macias Gini & OConnell LLP to conduct an audit of the consolidated financial statements of the Twin
Group as of and for the year ended December 25, 2022. On March 20, 2024, our engagement of Macias Gini & OConnell LLP ended
upon the completion of such audit. Macias Gini & OConnell LLPs report on the audited consolidated financial statements
of the Twin Group as of and for the year ended December 25, 2022 did not contain any adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion, nor was
such report qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting principles. During the fiscal year ended December 25,
2022, and the subsequent period from December 26, 2022 to March 20, 2024, (i) there were no disagreements with Macias Gini & OConnell
LLP on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreements,
if not resolved to the satisfaction of Macias Gini & OConnell LLP, would have caused them to make reference to the subject
matter of the disagreements in connection with their report on our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 25,
2022, and (ii) there were no reportable events as such term is defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K. We have
requested that Macias Gini & OConnell LLP furnish to us a letter addressed to the SEC stating whether or not Macias Gini &
OConnell LLP agrees with the above statements. A copy of such letter, dated November 1, 2024, is filed as Exhibit 16.1 to our
Registration Statement on Form 10, of which this Information Statement is a part.

In
November 2023, we engaged CohnReznick LLP as our new PCAOB registered public accounting firm, which engagement was ratified by our Board
of Directors. The audited consolidated financial statements of the Twin Group as of and for the year ended December 31, 2023 have been
audited by CohnReznick LLP.

On
September 5, 2024, we terminated our engagement of CohnReznick LLP as our PCAOB registered public accounting firm. CohnReznick LLPs
report on the audited consolidated financial statements of the Twin Group as of and for the year ended December 31, 2023 did not contain
any adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion, nor was such report qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting
principles. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, and the subsequent period from January 1, 2024 to September 5, 2024, (i)
there were no disagreements with CohnReznick LLP on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure,
or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreements, if not resolved to the satisfaction of CohnReznick LLP, would have caused them to
make reference to the subject matter of the disagreements in connection with their report on our consolidated financial statements for
the year ended December 31, 2023, and (ii) there were no reportable events as such term is defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v)
of Regulation S-K. We have requested that CohnReznick LLP furnish to us a letter addressed to the SEC stating whether or not CohnReznick
LLP agrees with the above statements. A copy of such letter, dated November 1, 2024, is filed as Exhibit 16.2 to our Registration Statement
on Form 10, of which this Information Statement is a part.

In
October 2024, we engaged Macias Gini & OConnell LLP as our new PCAOB registered public accounting firm, which engagement was
ratified by our Board of Directors.

190

WHERE
YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

We
have filed with the SEC a Registration Statement on Form 10 (which we refer to as the Registration Statement) with respect
to the shares of our Class A Common Stock that FAT Brands Common Stockholders will receive in the Spin-Off as contemplated by this Information
Statement. This Information Statement, which constitutes part of the Registration Statement, does not contain all of the information
set forth in the Registration Statement or the exhibits and schedules which are part of the Registration Statement. Some items included
in the Registration Statement have been omitted from this Information Statement in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC.
For further information about our Company and the shares of our Class A Common Stock that FAT Brands Common Stockholders will receive
in the Spin-Off, we refer you to the Registration Statement, including all amendments, supplements, exhibits, and schedules thereto.

Statements
contained in this Information Statement regarding the contents of any agreement, contract or other document are not necessarily complete.
If an agreement, contract or other document has been filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement, please refer to a copy of such
agreement, contract or other document that has been filed. Each statement in this Information Statement relating to an agreement, contract
or other document that is filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement is qualified in all respects by reference to the full text
of such agreement, contract or other document filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement.

You
may access and read the Registration Statement, including the related exhibits and schedules thereto, this Information Statement, and
any document we file with the SEC at the SECs website that contains reports and other information regarding issuers that file
electronically with the SEC. Our filings with the SEC are available to the public without charge through the SECs website at www.sec.gov.

Upon
effectiveness of the Registration Statement, we will be subject to the information and periodic reporting requirements of the Exchange
Act, and under those requirements, we will file periodic reports, proxy statements, and other information with the SEC. Those periodic
reports, proxy statements, and other information may be accessed and read at the SECs website described above.

Our
corporate website is www.twinpeaksrestaurant.com. Following the completion of the Spin-Off, you may go to our website to access
our periodic reports, proxy statements, and other information that we file with the SEC as soon as reasonably practicable after such
material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. The information contained in, or that can be accessed through, our website
is not incorporated by reference into, and is not a part of, this Information Statement or our Registration Statement on Form 10, of
which this Information Statement is a part. We have included our website address in this Information Statement solely as an inactive
textual reference.

191

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Financial
Statements of the Twin Group 

Audited
Consolidated Financial Statements as of and for the Years Ended December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 596) F-3

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 324) F-4

Consolidated
Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022 F-5

Consolidated
Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022 F-6

Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Members Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022 F-7

Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022 F-8

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements (for the Years Ended December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022) F-9

Unaudited
Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements as of September 29, 2024 and for the Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended September 29, 2024 and September
24, 2023 

Condensed
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023 F-23

Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023 F-24

Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Members Equity for the Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended September 29, 2024 and September 24,
2023 F-25

Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023 F-26

Notes
to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (for the Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023) F-27

F-1

Financial
Statements of Barbeque Integrated, Inc. 

Audited Consolidated
Financial Statements as of and for the Year Ended December 31, 2023 

Independent
Auditors Report (PCAOB ID 596) F-37

Consolidated
Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2023 F-39

Consolidated
Statements of Operations for the Period from September 25, 2023 through December 31, 2023 (Successor) and the Period from January
2, 2023 through September 24, 2023 (Predecessor) F-40

Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the Period from September 25, 2023 through December 31, 2023 (Successor)
and the Period from January 2, 2023 through September 24, 2023 (Predecessor) F-41

Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows for the Period from September 25, 2023 through December 31, 2023 (Successor) and the Period from January
2, 2023 through September 24, 2023 (Predecessor) F-42

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements (for the Year Ended December 31, 2023) F-43

Audited Consolidated Financial Statements as
of and for the Year Ended January 1, 2023 

Independent Auditors Report F-53

Consolidated Balance Sheet as of
January 1, 2023 F-55

Consolidated Statement of Operations
for the Year Ended January 1, 2023 F-56

Consolidated Statement of Stockholders
Deficit for the Year Ended January 1, 2023 F-57

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
for the Year Ended January 1, 2023 F-58

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(for the Year Ended January 1, 2023) F-59

F-2

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

Member

FAT
Brands Twin Peaks I, LLC

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of FAT Brands Twin Peaks I, LLC (the Company) as of December 31,
2023, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in members equity (deficit), and cash flows for the fiscal
year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion,
the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America.

Basis
for Opinion

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Companys management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Companys internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due
to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used
and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe
that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/
CohnReznick LLP

We
have served as the Companys auditor since 2023.

Dallas,
Texas

May
7, 2024

F-3

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To
Shareholders and Board of Directors

FAT
Brands Twin Peaks I, LLC

Opinion

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of FAT Brands Twin Peaks I, LLC (the Company) as of December 25,
2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in members equity, and cash flows for the fiscal year then ended,
and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements).

In
our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as
of December 25, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the fiscal year then ended, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Basis
for Opinion

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Companys management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Companys consolidated financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Companys internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due
to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/
MACIAS GINI & OCONNELL LLP

We
have served as the Companys auditor since 2023.

Irvine,
California

March
20, 2024

F-4

FAT
BRANDS TWIN PEAKS I, LLC

CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS

(dollars
in thousands)

December
31, 

2023 December
25, 

2022 

Assets 

Current
assets 

Cash $ 4,491
$ 2,971 

Restricted
cash 15,046 10,240 

Accounts
receivable, net 2,276 913 

Other
current assets 6,280 2,475 

Total
current assets 28,093 16,599 

Non-current
restricted cash 4,608 3,759 

Lease
right-of-use asset 169,355 50,913 

Goodwill 117,159 105,116 

Other
intangible assets, net 169,728 162,857 

Property
and equipment, net 74,822 50,214 

Other
non-current assets 1,817 1,684 

Total
assets $ 565,582 $ 391,142 

Liabilities
and members (deficit) equity 

Current
liabilities 

Accounts
payable $ 9,487
$ 5,737 

Accrued
expenses and other liabilities 25,677 15,116 

Deferred
income, current portion 1,118 866 

Lease
liability, current portion 21,585 6,334 

Acquisition
payable, current portion 3,000 3,000 

Long-term
debt, current portion 9,861 1,858 

Total
current liabilities 70,728 32,911 

Deferred
income, net of current portion 4,365 4,362 

Lease
liability, net of current portion 149,489 45,851 

Long-term
debt, net of current portion 334,020 241,649 

Due
to affiliates 18,013 4,693 

Other
non-current liabilities 4,478 1,500 

Total
liabilities 581,093 330,966 

Commitments
and contingencies (Note 13) 

Members
(deficit) equity (15,511 ) 60,176 

Total
liabilities and members (deficit) equity $ 565,582 $ 391,142 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements.

F-5

FAT
BRANDS TWIN PEAKS I, LLC

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

(dollars
in thousands)

Fiscal
Year Ended

December 31, 2023 Fiscal
Year Ended

December 25, 2022 

Revenue 

Restaurant
sales $ 199,369 $ 140,639 

Franchise
revenue 31,498 25,217 

Total
revenue 230,867 165,856 

Costs
and expenses 

Restaurant
operating costs 

Food
and beverage costs 53,512 39,200 

Labor
and benefits costs 64,024 43,941 

Other
operating costs 37,722 25,110 

Occupancy
costs 13,112 8,063 

Advertising
expense 16,792 12,690 

Pre-Opening
expense 1,136 900 

General
and administrative expense 19,252 15,818 

Depreciation
and amortization 12,377 8,458 

Total
costs and expenses 217,927 154,180 

Income
from operations 12,940 11,676 

Other
income (expense), net 

Interest
expense, net (29,714 ) (24,508 )

Other
income 2,704 61 

Total
other expense, net (27,010 ) (24,447 )

Loss
before income tax (14,070 ) (12,771 )

Income
tax provision (benefit) (230 ) 

Net
loss $ (13,840 ) $ (12,771 )

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements.

F-6

FAT
BRANDS TWIN PEAKS I, LLC

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN MEMBERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY

(dollars
in thousands)

Balance
at December 26, 2021 $ 72,256 

Share-based
compensation 691 

Net
loss (12,771 )

Balance
at December 25, 2022 $ 60,176 

Distribution
to Parent (93,993 )

Contribution
of Barbeque Integrated, Inc. from Parent 

31,834 

Share-based
compensation 312 

Net
loss (13,840 )

Balance
at December 31, 2023 $ (15,511 )

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements.

F-7

FAT
BRANDS TWIN PEAKS I, LLC

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

(dollars
in thousands)

Fiscal
Year Ended

December 31, 2023 

Fiscal
Year Ended

December 25, 2022 

Cash
flows from operating activities 

Net
loss $ (13,840 ) $ (12,771 )

Adjustments
to reconcile net loss to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

Depreciation
and amortization 12,377 8,458 

Share-based
compensation 312 691 

Change
in lease right-of-use assets (821 ) 892 

Accretion
of loan fees and interest 4,861 4,183 

Change
in: 

Accounts
receivable (246 ) 70 

Other
current assets 255 (255 )

Other
non-current assets 336 (291 )

Accounts
payable 171 (2,497 )

Accrued
expenses and other liabilities 1,681 248 

Deferred
income 959 1,115 

Other
current and non-current liabilities (6,000 )

Total
adjustments 19,885 6,614 

Net
cash provided by (used in) operating activities 6,045 (6,157 )

Cash
flows from investing activities 

Proceeds
from sale of property and equipment 9,259 9,934 

Purchases
of property and equipment (23,873 ) (17,811 )

Principal
receipts from notes receivable 1,500 

Net
cash used in investing activities (14,614 ) (6,377 )

Cash
flows from financing activities 

Proceeds
from borrowings of long-term debt, net of issuance costs 9,405 7,182 

Repayment
of borrowings (8,885 ) (5,459 )

Financing
proceeds from affiliates 15,224 4,692 

Net
cash provided by financing activities 15,744 6,415 

Net
increase (decrease) in cash and restricted cash 7,175 (6,119 )

Cash
and restricted cash at beginning of the period 16,970 23,089 

Cash
and restricted cash at end of the period $ 24,145 $ 16,970 

Supplemental
disclosures of cash flow information 

Cash
paid for interest $ 26,137 $ 21,333 

Supplemental
disclosure of non-cash financing activity 

Issuance
and distribution of long-term debt to the Parent $ 93,994 $ 

Contribution
of Barbeque Integrated Inc. from Parent $ 31,834 $ 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements.

F-8

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE
1. ORGANIZATION 

Organization
and Nature of Business

FAT
Brands Twin Peaks I, LLC (the Company) is a wholly-owned subsidiary of FAT Brands Inc. (the Parent) and is
the owner and franchisor of the Twin Peaks restaurant brand. The Parent is a publicly traded company whose common shares are traded under
the symbol FAT on the NASDAQ stock market. On October 1, 2021, the Parent acquired the Twin Peaks restaurant brand and
upon closing contributed the acquired assets and liabilities to the Company. The Parent elected to push down the new acquisition basis
of its assets and liabilities to the Company on October 1, 2021.

We
operate as one operating segment and our chief operating decision maker reviews operating results and performance for all company-owned
and franchised locations together. As of December 31, 2023, the Company owned two restaurant brands, 109 Twin Peaks locations, of
which 76 were franchised and the remaining 33 operated as owned restaurants, and 61 Smokey Bones locations operated as owned restaurants.
Our revenues are derived from franchised Twin Peaks restaurants (comprised of royalties, franchise fees and advertising revenue) as well
as sales of food and beverages at our Company-owned restaurant locations. The Company licenses the right to use the Twin Peaks brand
name and provides franchisees with operating procedures and methods of merchandising. Upon signing a franchise agreement, the franchisor
is committed to provide training, some supervision and assistance, and access to operations manuals. As needed, the franchisor will also
provide advice and written materials concerning techniques of managing and operating the restaurants.

Our
Parent is a leading multi-brand restaurant franchising company that develops, markets and acquires primarily quick-service, fast casual,
casual and polished casual dining restaurant concepts around the world.

Contribution
of Barbeque Integrated, Inc. Smokey Bones

On
September 25, 2023 (the acquisition date), Fat Brands, Inc completed their acquisition of Barbeque Integrated, Inc. (Smokey
Bones) and on March 21, 2024 (the contribution date) contributed all of the equity in Smokey Bones to the Company
at the Parents carry over basis. The contribution was non-taxable for federal income tax purposes. The Company retroactively recorded
the contribution of Smokey Bones and consolidated the assets, liabilities, and operating results since the Parents acquisition
date September 25, 2023, as required by the business combinations under common control guidance in ASC 805-50, Business Combinations
Related Issues. The net purchase price of the Parent for Smokey Bones was $31.8 million. The preliminary allocation of the
$31.8 million purchase consideration to the net tangible and intangible assets of Smokey Bones on September 25, 2023 is presented in
the table below (in millions):

Cash $ 1.9 

Accounts receivable 1.2 

Other current assets 4.1 

Operating lease right-of-use asset 109.6 

Goodwill 12.0 

Other intangible assets 8.8 

Property and equipment 18.1 

Other assets 1.8 

Accounts payable (3.6 )

Accrued expenses and other liabilities (12.5 )

Operating lease liability, current portion (109.6 )

Total net identifiable assets $ 31.8 

There
were no intercompany transactions between the Company and Smokey Bones. On the contribution date, the approximate carrying values of
current assets, total assets, current liabilities, and total liabilities were $8.1 million, $154.4 million, $16.3 million and $127.4
million, respectively.

F-9

Liquidity

The
Companys primary requirements for liquidity are to fund working capital needs, operating and finance lease obligations, capital
expenditures and debt service on the securitized debt. The ongoing capital expenditures are principally related to opening new restaurants
and the remodeling and maintenance of existing restaurants. The primary sources of liquidity are restaurant operations, cash on hand
and availability of advances from our Parent.

The
Company is contemplating an initial registration with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) that would involve
the spin-off of the Company from the Parent and a sale of a portion of the Parents equity ownership in the Company to the public.
The proceeds would be used to extinguish Securitized Debt as well as used to fund the Companys capital expenditures and working
capital requirements. There are no assurances that such a public sale of Company shares will occur or that the Company may need to explore
other financing alternatives.

NOTE
2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Fiscal
Year The Company operates on a 52/53 week calendar and its fiscal year ends on the last Sunday of the calendar year.
Fiscal year 2023 consisted of 53 weeks and ended on December 31, 2023 (fiscal 2023). Fiscal year 2022 contained 52 weeks
and ended on December 25, 2022 (fiscal 2022). Unless otherwise stated, references to years in this report relate to fiscal
years.

Basis
of Presentation The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP) and include our accounts and the accounts of our subsidiaries.
All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Certain reclassifications have been made to prior period
amounts to conform to the current year presentation.

Use
of Estimates in the Preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements The preparation of the consolidated financial
statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported
amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Significant estimates include the recoverability of goodwill and other
intangible assets, and allowances for uncollectible notes receivable and accounts receivable. Estimates and assumptions also affect the
reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Credit
and Depository Risks Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist
principally of cash and accounts receivable. Cash and cash equivalents balances are maintained in financial institutions, which at times
exceed federally insured limits. The Company monitors the financial condition of these institutions and has not experienced losses on
these accounts in the past. Management evaluates each of its franchisees financial condition prior to entry into a franchise agreement,
as well as periodically through the term of the agreement, and believes that it has adequately provided for any exposure to potential
credit losses.

Concentration
Risk 48% of the Companys franchise revenue is derived from three franchisees.

Restricted
Cash The Company has restricted cash consisting of funds required to be held in trust in connection with its securitized
debt. The current portion of restricted cash was $15.0 million December 31, 2023. Non-current restricted cash of $4.6 million as of December
31, 2023 includes interest reserves required to be set aside for the duration of the Securitized Debt.

Accounts
Receivable, Net Accounts receivable are due within less than 12 months are recorded at the invoiced amount and are stated
net of an allowance for doubtful accounts. The allowance for doubtful accounts is the Companys best estimate of the amount of
expected probable credit losses in existing accounts receivable. The allowance is based on a variety of factors including historical
collection, current economic conditions and current franchisee information. Account balances are charged off against the allowance after
all means of collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote.

F-10

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets Long-lived assets, which include property and equipment and operating lease right-of-use assets,
are reviewed for impairment on a regular basis, in addition to whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of the assets
to the undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset group. If the assets are determined to be impaired, the amount
of impairment recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds their fair value. Estimates of
future cash flows are based on the Companys experience and knowledge of local operations.

Leases
We currently lease all of our domestic Company-operated restaurants, our home office and certain equipment under various
non-cancelable lease agreements that expire on various dates. Upon the possession of a leased asset, we determine its classification
as an operating or financing lease. All of our real estate leases are classified as operating leases and most of our equipment leases
are classified as finance leases.

Rent
expense for the Companys leases, which generally have escalating rentals over the term of the lease, is recorded on a straight-line
basis over the lease term. Our real estate leases typically provide for fixed minimum rent payments and/or contingent rent payments based
upon sales in excess of specified thresholds. When the achievement of such sales thresholds is deemed to be probable, contingent rent
is accrued in proportion to the sales recognized during the period. Lease expense associated with rent escalation and contingent rental
provisions is not material and is included within operating lease cost.

We
calculate operating lease assets and lease liabilities as the present value of fixed lease payments over the reasonably certain lease
term beginning at the commencement date. We measure the lease liability by discounting the future fixed contractual payments included
in the lease agreement, using our incremental borrowing rate. As most of the Companys leases do not provide an implicit rate,
the Company used its incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at commencement date in determining the present value
of lease payments.

For
operating leases, fixed lease payments are recognized as operating lease cost on a straight-line basis over the lease term. For finance
leases, the asset is depreciated on a straight-line basis over the remaining lease term, along with recognition of interest expense associated
with accretion of the lease liability. For leases with a lease term of 12 months or less (short-term lease), any fixed
lease payments are recognized on a straight-line basis over such term, and are not recognized on the consolidated balance sheets. Variable
lease cost for both operating and finance leases, if any, is recognized as incurred. Our lease agreements do not contain any material
residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants.

We
expend cash for leasehold improvements to build out and equip our leased premises. Generally, a portion of the leasehold improvements
and building costs are reimbursed by our landlords as landlord incentives pursuant to agreed-upon terms in our lease agreements. If obtained,
landlord incentives usually take the form of up-front cash, full or partial credits against our future minimum or contingent rents otherwise
payable by us, or a combination thereof. In most cases, landlord incentives are received after we take possession of the property, as
we meet required milestones during the construction of the property. We include these amounts in the measurement of the initial operating
lease liability, which are also reflected as a reduction to the initial measurement of the right-of-use asset.

Inventory
Inventories consist of food, beverages, supplies and small wares, and are stated at the lower of cost (weighted-average
cost method) or net realizable value. Inventory costs are included in the line item Other current assets on the consolidated
balance sheets.

Pre-Opening
Costs Pre-opening costs including rent, wages, benefits and travel for the training and opening teams, food, beverage
and other restaurant operating costs, are expensed as incurred prior to a restaurant opening.

Share-based
Compensation The Parent has a stock option plan which provides for options to purchase shares of the Parents common
stock. Options issued under the plan may have a variety of terms as determined by the Parents Board of Directors including the
option term, the exercise price and the vesting period. Options granted to employees and directors are valued at the date of grant and
recognized as an expense over the vesting period in which the options are earned. Cancellations or forfeitures are accounted for as they
occur. Stock options issued to non-employees as compensation for services are accounted for based upon the estimated fair value of the
stock option. The Company recognizes this expense over the period in which the services are provided. Management utilizes the Black-Scholes
option-pricing model to determine the fair value of the stock options issued by the Parent. See Note 11 for more details on the Companys
share-based compensation expense.

F-11

Employee
Retention Credit (ERC) On March 27, 2020, the U.S. government enacted the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Security
Act (the CARES Act) to provide certain relief as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. The CARES Act provides tax relief,
along with other stimulus measures, including a provision for an Employee Retention Credit (ERC). As there is no authoritative
guidance under U.S. GAAP on accounting for government assistance to for-profit business entities, the Company accounts for the ERC by
analogy to International Accounting Standards, Accounting for Government Grants and Disclosure of Government Assistance (IAS 20).
During 2022, the Company filed with the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) credits totaling $1.9 million and, in accordance
with IAS 20, fully reserved the amounts claimed until such time when it was determined that the Company has reasonable assurance that
the credits will be realized. During 2023, the Company received in cash from the IRS all of the credits claimed and recognized $1.9 million
as other income in the 2023 consolidated statement of operations.

Goodwill
and Other Intangible Assets Intangible assets are stated at the estimated fair value at the date of acquisition and include
goodwill, trademarks, and franchise agreements. Goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite lives, such as trademarks, are not
amortized but are reviewed for impairment annually or more frequently if indicators arise. All other intangible assets are amortized
over their estimated weighted average useful lives, which range from nine to fourteen years. Management assesses potential impairments
to goodwill at least annually at reporting unit level, or more frequently when there is evidence that events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of goodwill may not be recovered. The Company performs the annual goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible
assets impairment analysis as of the first day of the fourth quarter. The Company has a single reporting unit. Judgments regarding the
existence of impairment indicators and future cash flows related to intangible assets are based on operational performance of the acquired
businesses, market conditions and other factors.

Fair
Value Measurements The Company determines the fair market values of its financial assets and liabilities, as well as
non-financial assets and liabilities that are recognized or disclosed at fair value on a recurring basis, based on the fair value hierarchy
established in GAAP. As necessary, the Company measures its financial assets and liabilities using inputs from the following three levels
of the fair value hierarchy:

Level
1 inputs are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

Level
2 inputs are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, including
quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities.

Level
3 inputs are unobservable and reflect the Companys own assumptions.

The
Company does not have a material amount of financial assets or liabilities that are required to be measured at fair value on a recurring
basis under U.S. GAAP. None of the Companys non-financial assets or non-financial liabilities are required to be measured at fair
value on a recurring basis. The Company believes the fair value of its total long-term debt at December 31, 2023 is approximately $340
million based on the effective interest rate of the newly issued debt with face amount of $98 million with identical terms during September
2023.

Income
Taxes The Company is as wholly-owned subsidiary of the Parent. As a single member LLC, the Company is a disregarded entity
for US federal tax income tax purposes and its activities are included on the corporate returns filed by the Parent. Income tax expense
or benefit is not separately computed and presented in the Companys financial statements as permissible under ASC 740. The Company
files separate state income tax returns, but the amounts are not significant.

Smokey
Bones, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, is organized as a corporation and is subject to income taxes and utilizes the asset
and liability method. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between financial
reporting and tax reporting bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using enacted tax rates and laws that are expected to be
in effect when the differences are expected to reverse. Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon future earnings, the timing
and amount of which are uncertain.

F-12

Earnings
Per Share As a single member LLC, the Company does not compute or disclose earnings per share calculations.

Revenue
Recognition Revenue consists of Company owned restaurant sales and franchise revenue (franchise fees, royalties, advertising
revenue and management fees). Generally, revenue is recognized as promised goods or services transfer to the guest or customer in an
amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services.

Company
owned restaurant revenue is recognized at the point in time when food and beverage products are sold. We present company restaurant sales
net of sales-related taxes collected from customers and remitted to governmental taxing authorities.

The
franchise arrangement is documented in the form of a franchise agreement. The franchise arrangement requires the Company to perform various
activities to support the brand that do not directly transfer goods and services to the franchisee, but instead represent a single performance
obligation, which includes the transfer of the franchise license. The services provided by the Company are highly interrelated with the
franchise license and are considered a single performance obligation. Franchise fee revenue from the sale of individual franchises is
recognized over the term of the individual franchise agreement on a straight-line basis. Unamortized non-refundable deposits collected
in relation to the sale of franchises are recorded as deferred franchise fees. Franchise fees recorded as deferred revenue to be recognized
over the life of the franchise agreements were $4.6 million and $4.4 million at December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022, respectively.

The
franchise fee may be adjusted from time to time at managements discretion and the adjusted franchise fee is included in franchise
agreement modifications or renewal contracts. Deposits are non-refundable upon acceptance of the franchise application. In the event
a franchisee does not comply with its development timeline for opening franchise stores, the franchise rights may be terminated, at which
point the franchise fee revenue is recognized as non-refundable deposits.

In
addition to franchise fee revenue, the Company collects a royalty calculated as a percentage of net sales from our franchisees. Royalties
are recognized as revenue when the related sales are made by the franchisees. Royalties collected in advance of sales are classified
as deferred income until earned.

The
Company requires advertising fee payments from franchisees based on a percent of net sales. The Company also receives, from time to time,
payments from vendors that are to be used for advertising. Advertising funds collected are required to be spent for specific advertising
purposes. Advertising revenue and the associated expense are recorded gross on the Companys consolidated statements of operations.
Assets and liabilities associated with the related advertising fees are reflected in the Companys consolidated balance sheets.

Deferred
income pertains to gift cards that have been sold but not yet redeemed and earned awards under the Companys loyalty program but
not yet redeemed. Revenue is recognized when gift cards and loyalty rewards are redeemed by the customer. Breakage for unredeemed amounts
is estimated based on historical experience and is recognized as revenue in proportion to the pattern of rights exercised by the customer.
Gift card liability balance at December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022 was $3.4 million and $0.9 million, respectively.

Recently
Issued Accounting Standards

In
November 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2023-07,
Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosure, to require a public entity to disclose significant
segment expenses and other segment items on an annual and interim basis and to provide in interim periods all disclosures about a reportable
segments profit or loss and assets that are currently required annually. Public entities with a single reportable segment are
required to provide the new disclosures and all the disclosures required under ASC 280. The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024, on a retrospective basis. Early adoption
is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of this ASU on our consolidated financial statements and expect that adoption of
ASU 2023-07 will lead to additional segment disclosures in our annual financial statements for 2024 and subsequently reported annual
and interim periods.

F-13

NOTE
3. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

Property
and equipment, net consists primarily of real estate (including land, buildings and tenant improvements) and equipment.

As
of December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022, the Companys gross carrying value of property and equipment and accumulated depreciation
balances were (in millions):

2023 2022 

Real
estate $ 4.8 $ 3.7 

Building
and leasehold improvements 53.7 37.6 

Furniture,
Fixtures, and Equipment 29.5 12.6 

Construction
in Process 4.7 4.1 

Total
property and equipment, gross 92.7 58.0 

Less:
accumulated depreciation (17.9 ) (7.8 )

Total
property and equipment, net $ 74.8 $ 50.2 

Depreciation
expense on property and equipment for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022 was $10.1 million and $6.5 million,
respectively.

NOTE
4. REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS 

The
following table summarizes contract liabilities related to the franchise fees as of December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022 (in thousands):

2023 2022 

Franchise
fees liability at the beginning of the year 4,362 3,353 

Revenue
recognized 520 226 

Franchise
fees received during the period 740 1,235 

Franchise
fees liability at the end of the year 4,582 4,362 

The
following table presents disaggregated revenue by the method of recognition (in thousands):

2023 2022 

Revenue
recognized over time 

Franchise
fees $ 520 $ 226 

Revenue
recognized at a point in time 

Royalties $ 19,019 $ 15,720 

Advertising
fees 9,548 8,270 

Restaurant
sales 199,369 140,639 

Management
fees and other income 2,411 1,001 

Total $ 230,347 $ 165,630 

NOTE
5. GOODWILL

The
following table reflects the changes in carrying amounts of goodwill for the Companys two reporting units for the fiscal years
ended December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022 (in millions):

2023 2022 

Balance,
beginning $ 105.1 $ 105.1 

Acquired
Smokey Bones 12.1 

Impaired 

Balance,
end of year $ 117.2 $ 105.1 

F-14

NOTE
6. OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS, NET

Other
intangible assets consist primarily of trademarks and franchise agreements that were classified as identifiable intangible assets at
the time of the brands acquisition by our Parent. Franchise agreements and customer relationships are amortized over the useful
life of the asset. Certain trademarks are considered to have an indefinite useful life and are not amortized.

Changes
in Carrying Value of Other Intangible Assets

The
changes in carrying value of other intangible assets were as follows for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023 and December 25,
2022 (in millions):

Amortizing Non-Amortizing

indefinite-lived Total 

2023 2022 2023 2022 2023 2022 

Balance,
beginning $ 26.1 $ 28.1 $ 136.8 $ 136.8 $ 162.9 $ 164.9 

Acquisition
Smokey Bones 

8.8 8.8 

Repurchased
franchise right 0.3 0.3 

Amortization
expense (2.3 ) (2.0 ) (2.3 ) (2.0 )

Impairments 

Balance,
end of year $ 32.9 $ 26.1 $ 136.8 $ 136.8 $ 169.7 $ 162.9 

Gross
Carrying Value and Accumulated Amortization of Other Intangible Assets

The
carrying value of amortizing other intangible assets was as follows as of December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022 (in millions):

December
31, 2023 December
25, 2022 

Gross
Carrying Amount Accumulated
Amortization Net
Carrying Amount Gross
Carrying Amount Accumulated
Amortization Net
Carrying Amount 

Franchise
agreements $ 28.2 $ (4.5 ) $ 23.7 $ 28.2 $ (2.5 ) $ 25.7 

Trademarks 

8.8 (0.2 ) 

8.6 

Other 0.9 (0.1 ) 0.8 0.4 0.4 

$ 37.9 $ (4.8 ) $ 33.1 $ 28.6 $ (2.5 ) $ 26.1 

The
expected future amortization of the Companys intangible assets is as follows (in millions):

Fiscal
year: 

2024 $ 2.9 

2025 2.9 

2026 2.9 

2027 2.9 

2028 2.9 

Thereafter 18.6 

Total $ 33.1 

F-15

NOTE
7. ACCRUED EXPENSES

Accrued
expenses consist of the following (in thousands):

2023 2022 

Accrued
interest $ 6,104 $ 3,500 

Payroll
and payroll related 6,190 3,644 

Sales
and beverage taxes payable 3,143 1,126 

Property
taxes payable 2,576 1,222 

Accrued
advertising 1,515 3,857 

Other
accrued expenses 6,149 1,767 

Total $ 25,677 $ 15,116 

NOTE
8. LEASES

Operating
Leases

As
of December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022, the Company has recorded 96 and 31 operating leases for corporate offices and for certain
owned restaurant properties, respectively. The leases have remaining terms ranging from approximately 0.6 years to 21.3 years. The Company
recognized lease expense of $10.5 million and $6.5 million for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022, respectively.
The weighted average remaining lease term of the operating leases as of December 31, 2023 was 9.2 years.

Operating
lease right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities as of December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022 were as follows (in millions):

2023 2022 

Operating
lease right of use assets $ 166.7 $ 50.9 

Operating
lease liabilities $ 168.2 $ 52.2 

The
operating lease right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities include obligations relating to the optional term extensions available
on certain restaurant leases based on managements intention to exercise the options. The weighted average discount rate used to
calculate the carrying value of the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities was 9.0%, which is based on the Companys incremental
borrowing rate at the time the lease is acquired.

The
contractual future maturities of the Companys operating lease liabilities subsequent to December 31, 2023, including anticipated
lease extensions, are as follows (in millions):

Fiscal
Year 

2024 $ 20.2 

2025 20.1 

2026 20.0 

2027 20.0 

2028 19.2 

Thereafter 254.4 

Total
lease payments 353.9 

Less
imputed interest 185.7 

Total
present value of operating lease liabilities $ 168.2 

F-16

Supplemental
cash flow information for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022 related to leases is as follows (in
millions):

2023 2022 

Cash
paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities: 

Operating
cash flows from operating leases $ 6.5 $ 5.7 

Operating
lease right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new lease obligations: 

Operating
lease liabilities $ 8.1 $ 6.4 

Financing
Leases

On
December 1, 2023, the Company executed a financing lease for restaurant equipment for 2 newly constructed corporate restaurants.

Financing
lease right-of-use assets and financing lease liabilities as of December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022 were as follows (in millions):

2023 2022 

Financing
lease right-of-use assets $ 3.6 

Financing
lease liabilities $ 2.9 

The
weighted average discount rate used to calculate the carrying value of the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities was 8.3%, which
is based on the Companys incremental borrowing rate at the time the lease is acquired.

The
contractual future maturities of the Companys financing lease liabilities as of December 31, 2023 including anticipated lease
extensions, are as follows (in millions):

Fiscal
Year 

2024 $ 1.3 

2025 1.7 

Total
lease payments 3.0 

Less
imputed interest 0.1 

Total
present value of financing lease liabilities $ 2.9 

Supplemental
cash flow information for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022 related to leases is as follows (in
millions):

2023 2022 

Cash
paid for amounts included in the measurement of financing lease liabilities: 

Operating
cash flows from financing leases $ 0.1 

Financing
lease right of use assets obtained in exchange for new lease obligations: 

Financing
lease liabilities $ 3.6 

Restaurant
Properties Sale Leaseback Transactions

In
the fourth quarter of 2023, we completed sale leaseback transactions of two newly constructed restaurant properties. The restaurant properties
were sold at the construction cost resulting in proceeds of $9.3 million with no gain or loss. The initial term of the leases is
20 years and they have been accounted for as operating leases.

F-17

In
the fourth quarter of 2022, we completed sale leaseback transactions of two newly constructed restaurant properties. The restaurant properties
were sold at the construction cost resulting in proceeds of $9.9 million with no gain or loss. The initial term of the leases is
20 years and they have been accounted for as operating leases.

NOTE
9. DEBT

Long-term
debt consisted of the following (in millions):

December
31,

2023 December
25, 2022 

Final
Maturity Rate Face
Value Book
Value Book
Value 

Senior
debt 7/25/2051 8.00% $ 198.0 $ 193.7 $ 147.9 

Senior
subordinated debt 7/25/2051 10.00% 50.0 48.6 47.7 

Subordinated
debt 7/25/2051 11.00% 100.0 96.5 46.2 

Total
Securitized Debt 348.0 338.8 241.8 

Equipment
notes 12/16/2025
to 3/7/2029 7.99%
to 11.5% 1.9 1.9 1.3 

Promissory
note 10/4/2024 5.3% 1.0 1.0 

Construction
loan 12/28/2024 Prime
+ 1% 2.2 2.2 0.4 

Total
debt $ 353.1 343.9 243.5 

Current
portion of long-term debt (9.9 ) (1.9 )

Long-term
debt, net of current portion $ 334.0 $ 241.6 

Twin
Peaks Securitization

In
connection with the acquisition of Twin Peaks, on October 1, 2021, the Company completed the issuance and sale in a private offering
of an aggregate principal amount of $250.0 million of Series 2021-1 Fixed Rate Secured Notes (the Twin Acquisition Notes).
The net proceeds from the sale of the Notes were used by the Parent to finance the cash portion of the purchase price for the acquisition
of Twin Peaks Buyer, LLC and its direct and indirect subsidiaries. Net proceeds totaled $237 million, which consisted of the combined
face amount of $250.0 million ($150 million senior debt, $50 million senior subordinated debt, and $50 million subordinated debt), net
of debt offering costs of $5.6 million and original issue discount of $7.5 million. Substantially all of the proceeds were used to acquire
Twin Peaks. Immediately following the closing of the acquisition of Twin Peaks, the Parent contributed the franchising subsidiaries of
Twin Peaks to the Company, pursuant to a Contribution Agreement.

On
September 8, 2023, FAT Brands Twin Peaks I, LLC issued an additional $50.0 million of subordinated debt and $48.0 million of senior
debt for an aggregate of $98.0 million principal amount of fixed rate secured notes to FAT Brands Inc. (collectively with the Twin
Acquisition Notes, the Twin Peaks Securitization Notes). 

As
of December 31, 2023, the carrying value of the Twin Peaks Securitization Notes was $338.8 million (net of debt offering costs of $2.1
million and original issue discount of $5.6 million). The Company recognized interest expense on the Twin Peaks Securitization Notes
of $29.3 million for year ended December 31, 2023, which includes $1.8 million for amortization of debt offering costs and $3.1 million
for amortization of the original issue discount. The effective interest rate of the Twin Peaks Securitization Notes, including the amortization
of debt offering costs and original issue discount, was 10.8% and 9.7% during the years ended December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022.

The
Twin Peaks Securitization Notes are generally secured by a security interest in substantially all the assets of FAT Brands Twin Peaks
I, LLC, and its subsidiaries.

F-18

The
Twin Peaks Securitization Notes require that the principal (if any) and interest obligations be segregated to ensure appropriate funds
are reserved to pay the quarterly principal and interest amounts due. The amount of monthly cash flow that exceeds the required monthly
interest reserve is generally remitted to the Parent. Interest payments are required to be made on a quarterly basis and, unless repaid
on or before July 25, 2023, additional interest equal to 1.0% per annum will accrue on the then outstanding principal balance of each
tranche. The material terms of the Twin Peaks Securitization Notes also include, among other things, the following financial covenants:
(i) debt service coverage ratio, (ii) leverage ratio and (iii) senior leverage ratio. As of December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022,
and all the way through the date of issuance of these financial statements, the Company was in compliance with these covenants.

Equipment
Financing

During
fiscal year 2022, the Company entered into certain equipment financing arrangements to borrow up to $1.0 million per restaurant, the
proceeds of which will be used to purchase certain equipment for a new Twin Peaks restaurant and to retrofit existing restaurants with
equipment (the Equipment Financing). The Equipment Financing has maturity dates ranging from May 5, 2027 to March 7, 2029,
and bears interest at fixed rates between 7.99% and 8.49% per annum. The Equipment Financing is secured by certain equipment of the Twin
Peaks restaurant.

During
fiscal year 2023, the Company entered into an equipment financing arrangements to borrow up to $1.4 million which will be used to purchase
certain equipment for a new Twin Peaks restaurant. The maturity date is December 16, 2025 and bears interest of 11.5% and is secured
by certain equipment of the Twin Peaks restaurant.

Construction
Loan Agreement

On
July 12, 2022, an indirect subsidiary of the Company entered into a construction loan agreement, the proceeds of which were used for
a new corporate Twin Peaks in Northlake, Texas. The loan was paid in full in December 2022.

On
December 5, 2022, an indirect subsidiary of the Company entered into a construction loan agreement to borrow up to $4.5 million, the
proceeds of which will be used for a new corporate Twin Peaks restaurant (the Construction Loan). The Construction Loan
has an initial maturity of August 5, 2023, with an optional six-month extension, bearing interest at the greater of the three-month Secured
Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) plus 360 basis points, or 8% per year, and is secured by land and building. This note was paid off in
December 2023 with the proceeds from sale leaseback of the restaurant.

On
December 28, 2023, the Company entered into a construction loan agreement to borrow up to $4.75 million, the proceeds of which will be
used for a new corporate Twin Peaks. The Construction Loan has an initial maturity of December 28, 2024, with an optional one year extension,
bearing interest at prime plus 1% and is secured by land and building.

Promissory
Note

On
December 4, 2023, the Company purchased a franchisee location for $1.3 million, consisting of cash and a promissory note for $1.0 million
which bears interest at a rate of 5.03% and is due in 10 equal monthly payments.

Scheduled
principal maturities of long-term debt for the next five fiscal years are as follows (in millions):

Fiscal
Year 

2024 $ 10.6 

2025 7.8 

2026 7.3 

2027 7.2 

2028 7.0 

F-19

NOTE
10. INCOME TAX

The
Companys income tax expense related to Smokey Bones was comprised of the following

December
31, 2023 

Current 

Federal $ 

State 25,016 

25,016 

Deferred 

Federal (255,237 )

State 

(255,237 )

Total income tax expense (benefit) $ (230,221 )

The
Company accounts for income taxes whereby deferred income tax assets and liabilities are computed annually for differences between the
financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities that will result in taxable or deductible amounts in the future based on
enacted tax rates and laws applicable to periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income.

The
components of the deferred tax assets and liability at December 31, 2023 was as follows

December
31, 2023 

Deferred tax assets: 

Property and
equipment depreciation $ 597,163 

Lease termination 592,894 

Lease liabilities 27,971,674 

Net operating loss carryforward 3,357,953 

Accrued payroll 98,651 

Insurance reserves 131,835 

163(j) interest limitation 605,071 

Other 300,703 

Total DTA $ 33,655,944 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Right of Use assets $ (27,932,927 )

Amortization of intangibles (2,210,507 )

Total DTL (30,143,434 )

Valuation allowances (3,554,153 )

Net deferred tax liability $ (41,643 )

Net
deferred tax liability was included in other non-current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2023. A valuation
allowance is utilized to reduce the carrying amount of deferred tax assets reported if, based on the weight of the evidence, it is more
likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. As of December 31, 2023, the Company has a
deferred tax liability of $41,643, representing the benefit management has estimated will more likely than not be realized. After consideration
of all of the evidence, both positive and negative, management has determined that a valuation allowance at December 31, 2023 is necessary
to reserve its deferred tax assets.

As
of December 31, 2023, the Company estimates indefinite pre-tax net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $11.9 million and pre-tax
state and city net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $12.6 million. The Companys net operating losses are not subject
to annual Section 382 limitations due to lack of ownership changes impacting the future realization.

F-20

The
Company recognizes the financial statement benefit of a tax position only after determining that the relevant tax authority would more
likely than not sustain the position following an audit. For tax positions meeting the more-likely-than-not threshold, the amount recognized
in the financial statements is the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement
with the relevant tax authority. Increases or decreases to the unrecognized tax benefits could result from managements belief
that a position can or cannot be sustained upon examination based on subsequent information or potential lapse of the applicable statute
of limitation for certain tax positions.

Smokey
Bones files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state jurisdictions. The table below summarizes the open
tax years and ongoing examinations in major jurisdictions as of January 1, 2023:

Jurisdiction Open
Years

United
StatesFederal Income Tax 2020
2023

United
StatesVarious States 2020
2023

The
Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. As of December 31, 2023, the Company
had no material uncertain tax positions and provisions for interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions.

NOTE
11. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION

Effective
September 30, 2017, our Parent adopted the 2017 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan). The Plan was amended on December
20, 2022 to increase the number of shares available for issuance under the Plan. The Plan is a comprehensive incentive compensation plan
under which our Parent can grant equity-based and other incentive awards to officers, employees and directors of, and consultants and
advisors to, our Parent and its subsidiaries. The Plan provides a maximum of 5,000,000 shares available for grant.

On
November 16, 2021, our Parent granted certain employees of the Company 200,000 stock options with an exercise price of $11.43. The options
vest over a period of three years, with one-third of each grant vesting annually. The related compensation expense is recognized over
the vesting period.

During
2022 and 2023, the Company recognized equity-based compensation expense in the amount of $0.7 million and $0.3 million, respectively,
representing the allocation from our Parent of share-based compensation expense for grants to the Companys employees. As of December
31, 2023, there remains $0.1 million of share-based compensation expense relating to non-vested grants, which will be recognized over
the remaining vesting period, subject to future forfeitures.

The
fair value on the date of grant was $1.2 million. The range of assumptions used in the Black-Scholes option pricing model to value the
options granted on November 16, 2021 are as follows:

Expected
dividend yield 4.6 %

Expected
volatility 88.8 %

Risk-free
interest rate 1.4 %

Expected
term (in years) 6.0 

As
of December 31, 2023, there were 200,000 options outstanding with a weighted average exercise price of $11.43.

NOTE
12. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

We
may engage in transactions with other companies, owned or controlled by affiliates of our Parent in the normal course of business.

The
Due to Affiliates represents the payable as of the end of the reporting period of advances (for capital expenditures or other working
capital needs) received from the Parent or its affiliates and are settled in accordance with the legal and contractual restrictions governing
transactions by and among the Parents consolidated entities. The outstanding balance at December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022
was $16.5 million and $4.7 million, respectively.

F-21

As
discussed in Note 9, Debt, on September 8, 2023, the Company issued an additional $98.0 million aggregate principal amount of fixed rate
secured notes to FAT Brands Inc. The Company has incurred a total interest of $1.6 million and paid interest of $1.2 million for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. As of December 31, 2023, $48.0 million principal amount senior debt and $12.3 million of subordinated
debt was sold to a third-party net of debt issuance cost and discounts of $4.3 million. Subsequent to December 31, 2023, $31 million
has been sold by the Parent to a third-party net of debt issuance costs and discount of $2.6 million.

Subsequent
to December 31, 2023, the Company issued an additional $50.0 million aggregate principal amount of fixed rate notes to FAT Brands Inc.,
which were subsequently sold to third parties net of debt issuance costs and original issuance discount of $2.9 million.

On
October 1, 2021, the Company entered into a management agreement (the Management Agreement) with the Parent. The Parent
is authorized by us to perform management services on our behalf. The Management Agreement provides for an annual management fee of $2.5
million, subject to a three percent annual increase. For the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022, we paid
the Parent $2.5 million and $2.5 million, respectively, and recorded the same amount of expense to general and administrative expense
on our consolidated statements of operations.

NOTE
13. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

Litigation

The
Company is periodically involved in various claims and litigation in the normal course of business. While the Company estimates its exposure
for these claims and establishes reserves for the estimated probable liabilities, the actual liabilities could be in excess of these
reserves. The Company believes that the result of any potential claims will not have a material adverse effect on the Companys
financial condition.

NOTE
14. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

Subsequent
events were reviewed through May 7, 2024, the date the consolidated financial statements were available to be issued. The Company considers
events or transactions that occur after the balance sheet date but before the financial statements are issued to provide additional evidence
relative to certain estimates or to identify matters that require additional disclosure. See paragraph 2 to Note 12. Related Party Transactions
for the only material subsequent event.

F-22

FAT
BRANDS TWIN PEAKS I, LLC

CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

(dollars
in thousands)

September
29, 2024 December
31, 2023 

(unaudited) 

Assets 

Current assets 

Cash $ 7,942 $ 4,491 

Restricted cash 19,897 15,046 

Accounts receivable, net 1,787 2,276 

Other
current assets 8,321 6,280 

Total current assets 37,947 28,093 

Non-current restricted cash 1,728 4,608 

Lease right-of-use asset 159,646 169,355 

Goodwill 117,185 117,159 

Other intangible assets, net 167,482 169,728 

Property and equipment, net 81,349 74,822 

Other non-current assets 1,764 1,817 

Total
assets $ 567,101 $ 565,582 

Liabilities and members (deficit) equity 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable $ 8,957 $ 9,487 

Accrued expenses and other
liabilities 27,129 25,677 

Deferred income, current
portion 3,002 3,641 

Lease liability, current
portion 21,435 21,585 

Acquisition payable, current
portion 3,000 

Long-term
debt, current portion 16,116 9,861 

Total current liabilities 76,639 73,251 

Deferred income, net of current portion 4,792 4,365 

Lease liability, net of current portion 143,495 149,489 

Long-term debt, net of current portion 381,482 334,020 

Due to affiliates 

10,000 18,013 

Other non-current liabilities 2,321 1,955 

Total liabilities 618,729 581,093 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 12) 

Members (deficit)
equity (51,628 ) (15,511 )

Total
liabilities and members (deficit) equity $ 567,101 $ 565,582 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.

F-23

FAT
BRANDS TWIN PEAKS I, LLC

CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

(UNAUDITED)

(dollars
in thousands)

Thirteen
Weeks Ended Thirty-Nine
Weeks Ended 

September
29, 2024 September
24, 2023 September
29, 2024 September
24, 2023 

Revenue 

Restaurant
sales $ 75,599 $ 37,889 $ 242,594 $ 114,036 

Franchise
revenue 8,066 8,061 24,726 22,596 

Total
revenue 83,665 45,950 267,320 136,632 

Costs and expenses 

Restaurant operating
costs 

Food and beverage costs 20,826 10,072 66,167 30,158 

Labor and benefits costs 24,778 12,186 77,798 35,963 

Other operating costs 16,761 7,054 50,073 20,703 

Occupancy costs 6,639 2,251 19,872 6,634 

Advertising expense 4,328 3,925 15,080 11,204 

Pre-Opening expense 843 537 935 577 

General and administrative
expense 7,167 3,581 21,160 10,400 

Depreciation
and amortization 5,913 2,509 17,500 7,156 

Total
costs and expenses 87,255 42,115 268,585 122,795 

Income from operations (3,590 ) 3,835 (1,265 ) 13,837 

Other income (expense), net 

Interest expense, net (12,617 ) (7,060 ) (35,029 ) (19,435 )

Other
income 21 114 526 

Total
other expense, net (12,617 ) (7,039 ) (34,915 ) (18,909 )

Income (loss) before income tax (16,207 ) (3,204 ) (36,180 ) (5,072 )

Income tax provision (benefit) 10 

(10 ) 

Net income (loss) $ (16,217 ) $ (3,204 ) $ (36,170 ) $ (5,072 )

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.

F-24

FAT
BRANDS TWIN PEAKS I, LLC

CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN MEMBERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY

(UNAUDITED)

(dollars
in thousands)

For
the Thirty-Nine Weeks ended September 29, 2024

Balance at December 31, 2023 $ (15,511 )

Distribution to Parent, net (158 )

Share-based compensation 211 

Net loss (36,170 )

Balance at September 29, 2024 $ (51,628 )

For
the Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended September 24, 2023

Balance at December 25, 2022 $ 60,176 

Distribution to Parent, net (93,993 )

Share-based compensation 252 

Net income (5,072 )

Balance at September 24, 2023 $ (38,637 )

For
the Thirteen Weeks Ended September 29, 2024

Balance at June 30, 2024 $ (79,666 )

Contribution from Parent, net 44,246 

Share-based compensation 9 

Net loss (16,217 )

Balance at September 29, 2024 $ (51,628 )

For
the Thirteen Weeks Ended September 24, 2023

Balance at June 25, 2023 $ 58,476 

Distribution to Parent, net (93,993 )

Share-based compensation 84 

Net Income (3,204 )

Balance at September 24, 2023 $ (38,637 )

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.

F-25

FAT
BRANDS TWIN PEAKS I, LLC

CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

(UNAUDITED)

(dollars
in thousands)

Thirty-Nine
Weeks

Ended

September
29, 2024 

Thirty-Nine
Weeks

Ended

September
24, 2023 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net Income
(loss) $ (36,170 ) $ (5,072 )

Adjustments to reconcile
net loss to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

Depreciation and amortization 17,482 7,156 

Share-based compensation 211 252 

Change in lease right-of-use
assets 2,150 603 

Accretion of loan fees
and interest 9,191 3,757 

Change in: 

Accounts receivable 489 (628 )

Other current assets (2,041 ) (609 )

Other non-current assets 54 (724 )

Accounts payable (530 ) 1,569 

Accrued expenses and
other liabilities 1,450 2,599 

Deferred income (212 ) 121 

Other
current and non-current liabilities 297 

Total
adjustments 28,541 14,096 

Net
cash provided by (used in) operating activities (7,629 ) 9,024 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Purchases
of property and equipment (20,306 ) (11,334 )

Net
cash used in investing activities (20,306 ) (11,334 )

Cash flows from financing activities 

Proceeds from borrowings
of long-term debt, net of issuance costs 7,902 6,339 

Repayment of borrowings (7,149 ) (174 )

Financing
proceeds from affiliates 32,604 1,515 

Net
cash provided by (used in) financing activities 33,357 7,680 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and restricted
cash 5,422 5,370 

Cash
and restricted cash at beginning of the period 24,145 16,970 

Cash
and restricted cash at end of the period $ 29,567 $ 22,340 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest $ 25,483 $ 15,080 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash financing
activity 

Issuance and distribution
of long-term debt, net to the Parent $ 43,775 $ 93,993 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.

F-26

NOTES
TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)

NOTE
1. ORGANIZATION

Organization
and Nature of Business

FAT
Brands Twin Peaks I, LLC (the Company) is a wholly-owned subsidiary of FAT Brands Inc. (the Parent) and is
the owner and franchisor of the Twin Peaks restaurant brand. The Parent is a publicly traded company whose common shares are traded under
the symbol FAT on the NASDAQ stock market. On October 1, 2021, the Parent acquired the Twin Peaks restaurant brand and
upon closing contributed the acquired assets and liabilities to the Company. The Parent elected to push down the new acquisition basis
of its assets and liabilities to the Company on October 1, 2021.

We
operate as one operating segment and our chief operating decision maker reviews operating results and performance for all company-owned
and franchised locations together. As of September 29, 2024, the Company owned two restaurant brands, 115 Twin Peaks locations, of which
81 were franchised and the remaining 33 operated as owned restaurants and 60 Smokey Bones locations operated as owned restaurants. Our
revenues are derived from franchised Twin Peaks restaurants (comprised of royalties, franchise fees and advertising revenue) as well
as sales of food and beverages at our Company-owned restaurant locations. The Company licenses the right to use the Twin Peaks brand
name and provides franchisees with operating procedures and methods of merchandising. Upon signing a franchise agreement, the franchisor
is committed to provide training, some supervision and assistance, and access to operations manuals. As needed, the franchisor will also
provide advice and written materials concerning techniques of managing and operating the restaurants.

Our
Parent is a leading multi-brand restaurant franchising company that develops, markets and acquires primarily quick-service, fast casual,
casual and polished casual dining restaurant concepts around the world.

Pro
Forma Information

On
September 25, 2023, FAT Brands Inc. completed their acquisition of Barbeque Integrated, Inc. (Smokey Bones), and, on March
21, 2024, contributed all of the equity in Smokey Bones to the Company. The table below presents the combined pro forma revenue and net
loss of the Company and Barbeque Integrated Inc. for the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023, respectively, assuming
the acquisition had occurred on December 27, 2022 (the beginning of the Companys 2023 fiscal year). This pro forma information
does not purport to represent what the actual results of operations of the Company would have been had the acquisition of Barbeque Integrated
Inc. occurred on this date nor does it purport to predict the results of operations for future periods.

(in millions) 

Thirteen
Weeks Ended

September
24, 2023 

Thirty-Nine
Weeks Ended

September
24, 2023 

Revenue $ 83.3 $ 266.3 

Net Income (Loss) $ 5.7 $ 4.1 

Liquidity

The
Companys primary requirements for liquidity are to fund working capital needs, operating and finance lease obligations, capital
expenditures and debt service on the securitized debt. The ongoing capital expenditures are principally related to opening new restaurants
and the remodeling and maintenance of existing restaurants. The primary sources of liquidity are restaurant operations, cash on hand
and availability of advances from our Parent.

F-27

NOTE
2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Fiscal
Year The Company operates on a 52/53 week calendar and its fiscal year ends on the last Sunday of the calendar year.
Fiscal year 2023 consisted of 53 weeks and ended on December 31, 2023 (fiscal 2023). Fiscal year 2024 is a 52-week year.

Basis
of Presentation The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP) and include our accounts and the accounts
of our subsidiaries and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto for the year ended
December 31, 2023, included elsewhere in this information statement. In the opinion of the Company, all adjustments considered necessary
for the fair presentation of the Companys results of operations, financial position and cash flows for the periods presented have
been included and are of a normal, recurring nature. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
Certain reclassifications have been made to prior period amounts to conform to the current year presentation.

Use
of Estimates The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to
make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Significant
estimates include the recoverability of goodwill and other intangible assets, and allowances for uncollectible notes receivable and accounts
receivable. Estimates and assumptions also affect the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates.

Concentration
Risk 46% of the Companys franchise revenue is derived from three franchisees.

Restricted
Cash The Company has restricted cash consisting of funds required to be held in trust in connection with its securitized
debt. The current portion of restricted cash was $19.9 million as of September 29, 2024. Non-current restricted cash of $1.8 million
as of September 29, 2024 includes interest reserves required to be set aside for the duration of the Securitized Debt.

Recently
Issued Accounting Standards

In
November 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2023-07,
Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosure, to require a public entity to disclose significant
segment expenses and other segment items on an annual and interim basis and to provide in interim periods all disclosures about a reportable
segments profit or loss and assets that are currently required annually. Public entities with a single reportable segment are
required to provide the new disclosures and all the disclosures required under ASC 280. The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024, on a retrospective basis. Early adoption
is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of this ASU on our condensed consolidated financial statements and expect that adoption
of ASU 2023-07 will lead to additional segment disclosures in our annual financial statements for fiscal 2024 and subsequent annual and
interim periods.

F-28

NOTE
3. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

Property
and equipment, net consists primarily of real estate (including land, buildings and tenant improvements) and equipment.

Property
and equipment and accumulated depreciation balances were (in millions):

September
29, 2024 December
31, 2023 

Real estate $ 4.8 $ 4.8 

Building and leasehold improvements 62.4 53.7 

Furniture, Fixtures, and Equipment 35.3 29.5 

Construction in Process 9.8 4.7 

Total property and equipment,
gross 112.3 92.7 

Less: accumulated depreciation (31.0 ) (17.9 )

Total
property and equipment, net $ 81.3 $ 74.8 

Depreciation
expense on property and equipment for the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023 was $4.6 million and $2.0 million,
respectively. Depreciation expense on property and equipment for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023
was $13.8 million and $5.6 million, respectively.

NOTE
4. REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS

The
following table presents disaggregated revenue by the method of recognition for the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended (in thousands):

Thirteen
Weeks Ended Thirty-Nine
Weeks Ended 

September
29, 2024 September
24, 2023 September
29, 2024 September
24, 2023 

Revenue recognized over time 

Franchise
fees $ 60 $ 332 $ 173 $ 425 

Revenue recognized at a point in time 

Royalties $ 5,042 $ 4,719 $ 15,135 $ 13,736 

Advertising fees 2,495 2,363 7,541 6,905 

Restaurant sales 75,599 37,890 242,594 114,036 

Management
fees and other income 469 646 1,877 1,530 

Total $ 83,665 $ 45,950 $ 267,320 $ 136,632 

F-29

NOTE
5. GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS, NET 

Other
intangible assets consist primarily of trademarks and franchise agreements that were classified as identifiable intangible assets at
the time of the brands acquisition by our Parent. Franchise agreements and customer relationships are amortized over the useful
life of the asset. Certain trademarks are considered to have an indefinite useful life and are not amortized.

Changes
in Carrying Value of Other Intangible Assets

The
changes in carrying value of other intangible assets were as follows (in millions):

Non-Amortizing
Intangible Assets 

Amortizing Goodwill Trademarks 

Balance, December 31, 2023 $ 32.9 $ 117.2 $ 136.8 

Amortization expense (2.2 ) 

Balance, September 29, 2024 $ 30.7 $ 117.2 $ 136.8 

Gross
Carrying Value and Accumulated Amortization of Other Intangible Assets

The
carrying value of amortizing other intangible assets was as follows (in millions):

September
29, 2024 December
31, 2023 

Gross
Carrying Amount Accumulated
Amortization Net
Carrying Amount Gross
Carrying Amount Accumulated
Amortization Net
Carrying Amount 

Franchise agreements $ 28.2 $ (6.1 ) $ 22.1 $ 28.2 $ (4.5 ) $ 23.7 

Trademarks 8.8 (0.9 ) 7.9 8.8 (0.2 ) 8.6 

Other 0.7 (0.1 ) 0.6 0.7 (0.1 ) 0.6 

$ 37.7 $ (7.0 ) $ 30.7 $ 37.7 $ (4.8 ) $ 32.9 

The
expected future amortization of the Companys intangible assets is as follows (in millions):

Fiscal year: 

Remainder of 2024 $ 0.8 

2025 2.9 

2026 2.9 

2027 2.9 

2028 2.9 

Thereafter 18.3 

Total $ 30.7 

NOTE
6. ACCRUED EXPENSES 

Accrued
expenses consist of the following (in millions):

September
29, 2024 December
31, 2023 

Accrued interest $ 6.8 $ 6.1 

Payroll and payroll related 6.7 6.2 

Sales and beverage taxes payable 2.9 3.1 

Other accrued expenses 10.7 10.3 

Total $ 27.1 $ 25.7 

F-30

NOTE
7. LEASES 

Operating
Leases

As
of September 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company has recorded 92 and 96 operating leases for corporate offices and for certain
owned restaurant properties, respectively. The leases have remaining terms ranging from approximately 0.1 years to 20.5 years. The Company
recognized lease expense of $5.3 and $1.8 million for the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023, respectively.
The Company recognized lease expense of $16.0 and $5.4 million for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023,
respectively. The weighted average remaining lease term of the operating leases as of September 29, 2024 was 9.2 years.

Operating
lease right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities were as follows (in millions):

September
29, 2024 December
31, 2023 

Operating lease right of use assets $ 157.4 $ 165.1 

Operating lease liabilities $ 162.9 $ 168.2 

The
operating lease right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities include obligations relating to the optional term extensions available
on certain restaurant leases based on managements intention to exercise the options. The weighted average discount rate used to
calculate the carrying value of the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities was 9.0%, which is based on the Companys incremental
borrowing rate at the time the lease is acquired.

The
contractual future maturities of the Companys operating lease liabilities subsequent to September 29, 2024, including anticipated
lease extensions, are as follows (in millions):

Fiscal Year 

Remainder 2024 $ 5.1 

2025 19.9 

2026 19.8 

2027 19.8 

2028 18.8 

Thereafter 250.9 

Total lease payments 334.3 

Less
imputed interest 171.4 

Total
present value of operating lease liabilities $ 162.9 

Supplemental
cash flow information for thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023 related to leases is as follows (in millions):

Thirty-Nine
Weeks Ended 

September
29, 2024 September
24, 2023 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement
of operating lease liabilities: 

Operating
cash flows from operating leases $ 15.0 $ 4.8 

F-31

Financing
Leases

On
December 1, 2023, the Company executed a financing lease for restaurant equipment for two newly constructed corporate restaurants.

Financing
lease right-of-use assets and financing lease liabilities as of September 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023 were as follows (in millions):

September
29, 2024 December
31, 2023 

Financing lease right-of-use assets $ 2.2 $ 3.6 

Financing lease liabilities $ 2.0 $ 2.9 

The
weighted average discount rate used to calculate the carrying value of the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities was 8.3%, which
is based on the Companys incremental borrowing rate at the time the lease is acquired.

The
contractual future maturities of the Companys financing lease liabilities as of September 29, 2024, including anticipated lease
extensions, are as follows (in millions):

Fiscal Year 

Remainder 2024 $ 0.4 

2025 1.4 

Total lease payments 2.5 

Less
imputed interest 0.2 

Total
present value of financing lease liabilities $ 2.3 

Supplemental
cash flow information for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023 related to leases is as follows (in
millions):

Thirty-Nine
Weeks Ended 

September
29, 2024 September
24, 2023 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement
of financing lease liabilities: 

Operating
cash flows from financing leases $ 1.1 $ 0.9 

Financing lease right of use assets obtained
in exchange for new lease obligations: 

Financing lease liabilities $ $ 3.6 

F-32

NOTE
8. DEBT

Long-term
debt consisted of the following (in millions):

September
29, 2024 December
31,

2023 

Final Maturity Rate Face
Value Book
Value Book
Value 

Senior debt 7/25/2051 7.00 % $ 243.7 $ 241.5 $ 193.7 

Senior subordinated debt 7/25/2051 9.00 % 49.0 48.6 48.6 

Subordinated
debt 7/25/2051 10.00 % 98.1 95.9 96.5 

Total Securitized Debt 390.8 386.0 338.8 

Equipment notes 5/8/2027 to 7/31/2028 7.99%
to 11.5% 4.7 4.7 1.9 

Promissory note 10/4/2024 5.3 % 0.1 0.1 1.0 

Construction loan 12/28/2024 Prime
+ 1% 3.6 3.6 2.2 

Construction loan 10/1/2025 12.5 % 3.2 3.2 

Total
debt $ 402.4 397.6 343.9 

Current portion of long-term
debt (16.1 ) (9.9 )

Long-term debt, net
of current portion $ 381.5 $ 334.0 

Twin
Peaks Securitization

In
connection with the acquisition of Twin Peaks, on October 1, 2021, the Company completed the issuance and sale in a private offering
of an aggregate principal amount of $250.0 million of Series 2021-1 Fixed Rate Secured Notes. The net proceeds from the sale of the Notes
were used by the Parent to finance the cash portion of the purchase price for the acquisition of Twin Peaks Buyer, LLC and its direct
and indirect subsidiaries. Net proceeds totaled $237 million, which consisted of the combined face amount of $250.0 million ($150 million
senior debt, $50 million senior subordinated debt, and $50 million subordinated debt), net of debt offering costs of $5.6 million and
original issue discount of $7.5 million. Substantially all of the proceeds were used to acquire Twin Peaks. Immediately following the
closing of the acquisition of Twin Peaks, the Parent contributed the franchising subsidiaries of Twin Peaks to the Company, pursuant
to a Contribution Agreement.

On
September 8, 2023, FAT Brands Twin Peaks I, LLC issued an additional $50.0 million of subordinated debt and $48.0 million of senior debt
for an aggregate of $98.0 million principal amount of fixed rate secured notes to FAT Brands Inc., of which $60.3 million was sold to
third parties, net of debt issuance cost and discounts of $4.2 million. During the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024, $35.3
million was sold to third parties, net of debt issuance cost and discounts of $3.3 million.

On
March 20, 2024, FAT Brands Twin Peaks I, LLC issued an additional $50.0 million aggregate principal amount of one tranche of fixed rate
secured notes to FAT Brands Inc., of which $38.8 million was sold to third parties during the first quarter, net of debt issuance cost
and discounts of $2.4 million and $11.2 was sold to third parties during the second quarter ended June 30, 2024, net of discounts of
$0.5 million.

As
of September 29, 2024, the carrying value of the securitized notes was $390.8 million (net of debt offering costs of $0.8 million and
original issue discount of $3.9 million). During the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024, the Company recognized interest expense
on the securitized notes of $12.3 million, which includes $0.6 million for amortization of debt offering costs and $2.9 million for amortization
of the original issue discount. During the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024, the Company recognized interest expense on the
securitized notes of $34.9 million, which includes $1.7 million for amortization of debt offering costs and $7.5 million for amortization
of the original issue discount. The effective interest rate of the securitized notes, including the amortization of debt offering costs
and original issue discount, was 12.3% and 10.5% during the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023.

F-33

The
securitized notes are generally secured by a security interest in substantially all the assets of FAT Brands Twin Peaks I, LLC, and its
subsidiaries.

The
securitized notes require that the principal (if any) and interest obligations be segregated to ensure appropriate funds are reserved
to pay the quarterly principal and interest amounts due. The amount of monthly cash flow that exceeds the required monthly interest reserve
is generally remitted to the Parent. Interest payments are required to be made on a quarterly basis and, unless repaid on or before July
25, 2023, additional interest equal to 1.0% per annum will accrue on the then outstanding principal balance of each tranche. The material
terms of the securitized notes also include, among other things, the following financial covenants: (i) debt service coverage ratio,
(ii) leverage ratio and (iii) senior leverage ratio. As of September 29, 2024, and all the way through the date of issuance of these
financial statements, the Company was in compliance with these covenants.

Equipment
Financing

During
fiscal year 2022, the Company entered into certain equipment financing arrangements to borrow up to $1.0 million per restaurant, the
proceeds of which will be used to purchase certain equipment for a new Twin Peaks restaurant and to retrofit existing restaurants with
equipment (the Equipment Financing). The Equipment Financing has maturity dates ranging from May 5, 2027 to March 7, 2028,
and bears interest at fixed rates between 7.99% and 8.49% per annum. The Equipment Financing is secured by certain equipment of the
Twin Peaks restaurant.

During
fiscal year 2023, the Company entered into equipment financing arrangements to borrow up to $1.4 million which will be used to purchase
certain equipment for a new Twin Peaks restaurant. The maturity date is July 1, 2028, bears interest of 11.5%, and is secured
by certain equipment of the Twin Peaks restaurant.

During
fiscal year 2024, the Company entered into equipment financing arrangements to borrow up to $4.2 million which will be used to purchase
certain equipment for three new Twin Peaks restaurants. The loans mature in 48 months and bear interest of 11.5% and are secured by certain
equipment of the Twin Peaks restaurants.

Construction
Loan Agreements

On
December 5, 2022, an indirect subsidiary of the Company entered into a construction loan agreement to borrow up to $4.5 million, the
proceeds of which will be used for a new corporate Twin Peaks restaurant (the Construction Loan). The Construction Loan
had an initial maturity of August 5, 2023, with an optional six-month extension, bearing interest at the greater of the three-month Secured
Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) plus 360 basis points, or 8% per year, and is secured by land and building. This note was paid off in
December 2023 with the proceeds from sale leaseback of the restaurant.

On
December 28, 2023, the Company entered into a construction loan agreement to borrow up to $4.75 million, the proceeds of which will be
used for a new corporate Twin Peaks. The Construction Loan has an initial maturity of December 28, 2024, with an optional one-year extension,
bearing interest at prime plus 1% and is secured by land and building.

On
September 20, 2024, the Company entered into a loan agreement to borrow $3.2 million with an initial maturity of October 1, 2025,
bearing interest at 12.5% per annum and is secured by land and building of a new corporate restaurant. As of September 29, 2024,
the total amount outstanding on the loan was $3.2 million.

Promissory
Note

On
December 4, 2023, the Company purchased a franchisee location for $1.3 million, consisting of cash and a promissory note for $1 million
which bears interest at a rate of 5.03% and is due in 10 equal monthly payments.

F-34

NOTE
9. INCOME TAX

The
Companys income tax expense provision related to Smokey Bones, which has been consolidated since September 25, 2023, was comprised
of the following (in millions):

Thirty-Nine
Weeks Ended

September
29, 2024 

Provision for income taxes $ (0.1 )

Effective tax rate 0.1 %

Income
tax (benefit) provision related to continuing operations differ from the amounts computed by applying the statutory income tax rate to
pretax income as follows (in millions):

Thirty-Nine
Weeks Ended

September
29, 2024 

Tax benefit at statutory rate $ (7.6 )

State and local income taxes (1.7 )

State and federal valuation allowances 3.4 

Nondeductible Expenses 0.3 

Tax credits (1.0 )

Remove non-taxable jurisdiction 6.6 

Total
income tax provision $ (0.1 )

NOTE
10. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION

Effective
September 30, 2017, our Parent adopted the 2017 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan). The Plan was amended on December
20, 2022 to increase the number of shares available for issuance under the Plan. The Plan is a comprehensive incentive compensation plan
under which our Parent can grant equity-based and other incentive awards to officers, employees and directors of, and consultants and
advisors to, our Parent and its subsidiaries. The Plan provides a maximum of 5,000,000 shares available for grant.

On
November 16, 2021, our Parent granted certain employees of the Company 200,000 stock options with an exercise price of $11.43. The options
vest over a period of three years, with one-third of each grant vesting annually. The related compensation expense is recognized over
the vesting period.

During
the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023, the Company recognized equity-based compensation expense in the
amount of $0.2 million, representing the allocation from our Parent of share-based compensation expense for grants to the Companys
employees.

NOTE
11. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

We
may engage in transactions with our Parent and other companies, owned or controlled by affiliates of our Parent, in the normal course
of business.

The
Due to Affiliates represents the payable as of the end of the reporting period of advances (for capital expenditures or other working
capital needs) received from the Parent or its affiliates and are settled in accordance with the legal and contractual restrictions governing
transactions by and among the Parents consolidated entities. During the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024, the Parent
paid $3.0 million of acquisition payable on the Companys behalf, which is reflected in our consolidated statement of cash flows
as an increase in amounts due to affiliates. The outstanding Due to affiliates balance at September 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was
$10.0 million and $18.0 million, respectively.

At
September 29, 2024, $27.0 million of our securitized debt was held by the Parent and its affiliates. Cash interest paid to the Parent
and its affiliates during the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 was $4.0 million. No cash interest was paid to the Parent and
its affiliates during the thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023.

On
October 1, 2021, the Company entered into a management agreement (the Management Agreement) with the Parent. The Parent
is authorized by us to perform management services on our behalf. The Management Agreement provides for an annual management fee of $2.5
million, subject to a three percent annual increase. For the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023, we paid
the Parent $1.9 million and recorded the same amount of expense to general and administrative expense on our consolidated statements
of operations.

F-35

NOTE
12. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

Litigation

The
Company is periodically involved in various claims and litigation in the normal course of business. While the Company estimates its exposure
for these claims and establishes reserves for the estimated probable liabilities, the actual liabilities could be in excess of these
reserves. The Company believes that the result of any potential claims will not have a material adverse effect on the Companys
financial condition.

In
May 2024, FAT Brands Inc. (FAT Brands or the Parent) was informed that it was indicted by the U.S. Department
of Justice (the DOJ) on two violations of Section 402 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act for directly and indirectly extending and/or
arranging for the extension of credit in 2019 and 2020 to its former CEO Andrew Wiederhorn in the amount of $2.65 million. These charges
allege that FAT Brands, through its subsidiary Fatburger N.A., transferred approximately $0.6 million to Mr. Wiederhorn in the form of
a personal loan on January 30, 2019, and lent approximately $2 million in 2020 to its former parent company Fog Cutter Capital Group
Inc. (FCCG) which indirectly funded a personal loan from FCCG to Mr. Wiederhorn. The indictment also includes charges against
Mr. Wiederhorn, FAT Brands former CFO, Rebecca Hershinger, and FAT Brands former tax advisor, William Amon, on violations
of various federal tax and other laws related to loans from FCCG to Mr. Wiederhorn.

Also
in May 2024, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filed a complaint against FAT Brands, claiming violations
of Section 17(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933; Sections 10(b), 13(a), 13(b)(2)(A), 13(b)(2)(B), 13(k), and 14(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934; and Rules 10b-5(b), 12b-20, 13a-1, 13a-13, 14a-3, and 14a-9 thereunder. The SECs claims pertain principally
to allegations that, for fiscal periods covering 2017 through 2020, FAT Brands failed to disclose certain related party transactions,
failed to disclose the salaries of Mr. Wiederhorns adult children working at FAT Brands, failed to maintain proper books and records
and internal accounting controls, made false or misleading statements regarding its liquidity and use of proceeds from certain transactions,
and directly or indirectly extended credit to Mr. Wiederhorn in the form of a personal loan. The SECs complaint also names Mr.
Wiederhorn, Ms. Hershinger, and FAT Brands SVP of Finance, Ron Roe, as defendants. The SEC is seeking injunctive relief, disgorgement,
and civil monetary penalties.

The
Parent intends to vigorously defend against such matters, which do not directly involve or allege any wrongdoing on the part of the Company.

NOTE
13. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

Subsequent
events were reviewed through November 1, 2024, the date the consolidated financial statements were available to be issued. The Company
considers events or transactions that occur after the balance sheet date but before the financial statements are issued to provide additional
evidence relative to certain estimates or to identify matters that require additional disclosure. The Company has concluded no subsequent
events have occurred that require disclosure.

F-36

Independent
Auditors Report

To
Management

Barbeque
Integrated, Inc.

Opinion

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements of Barbeque Integrated, Inc., which comprise the consolidated balance
sheet as of December 31, 2023, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for
the periods from September 25, 2023 through December 31, 2023 (Successor) and January 2, 2023 through September 24, 2023 (Predecessor),
and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements.

In
our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Barbeque
Integrated, Inc. as of December 31, 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the periods from September 25, 2023
through December 31, 2023 (Successor) and January 2, 2023 through September 24, 2023 (Predecessor) in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America.

Basis
for Opinion

We
conducted our audit in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAS). Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditors Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements
section of our report. We are required to be independent of Barbeque Integrated, Inc. and to meet our other ethical responsibilities,
in accordance with the relevant ethical requirements relating to our audit. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient
and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion.

Responsibilities
of Management for the Financial Statements

Management
is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America, and for the design, implementation, and maintenance of internal control relevant
to the preparation and fair presentation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to
fraud or error.

In
preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is required to evaluate whether there are conditions or events, considered
in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about Barbeque Integrated, Inc.s ability to continue as a going concern for one
year after the date that the consolidated financial statements are issued.

Auditors
Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements

Our
objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement,
whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level
of assurance but is not absolute assurance and therefore is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with GAAS will always
detect a material misstatement when it exists. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than
for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of
internal control. Misstatements are considered material if there is a substantial likelihood that, individually or in the aggregate,
they would influence the judgment made by a reasonable user based on the consolidated financial statements.

F-37

In
performing an audit in accordance with GAAS, we:

Exercise
professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit.

Identify
and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to fraud or error, and design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks.
Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures
in the consolidated financial statements.

Obtain
an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of Barbeque Integrated, Inc.s internal control. Accordingly,
no such opinion is expressed.

Evaluate
the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of significant accounting
estimates made by management, as well as evaluate the overall presentation of the consolidated
financial statements.

Conclude
whether, in our judgment, there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that
raise substantial doubt about Barbeque Integrated, Inc.s ability to continue as a
going concern for a reasonable period of time.

We
are required to communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit,
significant audit findings, and certain internal control-related matters that we identified during the audit.

/s/
CohnReznick LLP

Los
Angeles, California

May
6, 2024

F-38

BARBEQUE
INTEGRATED, INC.

CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEET

December
31, 2023

December
31, 2023 

Assets 

Current
assets: 

Cash
and cash equivalents $ 2,187,527 

Accounts
receivable 1,345,507 

Other
current assets 3,396,504 

Total
current assets 6,929,538 

Property
and equipment, net 16,821,736 

Lease
right-of-use asset, net 107,548,761 

Goodwill 12,042,832 

Other
intangible assets, net 8,580,000 

Other
non-current assets 671,720 

Total
assets $ 152,594,587 

Liabilities
and Stockholders Equity 

Current
liabilities: 

Accounts
payable $ 3,740,494 

Accrued
expenses and other liabilities 6,826,987 

Unearned
revenue 2,523,031 

Lease
liability, current portion 12,895,780 

Total
current liabilities 25,986,292 

Lease
liability, net of current portion 95,674,316 

Due
to affiliate 1,500,000 

Other
non-current liabilities 454,144 

Total
liabilities 123,614,752 

Commitments
and contingencies 

Stockholders
equity: 

Common
stock, $.001 par value, 1,000 shares authorized, Issued and outstanding 1 

Additional
paid-in capital 31,833,499 

Accumulated
deficit (2,853,665 )

Total
stockholders equity 28,979,835 

Total
liabilities and stockholders equity $ 152,594,587 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements.

F-39

BARBEQUE
INTEGRATED, INC

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

Period
from September 25, 2023 through December 31, 2023 (Successor) and

Period
from January 2, 2023 through September 24, 2023 (Predecessor)

Successor Predecessor 

September
25, 2023

through

December
31, 2023 

January
2, 2023

through

September
24, 2023 

Revenue 

Restaurant
sales $ 42,663,054 $ 129,646,797 

Cost
and expenses 

Restaurant
operating costs 

Food
and beverage costs 11,815,548 35,833,418 

Labor
and benefits 14,192,566 39,896,725 

Other
operating costs 9,537,354 29,704,313 

Occupancy
expense 4,136,094 11,123,883 

Advertising
expense 1,026,462 2,741,088 

General
and administrative expense 2,447,782 7,115,995 

Depreciation
and amortization 2,490,371 4,411,506 

Total
cost and expenses 45,646,177 130,826,928 

Loss
from operations (2,983,123 ) (1,180,131 )

Other
expense 

Interest
expense (5,072 ) (1,443,811 )

Other
expense (95,691 ) (1,561,000 )

Total
other expense (100,763 ) (3,004,811 )

Loss
from before income taxes (3,083,886 ) (4,184,942 )

Income
tax benefit 230,221 279,641 

Net
loss $ (2,853,665 ) $ (3,905,301 )

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements.

F-40

BARBEQUE
INTEGRATED, INC.

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT)

Period
from September 25, 2023 through December 31, 2023 (Successor) and

Period
from January 2, 2023 through September 24, 2023 (Predecessor)

Predecessor Shares Common

Stock Additional

Paid-In 

Capital Accumulated

Deficit Total 

Balances - January 1, 2023 1000 $ 1 $ 23,421,960 $ (32,391,320 ) $ (8,969,359 )

Net loss (3,905,301 ) (3,905,301 )

Balances - September
24, 2023 1000 1 23,421,960 (36,296,621 ) (12,874,660 )

Successor 

Balances - September 25, 2023 $ $ $ $ 

Acquisition by FAT Brands Inc 1000 1 31,833,499 31,833,500 

Net loss (2,853,665 ) (2,853,665 )

Balances - December
31, 2023 1000 $ 1 $ 31,833,499 $ (2,853,665 ) $ 28,979,835 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements.

F-41

BARBEQUE
INTEGRATED, INC.

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

Period
from September 25, 2023 through December 31, 2023 (Successor) and

Period
from January 2, 2023 through September 24, 2023 (Predecessor)

Successor Predecessor 

September
25, 2023

through

December
31, 2023 

January
2, 2023

through

September
24,2023 

Cash
flows from operating activities: 

Net
loss $ (2,853,665 ) $ (3,905,301 )

Adjustments
to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation
and amortization 2,490,370 4,411,506 

Operating
lease expense (130,402 ) (557,053 )

Deferred
income taxes (189,626 ) (334,284 )

Interest
accretion on debt 1,406,789 

Loss
on lease termination 378,831 

Lease
termination payments (112,500 ) (337,499 )

Changes
in operating assets and liabilities 

Accounts
receivable (229,053 ) 459,500 

Other
current assets 662,524 850,742 

Other
non-current assets 997,886 

Accounts
payable 161,494 (1,195,859 )

Accrued
expenses and other liabilities (1,751,060 ) (882,748 )

Unearned
revenue 704,427 (684,459 )

Net
cash used in operating activities (249,605 ) (389,835 )

Cash
flows from investing activities: 

Purchases
of property and equipment (966,776 ) (2,068,058 )

Net
cash used in investing activities (966,776 ) (2,068,058 )

Cash
flows from financing activities: 

Borrowings
under revolving line of credit 1,000,000 

Advances
from affiliate 1,500,000 

Net
cash provided by financing activities 1,500,000 1,000,000 

Net
increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 283,619 (1,457,893 )

Cash
and cash equivalents, beginning of period 1,903,908 3,361,801 

Cash
and cash equivalents, end of period $ 2,187,527 $ 1,903,908 

Supplemental
disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash
paid during the period for interest $ 4,193 $ 28,597 

Cash
paid during the period for income taxes $ 56 $ 33,171 

Cash
paid during the period for leases $ 3,238,253 $ 9,121,250 

Supplemental
disclosure of non cash investing and financing activities: 

Acquisition
by FAT Brands, Inc. $ 31,833,499 $ 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements.

F-42

BARBEQUE
INTEGRATED, INC.

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE
1. ORGANIZATION

Organization
and Nature of Business

The
principal business of Barbeque Integrated, Inc., and its subsidiaries, Smokey Bones, LLC and Integrated Card Solutions, LLC (collectively,
the Company), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Barbeque Holding, LLC (Predecessor Owner), is to own and operate
61 Smokey Bones Bar & Fire Grills restaurants located in the Eastern and Midwest United States. We operate as one operating segment
and our chief operating decision maker reviews operating results and performance for all locations on aggregate basis.

On
September 25, 2023, FAT Brands, Inc. (Parent) completed their acquisition of Barbeque Integrated, Inc. (the Acquisition)
from the Predecessor Owner. The consideration was $31.8 million. The preliminary assessment of the fair value of the net assets and liabilities
acquired by the Company through the transaction was estimated at $31.8 million. In connection with the acquisition, the Company incurred
$3.3 million of fees that were contingent upon the closing of the transaction. As such, these expenses were not recognized until the
transaction was consummated and are, therefore, not included in the predecessor or successor financial statements. The preliminary allocation
of the consideration to the identifiable assets acquired is presented in the table below (in millions):

Cash $ 1.9 

Accounts
receivable 1.2 

Other
current assets 4.1 

Other
intangible assets 8.8 

Goodwill 12.0 

Operating
lease right-of-use assets 109.6 

Other
assets 1.8 

Property
and equipment 18.1 

Accounts
payable (3.6 )

Accrued
expenses and other liabilities (12.5 )

Operating
lease liability (109.6 )

Total
net identifiable assets $ 31.8 

The
Parent is a leading multi-brand restaurant franchising company that develops, markets and acquires primarily quick-service, fast casual,
casual and polished casual dining restaurant concepts around the world.

Liquidity

The
Companys primary requirements for liquidity are to fund working capital needs, operating lease obligations, and capital expenditures.
The ongoing capital expenditures are principally related to opening new restaurants and the remodeling and maintenance of existing restaurants.
The primary sources of liquidity are restaurant operations, cash on hand and availability of advances from our Parent.

NOTE
2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Fiscal
Year The Company operates on a 52/53 week calendar and its fiscal year ends on the last Sunday of the calendar year. Fiscal
year 2023 consisted of 52 weeks and ended on December 31, 2023 (fiscal 2023). Unless otherwise stated, references to years
in this report relate to fiscal years.

F-43

BARBEQUE
INTEGRATED, INC.

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Basis
of Presentation The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP) and include our accounts and the accounts of our subsidiaries.
All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. The Company is presenting comparative financial statements,
which include financial results of the predecessor and successor. The predecessor period includes the results of operations from January
2, 2023 through September 24, 2023. This period will be referred to predecessor in the accompanying consolidated financial statements
and notes to those consolidated financial statements. The successor period includes the balance as of fiscal year ended December 31,
2023 and results of operations from September 25, 2023 through December 31, 2023. These periods will be referred to successor in the
accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes to those consolidated financial statements.

Use
of estimates in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements The preparation of the consolidated financial statements
in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of
revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Significant estimates include the recoverability of goodwill and determination of
fair value of tangible and intangible assets in connection with the purchase price allocation as a result of the acquisition by the Parent.
Estimates and assumptions also affect the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could
differ from those estimates.

Credit
and Depository Risks Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist
principally of cash and accounts receivable. Cash and cash equivalents balances are maintained in financial institutions, which at times
exceed federally insured limits. The Company monitors the financial condition of these institutions and has not experienced losses on
these accounts in the past.

Accounts
Receivable and Allowance for Credit Losses Accounts receivable are primarily comprised of credit card receivables and other
receivables from third-party delivery services that are paid in a short period of time, normally three months or less. Expected credit
losses are not measured for groups of financial assets whose historical credit loss information adjusted for current conditions and reasonable
forecasts results in an expectation that nonpayment of the amortized cost basis is at or near zero. Credit card receivables and receivables
from third-party delivery services generally settle within a short period of time, have historically had little to no credit losses,
and management continues to expect to collect more than substantially all of those receivables. Accordingly, an allowance for credit
losses has not been provided for credit card receivables and receivables from third-party delivery services carried at amortized cost.

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets Long-lived assets, which include property and equipment and operating lease right-of-use assets, are
reviewed for impairment on a regular basis, in addition to whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount
of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of the assets to the
undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset group.

If
the assets are determined to be impaired, the amount of impairment recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount
of the assets exceeds their fair value. Estimates of future cash flows are based on the Companys experience and knowledge of local
operations.

Leases
We currently lease all of our restaurants and our home office and certain equipment under various non-cancelable lease agreements
that expire on various dates. Upon the possession of a leased asset, we determine its classification as an operating or financing lease.
All of our real estate and equipment leases are classified as operating leases.

F-44

BARBEQUE
INTEGRATED, INC.

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Rent
expense for the Companys leases, which generally have escalating rentals over the term of the lease, is recorded on a straight-line
basis over the lease term. Our real estate leases typically provide for fixed minimum rent payments and/or contingent rent payments based
upon sales in excess of specified thresholds. When the achievement of such sales thresholds is deemed to be probable, contingent rent
is accrued in proportion to the sales recognized during the period. Lease expense associated with rent escalation and contingent rental
provisions is not material and is included within operating lease cost.

We
calculate operating lease assets and lease liabilities as the present value of fixed lease payments over the reasonably certain lease
term beginning at the commencement date. We measure the lease liability by discounting the future fixed contractual payments included
in the lease agreement, using our incremental borrowing rate. As most of the Companys leases do not provide an implicit rate,
the Company used its incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at commencement date in determining the present value
of lease payments.

For
operating leases, fixed lease payments are recognized as operating lease cost on a straight-line basis over the lease term. For leases
with a lease term of 12 months or less (short-term lease), any fixed lease payments are recognized on a straight-line basis
over such term, and are not recognized on the consolidated balance sheets. Variable lease cost for operating finance leases, if any,
is recognized as incurred. Our lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants.

We
expend cash for leasehold improvements to build out and equip our leased premises. Generally, a portion of the leasehold improvements
and building costs are reimbursed by our landlords as landlord incentives pursuant to agreed-upon terms in our lease agreements. If obtained,
landlord incentives usually take the form of up-front cash, full or partial credits against our future minimum or contingent rents otherwise
payable by us, or a combination thereof. In most cases, landlord incentives are received after we take possession of the property, as
we meet required milestones during the construction of the property. We include these amounts in the measurement of the initial operating
lease liability, which are also reflected as a reduction to the initial measurement of the right-of-use asset.

Inventory
Inventory consists of food, beverages and merchandise and is stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is
determined utilizing the first-in, first-out method. Appropriate consideration is given to obsolescence, excessive levels, deterioration
and other factors in evaluating lower of cost or market.

Pre-Opening
Costs Pre-opening costs including rent, wages, benefits and travel for the training and opening teams, food, beverage and
other restaurant operating costs, are expensed as incurred prior to a restaurant opening.

Goodwill
and Other Intangible Assets Intangible assets are stated at the estimated fair value at the date of acquisition and include
goodwill and trademarks. Goodwill is reviewed for impairment annually or more frequently if indicators arise.

Trademark
intangible assets are amortized over the estimated weighted average useful life of 10 years. Management assesses potential impairments
to goodwill at least annually at reporting unit level, or more frequently when there is evidence that events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of goodwill may not be recovered. The Company performs the annual goodwill impairment analysis as of
the first day of the fourth quarter. The Company has a single reporting unit. Judgments regarding the existence of impairment indicators
and future cash flows related to intangible assets are based on operational performance of the business, market conditions and other
factors.

F-45

BARBEQUE
INTEGRATED, INC.

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Fair
Value Measurements The Company determines the fair market values of its financial assets and liabilities, as well as non-financial
assets and liabilities that are recognized or disclosed at fair value on a recurring basis, based on the fair value hierarchy established
in GAAP. As necessary, the Company measures its financial assets and liabilities using inputs from the following three levels of the
fair value hierarchy:

Level
1 inputs are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

Level
2 inputs are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, including quoted prices in active markets for
similar assets or liabilities.

Level
3 inputs are unobservable and reflect the Companys own assumptions.

The
Company does not have a material amount of financial assets or liabilities that are required to be measured at fair value on a recurring
basis under U.S. GAAP. None of the Companys non-financial assets or non-financial liabilities are required to be measured at fair
value on a recurring basis. The Company believes the fair values of cash equivalents, accounts receivable and accounts payable approximate
their carrying amounts due to their short duration.

Income
Taxes Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are based on the difference between the financial statement and tax bases
of assets and liabilities as measured by the tax rates that are anticipated to be in effect when those differences reverse. The deferred
tax provision generally represents the net change in deferred tax assets and liabilities during the period. The effect on deferred tax
assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the results of operations in the period that includes the enactment
date. A valuation allowance is established when it is necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to amounts for which realization is more
likely than not. The Company recognizes the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax
position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities based on the technical merits of the position.

Revenue
Recognition Revenue consists of Company owned restaurant sales and revenue is recognized as promised goods or services transfer
to the guest or customer in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services.

Restaurant
revenue is recognized at the point in time when food and beverage products are sold. We present company restaurant sales net of sales-related
taxes collected from customers and remitted to governmental taxing authorities.

Unearned
revenue pertains to gift cards that have been sold but not yet redeemed and earned awards under the Companys loyalty program but
not yet redeemed. Revenue is recognized when gift cards and loyalty rewards are redeemed by the customer. Breakage for unredeemed amounts
is estimated based on historical experience and is recognized as revenue in proportion to the pattern of rights exercised by the customer.
Gift card and loyalty liability balance at December 31, 2023 was $2,967,140.

Recently
adopted accounting pronouncement On January 1, 2023, the Company adopted FASB Accounting Standards Update No, 2016-13, Measurement
of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments, and its related amendments (ASC 326). The new standard changes the impairment
model for most financial assets that are measured at amortized cost and certain other instruments, including trade receivables, from
an incurred loss model to a current and expected loss model and adds certain new required disclosures. Under the current and expected
loss model, entities recognize credit losses to be incurred over the entire contractual term of the instrument rather than delaying recognition
of credit losses until it is probable the loss has been incurred. In accordance with ASC 326, the Company evaluates certain criteria,
including aging and historical write-offs, current economic condition of specific customers and future economic conditions to determine
the appropriate allowance for credit losses. The impact of the adoption of the amended guidance was not material to the consolidated
financial statements.

F-46

BARBEQUE
INTEGRATED, INC.

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE
3. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

Property
and equipment, net consists primarily of real estate (including land, buildings and tenant improvements) and equipment.

The
Companys gross carrying value of property and equipment and accumulated depreciation balances for the fiscal year ended:

December
31, 2023 

Leasehold
improvements $ 4,577,599 

Furniture,
fixtures and equipment 14,514,507 

Total
property and equipment, gross 19,092,106 

Less:
Accumulated depreciation and amortization (2,270,370 )

$ 16,821,736 

Depreciation
expense on property and equipment for the period from September 25, 2023 through December 31, 2023 (Successor) and period from January
2, 2023 through September 24, 2023 (Predecessor) was approximately $2.3 million and $4.4 million, respectively.

NOTE
4. OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS, NET

Other
intangible assets consist of trademarks that were classified as identifiable intangible assets at the time of acquisition by the Parent
(Note 1). Trademarks are amortized over the useful life of 10 years.

The
changes in carrying value of other intangible assets were as follows for the fiscal year ended:

December
31, 2023 

Balance,
beginning $ 

Acquired 8,800,000 

Amortization
expense (220,000 )

Impaired 

Balance,
end of year $ 8,580,000 

The
expected future amortization of the Companys capitalized trademarks is as follows:

Fiscal
year: 

2024 $ 880,000 

2025 880,000 

2026 880,000 

2027 880,000 

2028 880,000 

Thereafter 4,180,000 

$ 8,580,000 

F-47

BARBEQUE
INTEGRATED, INC.

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE
5. ACCRUED EXPENSES AND OTHER LIABILITIES

Accrued
expenses and other liabilities consist of the following:

December
31, 2023 

Payroll
and payroll related $ 1,886,095 

Accrued
occupancy costs 1,528,717 

Accrued
sales taxes 1,032,252 

Other
accrued expenses 2,379,923 

Total $ 6,826,987 

NOTE
6. LEASES

Operating
lease right-of-use and operating lease liabilities relating to operating leases are as follows:

December
31, 2023 

Lease
right-of-use asset 

Property $ 108,562,784 

Equipment 293,058 

Total 108,855,842 

Accumulated
amortization (1,307,081 )

Lease
right-of-use asset, net $ 107,548,761 

Lease
liability 

Property $ 108,488,916 

Equipment 81,180 

Total
operating leases 108,570,096 

Lease
liability, current portion (12,895,780 )

Lease
liability, net of current portion $ 95,674,316 

December
31, 2023 

Weighted
average remaining term in years 

Operating
leases, property 5.4 

Operating
leases, equipment 1.5 

Weighted
average discount rate 

Operating
leases, property 8.40 %

Operating
leases, equipment 6.02 %

F-48

BARBEQUE
INTEGRATED, INC.

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Maturities
of the operating lease liabilities are as follows at December 31, 2023:

Fiscal
year: Amount 

2024 $ 12,895,780 

2025 12,653,609 

2026 12,568,947 

2027 12,506,681 

2028 11,662,073 

Thereafter 160,281,948 

Total
lease payments 222,569,038 

Less
imputed interest (113,998,942 )

Present
value of lease liabilities 108,570,096 

Less
current portion (12,895,780 )

Long-term
portion of lease liabilities $ 95,674,316 

NOTE
7. INCOME TAXES

The
Companys income tax benefit was comprised of the following:

Successor Predecessor 

December
31, 

2023 

January
2, 2023

through

September
24, 2023 

Current 

Federal $ $ 

State 25,016 3,135 

25,016 3,135 

Deferred 

Federal (255,237 ) (282,776 )

State 

(255,237 ) (282,776 )

Total
income tax benefit $ (230,221 ) $ (279,641 )

The
Company accounts for income taxes whereby deferred income tax assets and liabilities are computed annually for differences between the
financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities that will result in taxable or deductible amounts in the future based on
enacted tax rates and laws applicable to periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income.

F-49

BARBEQUE
INTEGRATED, INC.

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The
components of the deferred tax assets and liability at December 31, 2023 were as follows:

December
31, 2023 

Deferred
tax assets: 

Amortization
of intangible $ 

Property
and equipment depreciation 597,163 

Lease
termination 592,894 

Lease
liabilities 27,971,674 

Tax
credits carryforwards 

Net
operating loss carryforward 3,357,953 

Accrued
payroll 98,651 

Insurance
reserves 131,835 

163(j)
interest Limitation 605,071 

Other 300,703 

Total
DTA 33,655,944 

Deferred
tax liabilities 

Right
of Use assets (27,932,927 )

Amortization
of intangibles (2,210,507 )

Total
DTL (30,143,434 )

Valuation
allowances (3,554,153 )

Net
deferred tax liability $ (41,643 )

A
valuation allowance is utilized to reduce the carrying amount of deferred tax assets reported if, based on the weight of the evidence,
it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. As of December 31, 2023, the Company
has a deferred tax liability of $41,643, representing the benefit management has estimated will more likely than not be realized, and
is included in the consolidated balance sheets as a component of noncurrent liabilities. After consideration of all of the evidence,
both positive and negative, management has determined that a valuation allowance at December 31, 2023 is necessary to reserve its deferred
tax assets.

As
of December 31, 2023, the Company estimates indefinite pre-tax net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $11,935,000 and pre-tax
state and city net operating loss carryforward of approximately $12,623,000. The Companys net operating losses are not subject
to annual Section 382 limitations due to lack of ownership changes impacting the future realization.

The
Company recognizes the financial statement benefit of a tax position only after determining that the relevant tax authority would more
likely than not sustain the position following an audit. For tax positions meeting the more-likely-than-not threshold, the amount recognized
in the financial statements is the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement
with the relevant tax authority. Increases or decreases to the unrecognized tax benefits could result from managements belief
that a position can or cannot be sustained upon examination based on subsequent information or potential lapse of the applicable statute
of limitation for certain tax positions.

F-50

BARBEQUE
INTEGRATED, INC.

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The
Company and its subsidiaries file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state jurisdictions. The table below
summarizes the open tax years and ongoing examinations in major jurisdictions as of December 31, 2023:

Jurisdiction Open
Years

United
States - Federal Income Tax 2020-2023

United
States - Various States 2020-2023

The
Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. As of December 31, 2023, the Company
had no material uncertain tax positions and provisions for interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions.

NOTE
8. PROMISSORY NOTE

On
November 10, 2022, the Company entered into a promissory note with a related party (Promissory Note). The Promissory Note
had a fixed interest rate of 9.5% accruing daily. Interest accreted to the outstanding balance. The Promissory Note had a maturity date
of November 10, 2027 with a mandatory prepayment in the event of sale, public offering or liquidation.

During
the 2023 predecessor period, the Company received a drawdown of $1 million. In connection with the Acquisition the Promissory Note was
repaid in full. As of December 31, 2023, the Promissory Note had an outstanding balance of $0.

NOTE
9. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

We
may engage in transactions with other companies, owned or controlled by affiliates of the Parent in the normal course of business.

The
due to affiliates represents the payable as of the end of the reporting period of advances (for capital expenditures or other working
capital needs) received from the Parent or its affiliates and are settled in accordance with the legal and contractual restrictions governing
transactions by and among the Parents consolidated entities. The outstanding balance at December 31, 2023 was $1.5 million.

On
December 31, 2007, the Company entered into a management services agreement (Services Agreement) with Sun Capital Partners
Management V, LLC (Sun), a related party of former owner. The management fee and other reimbursable expenses paid to Sun
during the fiscal period from January 2, 2023 to September 24, 2023 are included in selling, general and administrative expense in the
accompanying consolidated statements of operations. The Service Agreement was terminated in connection with the Acquisition.

As
disclosed in Note 8, the Company entered into a promissory note with Sun Barbecue, LLC a related party of former owner for a total borrowing
of approximately $19,292,000. The note was repaid in connection with the Acquisition.

NOTE
10. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

Litigation

The
Company is periodically involved in various claims and litigation in the normal course of business. While the Company estimates its exposure
for these claims and establishes reserves for the estimated probable liabilities, the actual liabilities could be in excess of these
reserves. The Company believes that the result of any potential claims will not have a material adverse effect on the Companys
financial condition.

F-51

BARBEQUE
INTEGRATED, INC.

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE
11. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

ASC
Topic 855, Subsequent Events, established general standards of accounting for and disclosure of events that occur after the consolidated
balance sheet date but before the consolidated financial statements are available to be issued. In accordance with the standard, management
evaluated events occurring subsequent to December 31, 2023 through May 6, 2024, the date the consolidated financial statements were available
to be issued and determined that the following additional disclosure was required.

On
March 21, 2024, the Parent contributed all outstanding equity interest in the Company to a wholly owned subsidiary, FAT Brands Twin Peaks
I, LLC.

F-52

Independent
Auditors Report

Board
of Directors

Barbeque
Integrated, Inc.

Plantation,
FL

Opinion

We
have audited the consolidated financial statements of Barbeque Integrated, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company), which comprise the
consolidated balance sheet as of January 1, 2023, and the related consolidated statement of operations, stockholders deficit,
and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements.

In
our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the
Company as of January 1, 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Basis
for Opinion

We
conducted our audit in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAS). Our responsibilities
under those standards are further described in the Auditors Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section
of our report. We are required to be independent of the Company and to meet our other ethical responsibilities, in accordance with the
relevant ethical requirements relating to our audit. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate
to provide a basis for our audit opinion.

Responsibilities
of Management for the Financial Statements

Management
is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America, and for the design, implementation, and maintenance of internal control relevant
to the preparation and fair presentation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to
fraud or error.

In
preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is required to evaluate whether there are conditions or events, considered
in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Companys ability to continue as a going concern within one year after
the date that the consolidated financial statements are issued or available to be issued.

Auditors
Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements

Our
objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement,
whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level
of assurance but is not absolute assurance and therefore is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with GAAS will always
detect a material misstatement when it exists. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than
for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of
internal control. Misstatements are considered material if there is a substantial likelihood that, individually or in the aggregate,
they would influence the judgment made by a reasonable user based on the consolidated financial statements.

F-53

In
performing an audit in accordance with GAAS, we:

Exercise
professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit.

Identify
and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to fraud or error, and design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks.
Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures
in the consolidated financial statements.

Obtain
an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Companys internal control. Accordingly, no such opinion
is expressed.

Evaluate
the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of significant accounting
estimates made by management, as well as evaluate the overall presentation of the consolidated
financial statements.

Conclude
whether, in our judgment, there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that
raise substantial doubt about the Companys ability to continue as a going concern
for a reasonable period of time.

We
are required to communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit,
significant audit findings, and certain internal control-related matters that we identified during the audit.

/s/
BDO USA, LLP

Fort
Lauderdale, FL

April
14, 2023

F-54

Barbeque
Integrated, Inc. and Subsidiaries

Consolidated
balance sheet

January
1, 2023 

Asset 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash
equivalents $ 3,361,801 

Accounts and other receivables 1,598,643 

Inventories 2,741,796 

Other
current assets, net 1,790,801 

Total current assets 9,493,041 

Property and equipment, net 28,614,321 

Right of Use Assets, net 39,110,685 

Intangible assets, net 224,858 

Deposits 563,465 

Total
assets $ 78,006,370 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 4,756,256 

Accrued expenses 6,207,965 

Current portion of operating
lease liability 12,541,042 

Unearned
revenue 2,935,166 

Total current liabilities 26,440,429 

Related party note payable 19,553,963 

Operating lease liability 39,889,679 

Deferred tax liability,
net 282,776 

Lease
exit obligation 808,882 

Total Liabilities 86,975,729 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders deficit: 

Common stock, $.001 par
value, 1,000 shares authorized, Issued and outstanding 1 

Additional paid-in capital 23,421,960 

Accumulated
deficit (32,391,320 )

Total
liabilities and stockholders deficit $ 78,006,370 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

F-55

Barbeque
Integrated, Inc. and Subsidiaries

Consolidated
statement of operations

For the fiscal
year ended 

January
1, 2023 

Net sales: $ 184,643,679 

Cost of sales (exclusive
of items shown separately below): 

Food and beverage costs 54,215,174 

Labor and benefits 55,431,240 

Rent Expense 12,326,805 

Restaurant operating expenses 43,041,354 

Restaurant
exits costs 30,287 

Total
cost of sales (exclusive of items shown separately below) 165,044,860 

Operating expenses: 

Selling, general and administrative 13,779,594 

Depreciation and amortization 6,639,455 

Asset
Impairment loss 1,331,421 

Total
operating expenses 21,750,470 

Operating loss (2,151,651 )

Non-operating loss, net: 

Interest expense (870,991 )

Other
income (302,438 )

Total
non-operating loss, net (1,173,429 )

Loss from operations before income taxes (3,325,080 )

Income
tax expense (65,597 )

Net
loss $ (3,390,677 )

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

F-56

Barbeque
Integrated, Inc. and Subsidiaries

Consolidated
statement of stockholders deficit

Shares Common
Stock Additional
Paid-In Capital Accumulated
Deficit Total 

Balances - January 2, 2022 1000 1 23,421,960 (29,380,309 ) (5,958,348 )

Cumulative effect of Adoption
of ASU 2016-02 at January 3, 2022 379,666 379,666 

Net
loss (3,390,677 ) (3,390,677 )

Balances - January 1, 2023 1000 $ 1 $ 23,421,960 $ (32,391,320 ) $ (8,969,359 )

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

F-57

Barbeque
Integrated, Inc. and Subsidiaries

Consolidated
statement of cash flows

For the fiscal
year ended 

January
1, 2023 

Cash flows from operating
activities: 

Net loss $ (3,390,677 )

Adjustments to reconcile
net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 6,639,455 

Asset impairment loss 1,331,421 

Loss on disposal of property
and equipment 62,534 

Non-cash lease cost 12,088,327 

Inventory obsolescence 49,237 

Deferred income taxes 25,259 

Interest accretion on debt 403,963 

Loss on lease termination 285,527 

Proceeds from landlords
for construction reimbursements 736,720 

Lease termination payments (537,500 )

Changes in operating assets
and liabilities 

Accounts receivable (494,671 )

Inventories 9,907 

Other current assets (296,771 )

Deposits 32,251 

Accounts payable 750,742 

Accrued expenses and other
liabilities (3,136,447 )

Operating lease liability (12,995,977 )

Income taxes receivable (124,239 )

Unearned
revenue (725,851 )

Net
cash provided by operating activities 713,210 

Cash flows from operating
activities: 

Purchases of property and
equipment (10,351,431 )

Purchases of intangibles (28,579 )

Net
cash used in investing activities (10,380,010 )

Cash flows from financing
activities: 

Borrowings under revolving
line of credit 11,250,000 

Payment
of revolving line of credit (1,000,000 )

Net
cash provided by investing activities 10,250,000 

Net increase in cash and
cash equivalents 583,200 

Cash and cash equivalents,
beginning of year 2,778,601 

Cash and cash equivalents,
end of year $ 3,361,801 

Supplemental disclosure
of cash flow information: 

Cash paid during the year
for interest $ 477,882 

Cash paid during the year
for income taxes $ 170,581 

Accrued capital expenditures $ (645,274 )

Right of use assets obtained
in exchange of lease liabilities $ 4,378,563 

Right of use assets reduced
for terminated leases $ 1,060,854 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

F-58

Barbeque
Integrated, Inc. and Subsidiaries

Notes
to consolidated financial statements

Note
A Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Business
and Basis of Presentation

The
principal business of Barbeque Integrated, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Barbeque Holding, LLC, and its subsidiaries, Smokey Bones,
LLC and Integrated Card Solutions, LLC (collectively, the Company), is to own and operate food and beverage restaurant
facilities located in the Eastern and Midwest United States. The Company commenced its operations upon the acquisition of the assets
and liabilities of Smokey Bones Barbeque and Grill (SB) restaurants from GMRI, Inc., GMR Restaurants of Pennsylvania, Inc., and Darden
Concepts, Inc. on December 31, 2007.

Fiscal
Year

The
Company operates on a 52 or 53 week fiscal year. The 2022 fiscal year was a 52 week year ended on January 1, 2023.

Principles
of Consolidation

The
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company. All significant intercompany transactions are eliminated in the
consolidation process.

Use
of Estimates

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S.
GAAP), requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, as well as disclosures
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during
the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates and such differences could be material.

Working
Capital

Our
operations have not required significant working capital, and, like many restaurant companies, we may have negative working capital during
the year. Revenues are received primarily in credit card or cash receipts, and restaurant operations do not require significant receivables
or inventories. The Company provided net cash from operations of $713,210 for the year ended January 1, 2023.

Cash
and Cash Equivalents

Cash
and cash equivalents consist primarily of cash and accounts receivable from credit card processors. The Company considers all highly
liquid investment instruments purchased with original maturities of three months or less from date of purchase to be cash equivalents.
Accounts receivable from credit card processors are both short-term and liquid in nature and are typically converted to cash within three
days of the sales transaction. At January 1, 2023, the Company had $1,928,822 in receivables from credit card processors, which were
subsequently collected.

Inventories

Inventory
consists of food, beverages and merchandise and is stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is determined utilizing
the first-in, first-out method. Appropriate consideration is given to obsolescence, excessive levels, deterioration and other factors
in evaluating lower of cost or market.

F-59

Barbeque
Integrated, Inc. and Subsidiaries

Notes
to consolidated financial statements - continued

Property
and Equipment

Property
and equipment are capitalized and recorded at cost, less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation and amortization is provided for utilizing
the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which generally are as follows:

Furniture,
fixtures and equipment 3-7
years 

Leasehold
improvements 7-20
years 

Leasehold
improvements are amortized over the shorter of the estimated useful lives of the improvements, or the remaining term of the lease. Normal
repair and maintenance costs are charged to expense as incurred. Renovations, betterments and major repairs that materially extend the
life of properties are capitalized and the assets replaced, if any, are retired. Upon the sale or retirement of property and equipment,
the accounts are relieved of the cost and the related accumulated depreciation and amortization and any resulting gain or loss is included
in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations.

The
Company capitalizes all direct costs incurred in the construction and renovation of its restaurants. Upon completion, these costs are
reclassified from construction in progress to the applicable property and equipment classification and depreciated.

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets

The
Company evaluates impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset grouping may not
be recoverable.

For
long-lived assets, including intangibles, the Company assesses periodically whether there are indicators of impairment. If such indicators
are present, the Company assesses the recoverability of the long-lived assets by determining whether the carrying value of such assets
can be recovered through projected undiscounted cash flows. If the sum of expected future cash flows, undiscounted and without interest
charges, is less than the book value, the excess of the net book value over the estimated fair value, based on discounted future cash
flows and appraisals, is charged to operations in the period in which such impairment is determined by management. For the year ended
January 1, 2023, the Company recorded impairment of long-lived assets of $1,331,421 included in asset impairment loss in the accompanying
consolidated statements of operations.

Intangible
Assets

Intangible
assets that are not deemed to have an indefinite life are amortized over their estimated useful life.

Deferred
Loan Costs

The
Company capitalized costs relating to its debt financing and is amortizing these costs over the life of the related debt using the straight
line method, which approximates the effective interest method. Debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability are presented
in the balance sheet as a direct deduction to the carrying amount of the debt liability.

Insurance
Accruals

The
Company maintains insurance coverage to cover material potential losses related to workers compensation, general liability and
certain employment claims. During fiscal year 2022, the Company had a $25,000 self-insured retention limit for any covered general liability
claim. Accrued liabilities related to general liability claims of $265,301 as of January 1, 2023 are included in accrued expenses in
the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Amounts have been recorded based on the Companys estimates of the anticipated ultimate
costs to settle all claims, both reported and unreported.

F-60

Barbeque
Integrated, Inc. and Subsidiaries

Notes
to consolidated financial statements - continued

Revenue
Recognition

Revenues
are recognized in accordance with current guidance for revenue recognition as codified in Accounting Standards Topic 606 (ASC
606). Under ASC 606, revenue is recognized upon the transfer of promised products or services to customers in an amount that reflects
the consideration the Company received in exchange for those products or services. Revenue is recognized when payment is tendered at
the time of sale. The Company presents sales net of sales tax and other sales related discounts.

Unearned
revenue pertains to gift cards that have been sold but not yet redeemed and earned awards under the Companys loyalty program but
not yet redeemed. Revenue is recognized when gift cards and loyalty rewards are redeemed by the customer. Breakage for unredeemed amounts
is estimated based on historical experience and is recognized as revenue in proportion to the pattern of rights exercised by the customer.
The Company recognized $165,000 as breakage for the year ended January 1, 2023.

Food
and Beverage Costs

Food
and beverage costs include inventory, warehousing and related purchasing and distribution costs.

Vendor
Rebates

Third
party vendor funds received in connection with marketing agreements are recognized as a reduction of marketing expense during the period
in which the marketing activities occur. Third party vendor funds received in connection with volume purchase agreements are recognized
as a reduction of cost of goods sold during the period in which purchases occur. Differences between estimated and actual periodic amounts
are settled in accordance with the terms of the agreements.

Advertising
Costs

Advertising
costs are recorded as expenses in the period in which the costs are incurred. The total amount charged to advertising expense was $3,595,469
for the year ended January 1, 2023 and are included as a selling, general and administrative expense in the accompanying consolidated
statements of operations.

Income
Taxes

Deferred
income tax assets and liabilities are based on the difference between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities
as measured by the tax rates that are anticipated to be in effect when those differences reverse. The deferred tax provision generally
represents the net change in deferred tax assets and liabilities during the period. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities
of a change in tax rates is recognized in the results of operations in the period that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance
is established when it is necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to amounts for which realization is more likely than not. The Company
recognizes the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained
on examination by the taxing authorities based on the technical merits of the position.

Accounting
Pronouncements Adopted in 2022

ASU
2016-02 In February 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases, which
requires lessees to recognize right of use (ROU) assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet. The Company adopted the new standard
as of January 3, 2022 using the modified retrospective method with an option to use certain practical expedients. The Company elected
the transition method that allows it to initially apply the new standard at the adoption date and recognize a cumulative-effect adjustment
to the opening balance of retained earnings in the period of adoption. The comparative period information has not been restated and continues
to be reported under the accounting standard in effect for that period.

F-61

Barbeque
Integrated, Inc. and Subsidiaries

Notes
to consolidated financial statements - continued

The
Company recognized operating lease liabilities and corresponding ROU assets for substantially all of the leases it previously accounted
for as operating leases, including leases related to closed restaurant properties. The initial ROU assets were calculated as the present
value of the remaining operating lease payments using the incremental borrowing rate as of January 3, 2022, reduced by accrued occupancy
costs such as closed restaurant exit obligations, deferred rent, unamortized lease incentives and impairment of ROU asset on certain
underperforming restaurant operations consistent with leaseholds impaired prior to adoption of the new standard.

The
unamortized deferred gain on sale leaseback transaction (see Note G) and the initial impairment of ROU assets were adjusted through a
cumulative adjustment to opening balance of retained earnings. The $379,666 adjustment consisted of $1,839,839 recognition of deferred
gain on sale leaseback reduced by a $1,460,173 impairment of the initial ROU assets related to closed store locations.

Subsequent
to adoption of ASU 2016-02, the Company assesses whether an agreement contains a lease at inception and reviews all leases for finance
or operating classification once control is obtained. ROU assets represent the Companys right to an underlying asset for the lease
term and lease liabilities represent the obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Operating lease ROU assets and liabilities
are recognized at lease commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. The ROU asset also includes
lease payments made in advance and is reduced by lease incentives received. As most leases do not provide an implicit rate, the Company
uses its incremental borrowing rate at commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. Lease terms include options
to extend the lease when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise that option. The Company assumes options are reasonably
certain to be exercised when such options are required to achieve a minimum lease term for new restaurant properties and significant
leasehold improvements costs are incurred near the end of a lease term. The Company also uses judgement in determining its incremental
borrowing rate, which is based on its current borrowing rates or published market rates on debt with terms similar to the underlying
lease. Lease cost amortization is recognized on a straight-line over the lease term unless the related ROU asset has been adjusted for
an impairment charge.

ASU
2019-12 In December 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-12, Income Taxes (Topic 740) as part of its Simplification Initiative.
This guidance provides amendments to simplify the accounting for income taxes by removing certain exceptions to the general principles
in Topic 740. The amendments also improve consistent application of and simplify GAAP for other areas of Topic 740 by clarifying and
amending existing guidance. The Company adopted the new standard as of January 3, 2022. The standard did not have a significant impact
on the Companys financial statements.

Note
B Intangible Assets

Intangible
assets consist of the following:

Remaining 

January
1, 2023 

Useful
Life 

Useful
Life 

Definite lived intangible assets: 

Trade name $ 11,619,922 15
years - 

Licenses 431,430 13
years 13
years 

Favorable lease 458,380 19
years 4
years 

Other 34,286 5
years 5
years 

12,544,018 

Accumulated amortization (12,319,160 ) 

Intangible assets, net $ 224,858 

F-62

Barbeque
Integrated, Inc. and Subsidiaries

Notes
to consolidated financial statements - continued

The
amortization expense for intangible assets was approximately $797,000 for the year ended January 1, 2023 and is included in depreciation
and amortization in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. Future amortization expense will be as follows:

For
years ended Amount 

2023 36,204 

2024 36,202 

2025 36,202 

2026 36,202 

2027 12,077 

Thereafter 67,971 

$ 224,858 

Note
C Property and Equipment

Property
and equipment, net, consists of the following:

January
1, 2023 

Leasehold improvements $ 30,817,856 

Furniture, fixtures
and equipment 42,917,557 

73,735,413 

Less: Accumulated depreciation
and amortization (45,121,092 )

$ 28,614,321 

Depreciation
and amortization expense for the year ended January 1, 2023 was $5,842,236.

Note
D Fair Value Measurements

The
Company does not have a material amount of financial assets or liabilities that are required under U.S. GAAP to be measured on a recurring
basis at fair value. The Company is not a party to any material derivative financial instruments. The Company does not have a material
amount of non-financial assets or non-financial liabilities that are required under U.S. GAAP to be measured at fair value on a recurring
basis. The Company has not elected to use the fair value measurement option, as permitted under U.S. GAAP, for any assets or liabilities
for which fair value measurement is not presently required. The Company believes the fair values of cash equivalents, accounts receivable
and accounts payable approximate their carrying amounts due to their short duration. Due to the negotiation of its promissory note close
to its fiscal year-end, the Company believes that the fair value of its Related party note payable approximates carrying value. The fair
value of the related party note payable, which is classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy, is determined based on market prices
or, if market prices are not available, the present value of the underlying cash flows discounted at our incremental borrowing rates.

Note
E Financing Obligations

Promissory
Note

On
November 10, 2022, the Company entered into a promissory note with a related party (Promissory Note). The Promissory Notes
original draw repaid the Companys outstanding revolving line of credit and interest and allows for additional unspecified amount
of advances upon request. The Promissory Note has a fixed interest rate of 9.5% accruing daily. Interest accretes to the outstanding
balance. The Promissory Note has a maturity date of November 10, 2027, allows for prepayments and requires mandatory prepayment in the
event of sale, public offering or liquidation. As of January 1, 2023, the Promissory Note had an outstanding balance of $19,553,963,
including $403,963 in accreted interest.

F-63

Barbeque
Integrated, Inc. and Subsidiaries

Notes
to consolidated financial statements - continued

Revolving
Line of Credit

On
April 20, 2021, the Company entered into a $20,000,000 revolving credit loan authorization agreement with BMO Harris Bank N.A. (BMO
Agreement). The BMO Agreement did not have a stated maturity and was due on demand. Interest on the BMO borrowings was paid quarterly
at interest rates based on either LIBOR + 2.5% or Prime rate minus 0.25%. This revolving line of credit was fully repaid the balance
upon executing the Promissory Note.

Note
F Exit Activities and Operating Lease Obligations

The
Company periodically evaluates the performance of its operating restaurants. In fiscal 2022, the Company closed one location upon expiration
of the lease. The costs incurred to close the restaurants in fiscal 2022 primarily relate to demarking the restaurants, removing equipment
and lease termination and are included in restaurant exit costs on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations.

In
fiscal 2022, the Company entered into an early lease termination agreement on a closed location. At January 1, 2023, the balance amounted
to approximately $808,000 and is included in lease exit obligation on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet.

Closed
restaurant operating expenses, net of sublease income, totaling $30,287 for the year ended January 1, 2023 are included as restaurant
exit cost in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations.

Note
G Operating Leases

The
Company leases restaurant facilities and equipment under non-cancelable operating leases having initial terms of 10 to 20 years for facilities
and 2 to 3 years for equipment. Most of these restaurant facility leases also have renewal clauses of 5-10 years exercisable at the option
of the Company while the equipment leases have 1 year renewals. Certain leases contain contingent rent, determined as a percentage of
sales as defined in the applicable lease agreement and obligate the Company to pay occupancy costs such as property taxes, insurance
and utilities. Variable lease payments, if any, included in rent expense consist of contingent rent, rent payments based on changes in
an index and occupancy related costs such as common area maintenance expenses and property taxes. The Company includes renewal periods
in its operating lease commitment when the renewals are considered reasonably assured of being exercised. We elected the package of practical
expedients permitted under the transition guidance within Topic 842, which allowed us to carry forward prior conclusions about lease
identification, classification and initial direct costs for leases entered into prior to adoption of Topic 842. Additionally, we elected
to not separate lease and non-lease components for all of our leases. For leases with a term of 12 months or less, we elected the short-term
lease exemption, which allowed us to not recognize right-of-use assets or lease liabilities for qualifying leases existing at transition
and new leases we may enter into in the future.

Upon
transition, on January 3, 2022. The Company recorded the following increases (decreases) to the respective line items on the Consolidated
Balance Sheet:

Adjustment
as of January 3, 2022 

Right of use assets, net $ 44,608,885 

Lease exit obligation (3,903,352 )

Other Liabilities (2,374,333 )

Deferred rent (5,559,393 )

Operating lease liability 57,906,136 

Retained earnings 379,666 

F-64

Barbeque
Integrated, Inc. and Subsidiaries

Notes
to consolidated financial statements - continued

Supplemental
information related to the operating lease liability is as follows:

Fiscal year
ending 

January
1, 2023 

Operating leases, property $ 52,321,563 

Operating leases, equipment 109,158 

Total operating leases 52,430,721 

Current portion of operating leases, property (12,478,646 )

Current portion of operating
leases, equipment (62,396 )

Total
current portion (12,541,042 )

Long-term
portion $ 39,889,679 

Weight average remaining term in years 

Operating leases, property 4.5 

Operating leases, equipment 1.4 

Weight average discount rate 

Operating leases, property 5.00 %

Operating leases, equipment 5.00 %

Maturities
of the operating lease liabilities is as follows at January 1, 2023:

Operating Operating 

Leases Leases 

Fiscal
year ending Property Equipment Total 

2023 $ 12,762,463 $ 63,753 $ 12,826,216 

2024 12,023,569 39,563 12,063,132 

2025 10,844,362 11,396 10,855,758 

2026 9,541,776 - 9,541,776 

2027 9,067,927 - 9,067,927 

Thereafter 7,365,138 - 7,365,138 

Total
lease payments 61,605,235 114,712 61,719,947 

Less
amount representing interest (9,283,672 ) (5,554 ) (9,289,226 )

Present
value of lease liabilities 52,321,563 109,158 52,430,721 

Less
current portion (12,478,646 ) (62,396 ) (12,541,042 )

Long-term
portion of lease liabilities $ 39,842,917 $ 46,762 $ 39,889,679 

In
April 2020, the FASB issued guidance allowing entities to make a policy election whether to account for lease concessions related to
the COVID-19 pandemic as lease modifications. The election applies to any lessor-provided lease concession related to the impact of the
COVID-19 pandemic, provided the concession does not result in a substantial increase in the rights of the lessor or in the obligations
of the lessee. For the year ended December 27, 2020, the Company was granted approximately $2,100,000 in non-substantial lease concessions
in the form of rent payment deferrals related to the COVID-19 pandemic. The deferrals require monthly repayment primarily through December
31, 2021. All deferrals had been repaid by January 2, 2023. The Company elected to not account for these rent concessions as lease modifications.

F-65

Barbeque
Integrated, Inc. and Subsidiaries

Notes
to consolidated financial statements - continued

Note
H Concentrations

Financial
instruments, which potentially subject the Company to significant concentrations of credit risk, consist principally of cash and cash
equivalents. The Company maintains cash balances at financial institutions. Accounts at these institutions are insured by the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC). Balances may, at times, exceed FDIC insurance limits.

The
Company has agreements with one primary distributor for the delivery of food items and supplies which are purchased from multiple vendors
but warehoused at the distributors facilities. This distributor provided for approximately 90.0% of food shipments (approximately
$41.8 million) during the year ended January 1, 2023. The Company does not anticipate any interruption in deliveries from this distributor.
In the event deliveries were disrupted for any reason, management believes alternative sources for shipment of purchases are available.
In addition, the Company has suppliers that provide products or services to the restaurants. Management believes numerous alternative
suppliers exist and no disruption is anticipated.

Note
I Income Taxes

The Companys income tax expense was comprised of the following:

Year
End 

January
1, 2023 

Current: 

Federal $ - 

State 40,338 

40,338 

Deferred: 

Federal 25,259 

$ 25,259 

The
Company accounts for income taxes whereby deferred income tax assets and liabilities are computed annually for differences between the
financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities that will result in taxable or deductible amounts in the future based on
enacted tax rates and laws applicable to periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income.

F-66

Barbeque
Integrated, Inc. and Subsidiaries

Notes
to consolidated financial statements - continued

The
components of the deferred tax assets and liability at January 1, 2023 was as follows:

January
1, 2023 

Deferred income tax assets: 

Amortization of intangibles $ 31,446 

Lease termination 208,898 

Lease liabilities 13,540,496 

Tax credit carryforwards 17,326,065 

Net operating loss carryforward 3,238,194 

Accrued payroll 317,035 

Insurance reserves 155,223 

163(j) interest limitation 224,929 

Other 302,215 

35,344,501 

Deferred income tax liability: 

Right of use assets (10,100,530 )

Property
and equipment depreciation (3,244,261 )

(13,344,791 )

21,999,710 

Less: Valuation allowance (22,282,486 )

Net deferred income
tax liability $ (282,776 )

A
valuation allowance is utilized to reduce the carrying amount of deferred tax assets reported if, based on the weight of the evidence,
it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. As of January 1, 2023, the Company
has a deferred tax liability of $282,775 representing the benefit management has estimated will more likely than not be realized. After
consideration of all of the evidence, both positive and negative, management has determined that a valuation allowance at January 1,
2023 is necessary to reserve for its deferred tax assets.

The
income tax rate for the year ended January 1, 2023 was primarily impacted by tax credits and an increase to the valuation allowance.

As
of January 1, 2023, the Company estimates indefinite pre-tax net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $11,324,000 and pre-tax
state and city net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $987,000. The Companys net operating losses are not subject to
annual Section 382 limitations due to lack of ownership changes impacting the future realization.

The
Company recognizes the financial statement benefit of a tax position only after determining that the relevant tax authority would more
likely than not sustain the position following an audit. For tax positions meeting the more-likely-than-not threshold, the amount recognized
in the financial statements is the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement
with the relevant tax authority. Increases or decreases to the unrecognized tax benefits could result from managements belief
that a position can or cannot be sustained upon examination based on subsequent information or potential lapse of the applicable statute
of limitation for certain tax positions.

F-67

Barbeque
Integrated, Inc. and Subsidiaries

Notes
to consolidated financial statements - continued

The
Company and its subsidiaries file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state jurisdictions. The table below
summarizes the open tax years and ongoing examinations in major jurisdictions as of January 1, 2023:

Jurisdiction Open
Years In
Process 

United
States Federal Income Tax 2019-2022 N/A 

United
States various states 2019-2022 N/A 

The
Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. As of January 1, 2023, the Company
had no material uncertain tax positions and provisions for interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions.

On
March 27, 2020, former President Trump signed into law the CARES Act. The legislation enacts various measures to assist companies affected
by the COVID-19 pandemic. Key income tax-related provisions of the bill include temporary modifications to net operating loss utilization
and carryback limitations, allowance of refundable alternative minimum tax credits, reduced limitation of charitable contributions, reduced
limitation of business interest expense, and technical corrections to depreciation of qualified improvement property.

The
Company continues to evaluate the impact from the passage of the CARES Act in the financial statements as of January 1, 2023. The Company
utilized deferred payments of payroll tax which amounted to accrual of $0 as of January 1, 2023. Other new tax regulations under the
CARES Act do not have a material impact on the financial statements. The Company has also reviewed the effects of the Act in determining
the realizability of its deferred tax assets and did not change its conclusion that a valuation allowance is needed.

On
December 27, 2020, former President Trump signed into law the Consolidated Appropriations Act, an omnibus spending bill that includes
an array of COVID-related tax relief for individuals and businesses. The tax-related measures contained in the Act revise and expand
provisions enacted earlier in the year by the Families First Coronavirus Response Act and the CARES Act. The Act also extends a number
of expiring tax provisions. Additionally, the Act provides for a 100% deduction for certain business meals incurred in calendar year
2022, which were deductible at 50% for year ended December 31, 2020. The Company determined that income tax effects related to the passage
of the Consolidated Appropriations Act were not material to the financial statements for the year ended January 1, 2023.

On
August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act) was signed into federal law. The act includes the largest-ever
U.S. investment committed to combat climate change, allocating $369 billion to energy security and clean energy programs over the next
10 years, including provisions incentivizing manufacturing of clean energy equipment. Starting on January 1, 2023, the IR Act imposed
a 15% alternative minimum tax (AMT) on corporations with book income in excess of $1 billion. The Company is not expected to be subject
to the new excise and AMT tax requirements. The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 will not have a significant impact on the Companys
financial statements.

Note
J Contingencies

The
Companys management and its legal counsel assess contingent liabilities, and such assessment inherently involves an exercise of
judgment. In assessing loss contingencies related to legal proceedings that are pending against the Company or unasserted claims that
may result in such proceedings, management and the Companys legal counsel evaluate the perceived merits of any legal proceedings
or unasserted claims as well as the perceived merits of the amount of relief sought or expected to be sought therein.

If
the assessment of a contingency indicates that it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be estimated,
then the estimated liability would be accrued in the Companys consolidated financial statements. If the assessment indicates that
a loss contingency is not probable, but is reasonably possible, or is probable but cannot be estimated, then the nature of the contingent
liability, together with an estimate of the range of possible loss if determinable and material, would be disclosed.

F-68

Barbeque
Integrated, Inc. and Subsidiaries

Notes
to consolidated financial statements - continued

Loss
contingencies considered remote are generally not disclosed unless they involve guarantees or may materially adversely affect the financial
position of the Company, in which case the nature of the guarantee or other matter would be disclosed. The Company does not believe any
reserves need to be established for any of the periods presented.

Note
K Related Party Transactions

On
December 31, 2007, the Company entered into a management services agreement (Services Agreement) with Sun Capital Partners
Management V, LLC (Sun), a related party. The management fee and other reimbursable expenses paid to Sun during the fiscal
year ended January 1, 2023 are included in selling, general and administrative expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of
operations.

As
disclosed in Note E, the Company entered into a promissory note with Sun Barbecue, LLC to refinance its existing debt and repay the Companys
outstanding revolving line of credit and interest for a total borrowing of approximately $19,292,000.

Note
L Subsequent Events

Management
has evaluated subsequent events for potential disclosure in or adjustment to the consolidated financial statements through April 14,
2023, the date that the accompanying consolidated financial statements were available to be issued.

F-69

Twin
Hospitality Group Inc.

Class
A Common Stock

(par
value $0.0001 per share)

INFORMATION
STATEMENT 

The
date of this Information Statement is January 17, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex99-1_006.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex99-1_007.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex99-1_008.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex99-1_009.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex99-1_027.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>orgchart_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>ex99-1_002.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>ex99-1_003.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>ex99-1_028.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>ex99-1_023.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>ex99-1_026.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>twnp-20250117.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>twnp-20250117_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>twnp-20250117_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-002824-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0002011954 

2025-01-17 
2025-01-17 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0002011954 
8-K 
2025-01-17 
Twin Hospitality Group Inc. 
DE 
001-42395 
99-1232362 
5151 Belt Line Road 
Suite 1200 
Dallas 
TX 
75254 
(972) 
941-3150 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
TWNP 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>31
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 17, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 17, 2025

Entity File Number 001-42395

Entity Registrant Name Twin
Hospitality Group Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0002011954

Entity Tax Identification Number 99-1232362

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 5151
Belt Line Road

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 1200

Entity Address, City or Town Dallas

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 75254

City Area Code (972)

Local Phone Number 941-3150

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Class A Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol TWNP

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>32
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://twinhospitality.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
twnp-20250117.xsd 
twnp-20250117_lab.xml 
twnp-20250117_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>34
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>