<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001554795-25-000090.txt : 20250331
<SEC-HEADER>0001554795-25-000090.hdr.sgml : 20250331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250331171144
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001554795-25-000090
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250325
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AMAZE HOLDINGS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001880343
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-EATING PLACES [5812]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		EIN:				873905007
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41147
		FILM NUMBER:		25794894

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2901 WEST COAST HWY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			NEWPORT BEACH
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92663
		BUSINESS PHONE:		855-766-9463

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2901 WEST COAST HWY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			NEWPORT BEACH
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92663

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Fresh Vine Wine, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20211208

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FRESH GRAPES, LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210826
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>amze03031form8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false0001880343--12-31truetrue00018803432025-03-252025-03-25iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d)

of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March
25, 2025

AMAZE
HOLDINGS, INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 001-41147 87-3905007

(State or Other
Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) 

(I.R.S.
Employer

Identification
No.)

2901
West Coast Highway, Suite 200

Newport
Beach, CA92663

(Address
of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

(855)766-9463

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code)

Fresh
Vine Wine, Inc.

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written communications
pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant
to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on

which registered

Common stock, par value
$0.001 per share AMZE NYSE American

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth
company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive
Agreement.

Securities Purchase Agreement

Amaze Holdings, Inc. (formerly
Fresh Vine Wine, Inc.) (the Company) has entered into securities purchase agreements (the Series C Purchase Agreement)
with certain purchasers pursuant to which the Company has sold a total of 5,650 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, par value
$0.001 per share (the Series C Preferred Stock), at a purchase price of $100.00 per share, plus warrants (the Warrants)
to purchase common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Common Stock), at an exercise price of $0.75, with 100% warrant
coverage. The Company intends to use the proceeds for general corporate and working capital purposes.

The Series C Purchase Agreement
contains customary representations, warranties and agreements of the Company, and indemnification obligations of the Company. Pursuant
to the Series C Purchase Agreement, the Company has agreed to file a resale registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission
to register the resale of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock and exercise of the Warrants.
The representations and warranties set forth in the Series C Purchase Agreement have been made solely for the benefit of the other parties
to the Series C Purchase Agreement, and such representations and warranties should not be relied on by any other person.

The Company previously engaged
The Oak Ridge Financial Services Group, Inc. to serve as a non-exclusive financial adviser to the Company in connection with its capital
raising activities. The Company has agreed to pay Oak Ridge a cash fee equal to 8.0% of the gross proceeds received by the Company from
the sale of the Series C Preferred Stock to investors introduced by Oak Ridge, and to reimburse Oak Ridge for its out-of-pocket expenses.

Series
C Preferred Stock

On
March 25, 2025, the Company filed a Certificate of Designation of the of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series C Convertible Preferred
Stock (the Certificate) with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada, designating 100,000 shares of preferred stock
as Series C Preferred Stock.

Stated
Value. Each share of Series C Preferred Stock has a stated value of $100.00 (the Stated Value).

Liquidation.
Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Company, the holders of Series C Preferred Stock will be entitled to be paid, on
a par passu basis with holders of any parity securities, an amount equal to the Stated Value, plus any accrued but unpaid dividends, before
any distribution or payment will be made to the holders of junior securities, including Common Stock. Any remaining assets available for
distribution to stockholders will be distributed among the holders of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, holders of Series B Convertible
Preferred Stock, holders of Series C Preferred Stock, holders of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock and holders of Common Stock, pro
rata based on the number of shares held by each such holder on an as-if converted basis.

Dividends.
Holders of Series C Preferred Stock are entitled to receive dividends (on an as-if converted basis) equal to and in the same form as dividends
actually paid on shares of the Common Stock when, as and if such dividends are paid on shares of the Common Stock.

Conversion.
Each share of Series C Preferred Stock is convertible at any time at the option of the holder into the number of shares of Common Stock
(Conversion Shares) calculated by dividing the Stated Value by the conversion price (the Conversion Ratio),
subject to the limitations described below. The conversion price is equal to $0.75 per share and is subject to standard weighted average
anti-dilution protection.

Each
holder of Series C Preferred Stock is prohibited from converting shares of Series C Preferred Stock if, after giving effect to the issuance
of such Conversion Shares, such holder together with the holders affiliates would beneficially own more than 4.99% of the outstanding
Common Stock (the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). A holder of Series C Preferred Stock may increase such Beneficial Ownership
Limitation to 9.99% upon notice to the Company.

Voting.
The Series C Preferred Stock will vote with the Common Stock as a single class on an as-converted basis on all matters submitted to a
vote of the Companys stockholders (taking into account the conversion limitations resulting from the Exchange Share Cap and the
Individual Holder Share Cap as described below). However, the Series C Preferred Stock is not entitled to vote on any proposal to approve
the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon the conversion of Series C Preferred Stock in excess of the Exchange Share Cap or the Individual
Holder Share Cap, in each case as required by NYSE American rules. In addition, solely for purposes of determining voting rights (and
not the Conversion Ratio), the conversion price will be equal to the most recent closing sale price of the Common Stock as of the date
of execution and delivery of the Series C Purchase Agreement pursuant to which such share of Series C Preferred Stock was initially issued.

Exchange
Share Cap and Individual Holder Share Cap. The holders ability to convert Series C Preferred Stock will be subject to an Exchange
Share Cap and an Individual Holder Share Cap. Under the Exchange Share Cap, the total number of Conversion Shares
issuable upon conversion of outstanding Series C Preferred Stock, when added to all Conversion Shares previously issued upon prior conversions
of the Series C Preferred Stock, may not exceed 19.9% of the Companys issued and outstanding Common Stock as of the date of the
Series C Purchase Agreement. Under the Individual Holder Share Cap, the holder of Series C Preferred Stock may not acquire Conversion
Shares upon conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock if the total number of shares of Common Stock issuable to the converting holder
would result in such holder beneficially owning in excess of 19.9% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after
giving effect to the issuance. The Exchange Share Cap and the Individual Holder Share Cap will not apply if the Company obtains stockholder
approval to issue the shares of Common Stock in excess of the applicable cap as required by NYSE American LLC Company Guide Section 713.

Warrants

The
Warrants are immediately exercisable for shares of Common Stock at an exercise price is $0.75 per share. The exercise price is subject
to standard weighted average anti-dilution protection. The Warrants may not be exercised on a cashless basis. The Warrants will expire
on the 5th anniversary of the issuance date. A holder of the Warrant (together with the holders affiliates) may not exercise any
portion of the Warrant to the extent that the holder would own more than 9.99% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock immediately after
exercise. The Company may not issue any shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant to the extent the issuance of such shares
would exceed the Exchange Cap (as defined in the Certificate).

The
foregoing description of the Series C Purchase Agreement, the Certificate and the Warrant are qualified in their entirety by the full
text of the Series C Purchase Agreement, the Certificate and Warrant, which are filed as Exhibits 10.1, 3.1 and 10.2, respectively, and
are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 3.02 Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities.

The information set forth
in Item 1.01 is incorporated herein by reference. The shares of Series C Preferred Stock, the Warrants and the shares of Common Stock
issuable upon conversion or exercise of the Series C Preferred Stock and Warrants, as applicable, were offered and sold in reliance upon
exemptions from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act),
and/or Rule 506(b) of Regulation D promulgated thereunder, as transactions by an issuer not involving any public offering.

This Current Report on Form
8-K shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any of these securities. The securities offered and sold
in the private placement will not be registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws and may not be offered or sold in
the United States absent registration with the SEC or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements.

Item 5.03
Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Years.

The information set forth under Series
D Preferred Stock in Item 1.01 is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

3.1 

Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights, and Limitations of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock

10.1 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (Series C Preferred Stock)

10.2 Form of Warrant 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

AMAZE HOLDINGS, INC.

Date: March 31, 2025 By: /s/ Michael Pruitt

Michael Pruitt

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>amze03031form8kexh3_1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

AMAZE HOLDINGS, INC.

CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION OF PREFERENCES,

RIGHTS AND LIMITATIONS

OF

SERIES C CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK

PURSUANT TO THE

NEVADA REVISED STATUTES

The undersigned, Michael Pruitt, does hereby certify that:

1.He is the Chief Executive Officer of Amaze Holdings, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Corporation).

2.The Corporation is authorized to issue 25,000,000 shares of preferred stock.

3.The following resolutions were duly adopted by the board of directors of the Corporation (the Board
of Directors): 

WHEREAS, the Articles of Incorporation of the
Corporation (the Articles of Incorporation) authorize the issuance of up to 25,000,000 shares of preferred stock,
par value $0.001 per share, of the Corporation in one or more series, the shares of each series to have such voting powers, and such designations,
preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights and qualifications, limitations or restrictions as are specified
in resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors providing for the issue thereof.

WHEREAS, it is the desire of the Board of Directors
to establish and fix the number of shares to be included in a new series of Preferred Stock, entitled Series C Convertible Preferred
Stock, and the designation, rights, preferences, and limitations of the shares of such new series.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Board
of Directors does hereby provide for the issuance of a series of Preferred Stock entitled Series C Convertible Preferred Stock,
and does hereby in this Certificate of Designation (this Certificate of Designation) establish and fix and herein
state and express the designation, rights, preferences, powers, restrictions, and limitations of such series of Preferred Stock as set
forth below:

TERMS OF PREFERRED STOCK

Section 1. Definitions.
For the purposes hereof, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

Alternate Consideration
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(e).

Beneficial Ownership
Limitation shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(d).

Business Day
means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day on which banking
institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close.

Buy-In shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 6(c)(iv).

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common Stock
means the Corporations common stock, par value $0.001 per share, and stock of any other class of securities into which such securities
may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common Stock Equivalents
means any securities of the Corporation or its subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock,
including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that is at any time convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Conversion Amount
means the sum of the Stated Value of shares of Preferred Stock at issue.

Conversion Date
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(a).

Conversion Market Price
means the greater of (a) the Market Price on the Trading Day immediately preceding the Conversion Date, or (b) the Floor Price.

Conversion Price
means $0.75.

Conversion Shares
means, collectively, the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the shares of Preferred Stock in accordance with the terms
hereof.

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exempt Issuance
means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents to employees, officers, directors, advisors or consultants
of the Corporation or an Subsidiaries thereof; provided, that such issuance is approved by a majority of the non-employee and disinterested
members of the Board of Directors of the Corporation; (b) shares of Common Stock, warrants or options to advisors or independent contractors
of the Corporation for compensatory purposes, (c) securities upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any shares of Preferred
Stock and other securities exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date
hereof , provided, that such securities have not been amended since the date hereof to increase the number of such securities or to decrease
the exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities, (d) securities issuable pursuant to any contractual anti-dilution
obligations of the Corporation in effect as of the date hereof, provided, that such obligations have not been materially amended since
the date of hereof, (e) securities issued pursuant to any other strategic transactions approved by a majority of the disinterested members
of the Board of Directors; provided, that such other strategic transactions shall not include a transaction in which the Corporation is
issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities, and
(f) any securities of the Corporation which issuance has been approved by or consented to be considered as an Exempt Issuance by the holders
of at least a majority of the outstanding Preferred Shares.

Floor Price
means $0.05, subject to adjustment as provided herein.

Fundamental Transaction
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(e).

Holder shall
have the meaning given such term in Section 2.

Junior Securities
means the Common Stock, the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock and any other class or series of capital stock of the Corporation other
than those securities which are explicitly senior or pari passu to the Preferred Stock in liquidation preference.

Market Price
means the closing sale price of the Common Stock on the Trading Market on the applicable date.

Redemption
shall mean the Corporations option, in its discretion, to redeem (a) up to 75% of the issued and outstanding shares of Preferred
Stock for a price per share equal to 150% of the Stated Value thereof if such redemption occurs within six (6) months from the date of
issuance, and (b) up to 50% of the issued and outstanding shares of Preferred Stock for a price per share equal to 200% of the Stated
Value thereof if such redemption occurs after six (6) months but before the expiration of twelve (12) months from the date of issuance.

Notice of Conversion
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(a).

Original Issue Date
means the date of the first issuance of any shares of the Preferred Stock regardless of the number of transfers of any particular shares
of Preferred Stock and regardless of the number of certificates which may be issued to evidence such Preferred Stock.

Parity Securities
means the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, Series B Convertible Preferred Stock and any other class or series of capital stock of
the Corporation hereinafter created that expressly ranks pari passu with the Preferred Stock in liquidation preference.

Person means
an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Preferred Shares
means share of Preferred Stock.

Preferred Stock
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.

Securities Act
means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Securities Purchase
Agreement means that certain Securities Purchase Agreement between the Corporation and purchaser listed therein, pursuant to
which the shares of Preferred Stock are being issued.

Senior Securities
means any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation hereinafter created that expressly ranks senior to the Preferred Stock in
liquidation preference.

Share Delivery Date
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(c).

Stated Value
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.

Successor Entity
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(e).

Trading Day
means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for business.

Trading Market
means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the
NYSE, NYSE American, Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, (or any successors to any of the
foregoing).

Variable Rate Transaction
means a transaction in which a Person (i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable
for, or include the right to receive, additional shares of common stock (including Common Stock) either (A) at a conversion price, exercise
price or exchange rate or other price that is based upon, and/or varies with, the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of common
stock at any time after the initial issuance of such debt or equity securities or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that
is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified
or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of such Person or the market for the common stock or (ii) enters into
any agreement, including an equity line of credit, whereby such Person may issue securities at a future determined price.

Section 2. Designation,
Amount and Par Value. The series of preferred stock shall be designated as its Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (the Preferred
Stock) and the number of shares so designated shall be up to 100,000 (which shall not be subject to increase without the written
consent of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding Preferred Shares (each, a Holder and collectively,
the Holders)). Each share of Preferred Stock shall have a par value of $0.001 per share and a stated value equal
to $100.00 (the Stated Value).

Section 3. Dividends. Except
for stock dividends or distributions for which adjustments are to be made pursuant to Section 7, Holders shall be entitled to receive,
and the Corporation shall pay, dividends on shares of Preferred Stock equal (on an as-if-converted-to-Common-Stock basis) to and in the
same form as dividends actually paid on shares of the Common Stock when, as and if such dividends are paid on shares of the Common Stock.
No other dividends shall be paid on shares of Preferred Stock.

Section 4. Voting Rights.
Except as otherwise provided herein or as otherwise required by law, the Holders of Preferred Stock shall vote as a single class with
the holders of the Common Stock (and any other class or series of capital stock of the Corporation that votes as a single class with the
holders of the Common Stock) on an as converted basis on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders of the Corporation
(taking into account, for the avoidance of doubt, the conversion restrictions in paragraphs 6(e) resulting from the Exchange Share Cap
and the Individual Holder Share Cap, if and as applicable); provided, however, that (i) the Preferred Stock is not entitled to vote on
any proposal to approve the issuance of Common Stock pursuant to this Certificate of Designation in excess of the Exchange Share Cap or
the Individual Holder Share Cap, in each case as required by the NYSE American LLC Company Guide (it being further acknowledged that Conversion
Shares outstanding on the record date for such approval, if any, will not be taken into account in tabulating the results of such vote),
and (ii) solely for purposes of determining the voting rights of the Holders of Preferred Stock under this Section 4 (and not for purposes
of determining the actual Conversion Ratio under Section 6), the Conversion Price with respect to each share of Preferred Stock shall
be equal to the most recent closing sale price of the Common Stock as of date of execution and delivery of the securities purchase agreement
pursuant to which such share of Preferred Stock was initially issued by the Company. As long as any shares of Preferred Stock are outstanding,
the Corporation shall not, without the affirmative vote of the Holders of at least a majority of the of the then-outstanding shares of
the Preferred Stock, (a) alter or change adversely the powers, preferences or rights given to the Preferred Stock or alter or amend this
Certificate of Designation, (b) amend its certificate of incorporation or other charter documents in any manner that materially adversely
affects any rights of the Holders, (c) increase the number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock, or (d) enter into any agreement with
respect to any of the foregoing.

Section 5. Ranking; Liquidation.

(a)The Preferred Stock shall, with respect to distributions of assets and rights upon the occurrence
of any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Corporation (Liquidation), rank: (i) junior to the Senior Securities,
if any; (ii) pari passu with the Parity Securities; and (iii) senior to the Junior Securities. Upon any Liquidation, after the satisfaction
in full of the debts of the Corporation and payment of the liquidation preference to any Senior Securities, the Holders of Preferred Stock
shall be entitled to be paid, on a pari passu basis with the payment of any liquidation preference afforded to holders of any Parity Securities,
for each share of Preferred Stock held thereby, out of (but only to the extent) the assets of the Corporation are legally available for
distribution to its stockholders, an amount equal to the Stated Value (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, combinations or
other recapitalizations of the Preferred Stock), plus any accrued but unpaid dividends, before any distribution or payment shall be made
to the holders of any Junior Securities. If the assets of the Corporation available for distribution to Holders of shares of Preferred
Stock shall be insufficient to permit payment in full to such Holders of the sums which such Holders are entitled to receive in such case
and of any liquidation preference afforded to holders of any Parity Securities, then all of the assets available for distribution to holders
of the Preferred Stock and the Parity Securities shall be distributed among and paid to such holders ratably in proportion to the amounts
that would be payable to such holders if such assets were sufficient to permit payment in full.

(b)After the Holders of all shares of Preferred Stock shall have been paid in full the amounts to which
they are entitled in pursuant to Section 5(a), the remaining assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders
shall be distributed among the holders of shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, holders of shares of Series B Convertible Preferred
Stock, Holders of shares of Preferred Stock, holders of shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock and holders of Common Stock, pro
rata based on the number of shares held by each such holder, treating for this purpose all such Series A Convertible Preferred Stock,
Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, Preferred Stock and Series D Convertible Preferred Stock as if they had been fully converted into
Common Stock disregarding for such purposes any conversion limitations hereunder) pursuant to the terms of the Series A Certificate of
Designation, the Series B Certificate of Designation, this Certificate of Designation and the Series D Certificate of Designation, as
applicable, each as in effect immediately prior to such Liquidation.

(c)All the preferential amounts to be paid to the Holders under this Section 5 shall be paid or set
apart for payment before the payment or setting apart for payment of any amount for, or the distribution of any Liquidation funds of the
Corporation to the holders of shares of Junior Stock in connection with a Liquidation as to which this Section 5 applies.

Section 6. Conversion. 

(a)Conversion at Option of Holder. Each share of Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at any
time and from time to time from and after the Original Issue Date at the option of the Holder thereof, into the number of shares of Common
Stock calculated by dividing the Stated Value by the Conversion Price (the Conversion Ratio) (subject to the limitations
set forth in Section 6(d) and Section 6(e)). Holders shall effect conversions by providing the Corporation with the form of conversion
notice attached hereto as Annex A (a Notice of Conversion). Each Notice of Conversion shall specify
the number of shares of Preferred Stock to be converted, the number of shares of Preferred Stock owned prior to the conversion at issue,
the number of shares of Preferred Stock owned subsequent to the conversion at issue and the date on which such conversion is to be effected,
which date may not be prior to the date the applicable Holder delivers by facsimile such Notice of Conversion to the Corporation (such
date, the Conversion Date). If no Conversion Date is specified in a Notice of Conversion, the Conversion Date shall
be the date that such Notice of Conversion to the Corporation is deemed delivered hereunder. No ink-original Notice of Conversion shall
be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Conversion form be required.
The calculations and entries set forth in the Notice of Conversion shall control in the absence of manifest or mathematical error. To
effect conversions of shares of Preferred Stock, a Holder shall not be required to surrender the certificate(s) representing the shares
of Preferred Stock to the Corporation unless all of the shares of Preferred Stock represented thereby are so converted, in which case
such Holder shall deliver the certificate representing such shares of Preferred Stock promptly following the Conversion Date at issue.
Shares of Preferred Stock converted into Common Stock or redeemed in accordance with the terms hereof shall be canceled and shall not
be reissued.

(b)[Reserved.]

(c)Mechanics of Conversion.

i.Delivery of Conversion Shares Upon Conversion. Not later than two (2) Trading Days after each
Conversion Date (the Share Delivery Date), the Corporation shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the converting
Holder the number of Conversion Shares being acquired upon the conversion of the Preferred Stock, which Converting Shares shall be issued
in book-entry form. The Corporation shall deliver the Conversion Shares electronically through the Depository Trust Company or another
established clearing corporation performing similar functions.

ii.Failure to Deliver Conversion Shares. If, in the case of any Notice of Conversion, such Conversion
Shares are not delivered to or as directed by the applicable Holder by the Share Delivery Date, the Holder shall be entitled to elect
by written notice to the Corporation at any time on or before its receipt of such Conversion Shares, to rescind such Conversion, in which
event the Corporation shall promptly return to the Holder any original Preferred Stock certificate delivered to the Corporation and the
Holder shall promptly return to the Corporation the Conversion Shares issued to such Holder pursuant to the rescinded Conversion Notice.

iii.Obligation Absolute. The Corporations obligation to issue and deliver the Conversion
Shares upon conversion of Preferred Stock in accordance with the terms hereof are absolute and unconditional, irrespective of any action
or inaction by a Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision hereof, the recovery of any judgment
against any Person or any action to enforce the same, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach
or alleged breach by such Holder or any other Person of any obligation to the Corporation or any violation or alleged violation of law
by such Holder or any other person, and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the Corporation
to such Holder in connection with the issuance of such Conversion Shares; provided, however, that such delivery shall not operate as a
waiver by the Corporation of any such action that the Corporation may have against such Holder. In the event a Holder shall elect to convert
any or all of the Stated Value of its Preferred Stock, the Corporation may not refuse conversion based on any claim that such Holder or
anyone associated or affiliated with such Holder has been engaged in any violation of law, agreement or for any other reason, unless an
injunction from a court, on notice to Holder, restraining and/or enjoining conversion of all or part of the Preferred Stock of such Holder
shall have been sought and obtained, and the Corporation posts a surety bond for the benefit of such Holder in the amount of 100% of the
Stated Value of Preferred Stock which is subject to the injunction, which bond shall remain in effect until the completion of arbitration/litigation
of the underlying dispute and the proceeds of which shall be payable to such Holder to the extent it obtains judgment. In the absence
of such injunction, the Corporation shall issue Conversion Shares and, if applicable, cash, upon a properly noticed conversion. If the
Corporation fails to deliver to a Holder such Conversion Shares pursuant to Section 6(c)(i) on the Share Delivery Date applicable to such
conversion, the Corporation shall pay to such Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $10,000 of Stated
Value of Preferred Stock being converted by such Holder, $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the fifth Trading Day
after such liquidated damages begin to accrue) for each Trading Day after the first Trading Day after the Share Delivery Date until such
Conversion Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such conversion. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue actual
damages for the Corporations failure to deliver Conversion Shares within the period specified herein and such Holder shall have
the right to pursue all remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance
and/or injunctive relief. The exercise of any such rights shall not prohibit a Holder from seeking to enforce damages pursuant to any
other Section hereof or under applicable law.

iv.Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Conversion Shares Upon Conversion. In
addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if the Corporation fails for any reason to deliver to a Holder the applicable Conversion
Shares by the Share Delivery Date pursuant to Section 6(c)(i), and if after such Share Delivery Date such Holder is required by its brokerage
firm to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise), or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common
Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by such Holder of the Conversion Shares which such Holder was entitled to receive upon the
conversion relating to such Share Delivery Date (a Buy-In), then the Corporation shall (A) pay in cash to such Holder
(in addition to any other remedies available to or elected by such Holder) the amount, if any, by which (x) such Holders total
purchase price (including any brokerage commissions) for the Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the product of (1) the aggregate number
of shares of Common Stock that such Holder was entitled to receive from the conversion at issue multiplied by (2) the actual sale price
at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed (including any brokerage commissions) and (B) at the option
of such Holder, either reissue (if surrendered) the shares of Preferred Stock equal to the number of shares of Preferred Stock submitted
for conversion (in which case, such conversion shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to such Holder the number of shares of Common Stock
that would have been issued if the Corporation had timely complied with its delivery requirements under Section 6(c)(i). For example,
if a Holder purchases shares of Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted conversion
of shares of Preferred Stock with respect to which the actual sale price of the Conversion Shares (including any brokerage commissions)
giving rise to such purchase obligation was a total of $10,000 under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence, the Corporation
shall be required to pay such Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Corporation written notice indicating the amounts payable to
such Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Corporation, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit
a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree
of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Corporations failure to timely deliver Conversion Shares upon
conversion of the shares of Preferred Stock as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

v.Reservation of Shares Issuable Upon Conversion. On or after the date on which the Corporation
obtains the Requisite Stockholder Approval (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement), the Corporation will at all times reserve
and keep available out of its authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock for the sole purpose of issuance upon conversion of the Preferred
Stock, free from preemptive rights or any other actual contingent purchase rights of Persons other than the Holder (and the other holders
of the Preferred Stock), not less than such aggregate number of shares of the Common Stock as shall be issuable (taking into account the
adjustments and restrictions of Section 7) upon the conversion of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock. If at any time the number
of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion of all then outstanding shares of the
Preferred Stock, the Corporation shall take such corporate action as may be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued shares of
Common Stock to such number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purposes, including, without limitation, engaging in reasonable
best efforts to obtain the requisite stockholder approval of any necessary amendment to the Articles of Incorporation. The Corporation
covenants that all shares of Common Stock that shall be so issuable shall, upon issue, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid
and nonassessable.

vi.Fractional Shares. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued
upon the conversion of the Preferred Stock. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon
such conversion, the Corporation shall round up to the next whole share.

vii.Transfer Taxes and Expenses. The issuance of Conversion Shares on conversion of this Preferred
Stock shall be made without charge to any Holder for any documentary stamp or similar taxes that may be payable in respect of the issue
or delivery of such Conversion Shares, provided that the Corporation shall not be required to pay any tax that may be payable in respect
of any transfer involved in the issuance and delivery of any such Conversion Shares upon conversion in a name other than that of the Holders
of such shares of Preferred Stock and the Corporation shall not be required to issue or deliver such Conversion Shares unless or until
the Person or Persons requesting the issuance thereof shall have paid to the Corporation the amount of such tax or shall have established
to the satisfaction of the Corporation that such tax has been paid. The Corporation shall pay all transfer agent fees required for same-day
processing of any Notice of Conversion and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing
similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Conversion Shares.

(d)Beneficial Ownership Limitation. The Corporation shall not effect any conversion of the Preferred
Stock, and a Holder shall not have the right to convert any portion of the Preferred Stock, to the extent that, after giving effect to
the conversion set forth on the applicable Notice of Conversion, such Holder (together with such Holders Affiliates, and any Persons
acting as a group together with such Holder or any of such Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties))
would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the
number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by such Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock with respect to which such determination is being made, but
shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which are issuable upon (i) conversion of the remaining, unconverted Preferred Stock
beneficially owned by such Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or
unconverted portion of any other securities of the Corporation (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents)]subject
to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein (including, without limitation, the Preferred Stock)
beneficially owned by such Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for
purposes of this Section 6(d), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules
and regulations promulgated thereunder. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 6(d) applies, the determination of
whether the Preferred Stock is convertible (in relation to other securities owned by such Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution
Parties) and of how many shares of Preferred Stock are convertible shall be in the sole discretion of such Holder, and the submission
of a Notice of Conversion shall be deemed to be such Holders determination of whether the shares of Preferred Stock may be converted
(in relation to other securities owned by such Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and how many shares of the
Preferred Stock are convertible, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation. In addition, a determination as to any group
status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder. For purposes of this Section 6(d), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the
number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as stated in the most recent of the following: (i) the Corporations most recent periodic
or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (ii) a more recent public announcement by the Corporation or (iii) a more
recent written notice by the Corporation or the Corporations transfer agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding. Upon the written or oral request (which may be via email) of a Holder, the Corporation shall within two Trading Days confirm
orally and in writing to such Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares
of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Corporation, including the
Preferred Stock, by such Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares
of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% of the number of shares of the Common
Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of Preferred Stock
held by the applicable Holder. A Holder, upon notice to the Corporation, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation
in this Section 6(d), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common
Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Preferred Stock held
by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 6(d) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will
not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Corporation. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed
and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 6(d) to correct this paragraph (or any
portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation contained herein or to make changes
or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply
to a successor holder of Preferred Stock.

(e)Compliance with Securities Laws and Principal Market Rules. 

i.Exchange Share Cap. Notwithstanding anything in this Certificate of Designation to the contrary,
if on any Conversion Date, the total number of Conversion Shares issuable upon any conversion of outstanding shares of Preferred Stock,
when added to all Conversion Shares previously issued upon prior conversions of Preferred Stock (if any) previously issued under Section
3 hereof, exceeds 19.9% of the Corporations issued and outstanding Common Stock as of the date of the Securities Purchase Agreement
(the Exchange Share Cap) (such excess, the Excess Conversion Shares), then (i) only shares of
Preferred Stock will be converted that results in the issuance of Conversion Shares that does not exceed the Exchange Share Cap (rounded
down to the nearest whole share). The limitation in this Section 6(e)(i) will not apply if the Corporation obtains stockholder approval
to issue the Excess Conversion Shares as required by the NYSE American LLC Company Guide, provided that such approval is in accordance
with NYSE Company Guide Section 713 (or its successor).

ii.Individual Holder Share Cap. Notwithstanding anything in this Certificate of Designation to
the contrary, no Holder shall have the right to acquire Conversion Shares upon conversion of Preferred Stock, and the Corporation shall
not be required or permitted to issue Conversion Shares to such Holder, in excess of such Holders Individual Holder Share Cap.
If on any Conversion Date, the total number of Conversion Shares issuable to a converting Holder would result in such Holder beneficially
owning in excess of 19.9% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of such
Conversion Shares (the Individual Holder Share Cap) (such excess, the Individual Excess Conversion Shares),
then only shares of Preferred Stock will be converted that results in the issuance of Conversion Shares that that will not result in such
Holder exceeding the applicable Individual Holder Share Cap. The limitation in this Section 6(e)(ii) will not apply if the Corporation
obtains stockholder approval to issue the Excess Conversion Shares as required by the NYSE American LLC Company Guide, provided that such
approval is in accordance with NYSE Company Guide Section 713 (or its successor). If the conversion limitation contained in this Section
6(e)(ii) applies, the determination of whether and the extent to which such limitation applies to a particular Holder shall be in the
discretion of such Holder, and the delivery of a Notice of Conversion shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of the extent
to which such Holders Preferred Stock may be converted. For purposes of this this Section 6(e)(ii), in determining the number of
outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Corporations
most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public
announcement by the Corporation or (C) a more recent written notice by the Corporation or its transfer agent setting forth the number
of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Corporation shall promptly confirm orally and
in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding.

Section 7. Certain Adjustments.

(a)Stock Dividends and Stock Splits. If the Corporation, at any time while the Preferred Stock
is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions payable in shares of Common Stock on shares
of Common Stock or any other Common Stock Equivalents (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued
by the Corporation upon conversion of, or payment of a dividend on, this Preferred Stock); (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common
Stock into a larger number of shares; (iii) combines (including by way of a reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into
a smaller number of shares; or (iv) issues, in the event of a reclassification of shares of the Common Stock, any shares of capital stock
of the Corporation, then the Conversion Ratio shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of
Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Corporation) outstanding immediately before such event, and of which the denominator
shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 7(a)
shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution
and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or reclassification. 

(b) Adjustments to Preferred Stock Conversion Price for Diluting Issues.

i.Special Definitions. For purposes of this Section 7, the following definitions shall apply:

(A) Additional
Shares of Common Stock means all shares of Common Stock issued (or, pursuant to Section 7(b)(iii) below, deemed to be issued)
by the Corporation after the Original Issue Date (as defined below), other than the following shares of Common Stock and shares of Common
Stock deemed issued pursuant to the following Options and Convertible Securities (collectively, Exempted Securities):

(1) as to any class
or series of Preferred Stock shares of Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities issued as a dividend or distribution on such class
or series of Preferred Stock (including dividends payable in connection with dividends on other classes or series of stock);

(2) shares of Common
Stock, Options or Convertible Securities issued by reason of a dividend, stock split, split-up or other distribution on shares of Common
Stock that is covered by Sections 7(a), 7(c), 7(d) and 7(e );

(3) shares of Common
Stock, Options or Convertible Securities issued to banks, equipment lessors or other financial institutions, or to real property lessors,
pursuant to a debt financing, equipment leasing or real property leasing transaction approved by the Board of Directors;

(4) shares of Common
Stock or Options issued to employees or directors of, or consultants or advisors to, the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries pursuant
to a plan, agreement or arrangement approved (i) prior to the Original Issue Date or (ii) by the Board of Directors

(5) shares of Common
Stock or Convertible Securities actually issued upon the exercise of Options or shares of Common Stock actually issued upon the conversion
or exchange of Convertible Securities, in each case provided such issuance is pursuant to the terms of such Option or Convertible Security;

(6) shares of Common
Stock, Options or Convertible Securities issued to suppliers or third party service providers in connection with the provision of goods
or services pursuant to transactions approved by the Board of Directors;

(7) shares of Common
Stock, Options or Convertible Securities issued as acquisition consideration pursuant to the acquisition of another corporation by the
Corporation by merger, purchase of substantially all of the assets or other reorganization or to a joint venture agreement, provided that
such issuances are approved by the Board of Directors; or

(8) shares of Common
Stock, Options or Convertible Securities issued in connection with sponsored research, collaboration, technology license, development,
OEM, marketing or other similar agreements or strategic partnerships approved by the Requisite Directors.

(B) Convertible
Securities means any evidences of indebtedness, shares or other securities directly or indirectly convertible into or exchangeable
for Common Stock, but excluding Options.

(C) Option
means any rights, options or warrants to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire Common Stock or Convertible Securities.

ii. No
Adjustment of Preferred Stock Conversion Price. No adjustment in the Conversion Price of the Preferred Stock shall be made as the
result of the issuance or deemed issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock if the Corporation receives written notice from the holders
of a majority of the then outstanding shares of such Preferred Stock, agreeing that no such adjustment shall be made as the result of
the issuance or deemed issuance of such Additional Shares of Common Stock.

iii.Deemed Issue of Additional Shares of Common Stock.

(A) If
the Corporation at any time or from time to time after the Original Issue Date shall issue any Options or Convertible Securities (excluding
Options or Convertible Securities which are themselves Exempted Securities) or shall fix a record date for the determination of holders
of any class of securities entitled to receive any such Options or Convertible Securities, then the maximum number of shares of Common
Stock (as set forth in the instrument relating thereto, assuming the satisfaction of any conditions to exercisability, convertibility
or exchangeability but without regard to any provision contained therein for a subsequent adjustment of such number) issuable upon the
exercise of such Options or, in the case of Convertible Securities and Options therefor, the conversion or exchange of such Convertible
Securities, shall be deemed to be Additional Shares of Common Stock issued as of the time of such issue or, in case such a record date
shall have been fixed, as of the close of business on such record date.

(B) If
the terms of any Option or Convertible Security, the issuance of which resulted in an adjustment to the Conversion Price of the Preferred
Stock pursuant to the terms of Section 7(b)(iv), are revised as a result of an amendment to such terms or any other adjustment pursuant
to the provisions of such Option or Convertible Security (but excluding automatic adjustments to such terms pursuant to anti-dilution
or similar provisions of such Option or Convertible Security) to provide for either (1) any increase or decrease in the number of shares
of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise, conversion and/or exchange of any such Option or Convertible Security or (2) any increase
or decrease in the consideration payable to the Corporation upon such exercise, conversion and/or exchange, then, effective upon such
increase or decrease becoming effective, the Conversion Price of such Preferred Stock computed upon the original issue of such Option
or Convertible Security (or upon the occurrence of a record date with respect thereto) shall be readjusted to such Conversion Price for
such Preferred Stock as would have obtained had such revised terms been in effect upon the original date of issuance of such Option or
Convertible Security. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no readjustment pursuant to this Section 7(b)(iii) shall have the effect of increasing
the Conversion Price applicable to the Preferred Stock to an amount which exceeds the lower of (i) the Conversion Price for such Preferred
Stock in effect immediately prior to the original adjustment made as a result of the issuance of such Option or Convertible Security,
or (ii) the Conversion Price for such Preferred Stock that would have resulted from any issuances of Additional Shares of Common Stock
(other than deemed issuances of Additional Shares of Common Stock as a result of the issuance of such Option or Convertible Security)
between the original adjustment date and such readjustment date.

(C) If
the terms of any Option or Convertible Security (excluding Options or Convertible Securities which are themselves Exempted Securities),
the issuance of which did not result in an adjustment to the Conversion Price of the Preferred Stock pursuant to the terms of Section
7(b)(iv) (either because the consideration per share (determined pursuant to Section 7(b)(v)) of the Additional Shares of Common Stock
subject thereto was equal to or greater than the applicable Conversion Price then in effect, or because such Option or Convertible Security
was issued before the Original Issue Date), are revised after the Original Issue Date as a result of an amendment to such terms or any
other adjustment pursuant to the provisions of such Option or Convertible Security (but excluding automatic adjustments to such terms
pursuant to anti-dilution or similar provisions of such Option or Convertible Security) to provide for either (1) any increase in the
number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise, conversion or exchange of any such Option or Convertible Security or (2)
any decrease in the consideration payable to the Corporation upon such exercise, conversion or exchange, then such Option or Convertible
Security, as so amended or adjusted, and the Additional Shares of Common Stock subject thereto determined in the manner provided in Section7(b)(iii)(A)
shall be deemed to have been issued effective upon such increase or decrease becoming effective.

(D) Upon
the expiration or termination of any unexercised Option or unconverted or unexchanged Convertible Security (or portion thereof) which
resulted (either upon its original issuance or upon a revision of its terms) in an adjustment to the Conversion Price of the Preferred
Stock pursuant to the terms of Section 7(b)(iv), the Conversion Price of such Preferred Stock shall be readjusted to such Conversion Price
for such Preferred Stock as would have obtained had such Option or Convertible Security (or portion thereof) never been issued.

(E) If
the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise, conversion and/or exchange of any Option or Convertible Security, or
the consideration payable to the Corporation upon such exercise, conversion and/or exchange, is calculable at the time such Option or
Convertible Security is issued or amended but is potentially subject to adjustment based upon subsequent events, any adjustment to the
Conversion Price of the Preferred Stock provided for in this Section 7(b)(iii) shall be effected at the time of such issuance or amendment
based on such number of shares or amount of consideration without regard to any provisions for subsequent adjustments (and any subsequent
adjustments shall be treated as provided in clauses (B) and (C) of this Section 7(b)(iii)). If the number of shares of Common Stock issuable
upon the exercise, conversion and/or exchange of any Option or Convertible Security, or the consideration payable to the Corporation upon
such exercise, conversion and/or exchange, cannot be calculated at all at the time such Option or Convertible Security is issued or amended,
any adjustment to the Conversion Price of the Preferred Stock that would result under the terms of this Section 7(b)(iii) at the time
of such issuance or amendment shall instead be effected at the time such number of shares and/or amount of consideration is first calculable
(even if subject to subsequent adjustments), assuming for purposes of calculating such adjustment to the Conversion Price for such Preferred
Stock that such issuance or amendment took place at the time such calculation can first be made. In the event an Option or Convertible
Security contains alternative conversion terms, such as a cap on the valuation of the Corporation at which such conversion will be effected,
or circumstances where the Option or Convertible Security may be repaid in lieu of conversion, then the number of shares of Common Stock
issuable upon the exercise, conversion and/or exchange of such Option or Convertible Security shall be deemed not calculable until such
time as the applicable conversion terms are determined.

iv.Adjustment of Conversion Price Upon Issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock. In the
event the Corporation shall at any time after the Original Issue Date issue Additional Shares of Common Stock (including Additional Shares
of Common Stock deemed to be issued pursuant to Section 7(b)(iii)), without consideration or for a consideration per share less than the
Conversion Price of the Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to such issuance or deemed issuance, then the Conversion Price for
such Preferred Stock shall be reduced, concurrently with such issue, to a price (calculated to the nearest one-hundredth of a cent) determined
in accordance with the following formula:

CP2 = CP1* (A + B) / (A + C).

For purposes of the foregoing formula, the
following definitions shall apply:

CP2 shall mean the Conversion
Price of the Preferred Stock in effect immediately after such issuance or deemed issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock.

CP1
shall mean the Conversion Price of the Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to such issuance or deemed issuance of Additional Shares
of Common Stock;

A shall
mean the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issuance or deemed issuance of Additional Shares of Common
Stock (treating for this purpose as outstanding all shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of Options outstanding immediately prior
to such issuance or deemed issuance or upon conversion or exchange of Convertible Securities (including the Preferred Stock) outstanding
(assuming exercise of any outstanding Options therefor) immediately prior to such issue);

B shall mean the number of
shares of Common Stock that would have been issued if such Additional Shares of Common Stock had been issued or deemed issued at a price
per share equal to CP1 (determined by dividing the aggregate consideration received by the Corporation in respect of such issue by CP1);
and

C shall mean the number of
such Additional Shares of Common Stock issued in such transaction.

v.Determination of Consideration. For purposes of this Section 7(b), the consideration received
by the Corporation for the issuance or deemed issuance of any Additional Shares of Common Stock shall be computed as follows:

(A) Cash
and Property. Such consideration shall:

(1) insofar
as it consists of cash, be computed at the aggregate amount of cash received by the Corporation, excluding amounts paid or payable for
accrued interest;

(2) insofar
as it consists of property other than cash, be computed at the fair market value thereof at the time of such issue, as determined in good
faith by the Board of Directors; and

(3) in
the event Additional Shares of Common Stock are issued together with other shares or securities or other assets of the Corporation for
consideration which covers both, be the proportion of such consideration so received, computed as provided in clauses (i) and (ii) above,
as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

(B) Options
and Convertible Securities. The consideration per share received by the Corporation for Additional Shares of Common Stock deemed to
have been issued pursuant to Section 7(b)(iii), relating to Options and Convertible Securities, shall be determined by dividing:

(1) The
total amount, if any, received or receivable by the Corporation as consideration for the issue of such Options or Convertible Securities,
plus the minimum aggregate amount of additional consideration (as set forth in the instruments relating thereto, without regard to any
provision contained therein for a subsequent adjustment of such consideration) payable to the Corporation upon the exercise of such Options
or the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities, or in the case of Options for Convertible Securities, the exercise of such
Options for Convertible Securities and the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities, by

(2) the
maximum number of shares of Common Stock (as set forth in the instruments relating thereto, without regard to any provision contained
therein for a subsequent adjustment of such number) issuable upon the exercise of such Options or the conversion or exchange of such Convertible
Securities, or in the case of Options for Convertible Securities, the exercise of such Options for Convertible Securities and the conversion
or exchange of such Convertible Securities.

vi.Multiple Closing Dates. In the event the Corporation shall issue on more than one date Additional
Shares of Common Stock that are a part of one transaction or a series of related transactions and that would result in an adjustment to
the Conversion Price of the Preferred Stock pursuant to the terms of Section 7(b)(iv), and such issuance dates occur within a period of
no more than 180 days from the first such issuance to the final such issuance, then, upon the final such issuance, the Conversion Price
for the Preferred Stock shall be readjusted to give effect to all such issuances as if they occurred on the date of the first such issuance
(and without giving effect to any additional adjustments as a result of any such subsequent issuances within such period).

(c)Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 7(a) above,
if at any time the Corporation grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities
or other property pro rata to all of the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights),
then the Holder of will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which
the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of such
Holders Preferred Stock (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no
such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale
of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would
result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase
Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such
Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result
in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

(d)Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Preferred Stock is outstanding, if the Corporation
shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common
Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property
or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction)
(a Distribution), at any time after the issuance of this Preferred Stock, then, in each such case, the Holder shall
be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held
the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of this Preferred Stock (without regard to any limitations on
conversion hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is
taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to
be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however, to the extent that the Holders right to participate
in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled
to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution
to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever,
as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

(e)Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Preferred Stock is outstanding, (i) the
Corporation, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Corporation with or
into another Person, (ii) the Corporation, directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance
or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect,
purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Corporation or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of
Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the
holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Stock, (iv) the Corporation, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions
effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which
the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Corporation, directly or
indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including,
without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with another Person whereby such other Person
acquires more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or
other Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase
agreement or other business combination) (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent conversion of
this Preferred Stock, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Conversion Share that would have been issuable upon such conversion
immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 6(d) on the conversion
of this Preferred Stock), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Corporation, if it
is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result
of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Preferred Stock is convertible immediately
prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 6(d) on the conversion of this Preferred Stock). For
purposes of any such conversion, the determination of the Conversion Ratio shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate
Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction,
and the Corporation shall apportion the Conversion Ratio among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative
value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities,
cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration
it receives upon any conversion of this Preferred Stock following such Fundamental Transaction. To the extent necessary to effectuate
the foregoing provisions, any successor to the Corporation or surviving entity in such Fundamental Transaction shall file a new Certificate
of Designation with the same terms and conditions and issue to the Holders new preferred stock consistent with the foregoing provisions
and evidencing the Holders right to convert such preferred stock into Alternate Consideration. The Corporation shall cause any
successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Corporation is not the survivor (the Successor Entity)
to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Corporation under this Certificate of Designation in accordance with the provisions
of this Section pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder
(without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the holder of this Preferred Stock, deliver
to the Holder in exchange for this Preferred Stock a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially
similar in form and substance to this Preferred Stock which is convertible for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such
Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon conversion of this Preferred
Stock (without regard to any limitations on the conversion of this Preferred Stock) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with a
conversion price which applies the conversion price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value
of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares
of capital stock and such conversion price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Preferred Stock immediately
prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder.
Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and
after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Certificate of Designation referring to the Corporation
shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Corporation and shall assume all of the obligations
of the Corporation under this Certificate of Designation with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Corporation
herein. 

(f)Calculations. All calculations under this Section 7 shall be made to the nearest cent or the
nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes of this Section 7, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued
and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Corporation)
issued and outstanding.

(g) Notice to the Holders. 

i.Adjustment to Conversion Ratio. Whenever the Conversion Ratio is adjusted pursuant to any
provision of this Section 7, the Corporation shall promptly deliver to each Holder a notice setting forth the Conversion Ratio after such
adjustment and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii.Notice to Allow Conversion by Holder. If (A) the Corporation shall declare a dividend (or
any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common Stock, (B) the Corporation shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on
or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Corporation shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock of rights or
warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders
of the Corporation shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which
the Corporation is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation, or any compulsory share
exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property or (E) the Corporation shall authorize the voluntary
or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation, then, in each case, the Corporation shall cause
to be filed at each office or agency maintained for the purpose of conversion of this Preferred Stock, and shall cause to be delivered
to each Holder at its last address as it shall appear upon the stock books of the Corporation, at least ten (10) calendar days prior to
the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the
purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders
of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y)
the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close,
and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common
Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange,
provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the
corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material,
non-public information regarding the Corporation or any of the subsidiaries, the Corporation shall simultaneously file such notice with
the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to convert the Conversion Amount of this Preferred
Stock (or any part hereof) during the 10-day period commencing on the date of such notice through the effective date of the event triggering
such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

Section 8. Optional Redemption.
The Corporation may effect a Redemption of shares of Preferred Stock at any time prior to the expiration of twelve (12) months from the
date of issuance on ten days written notice. Prior to any such Redemption, the Holders of shares subject to such Redemption may convert
their shares of Preferred Stock on the terms set forth in Section 6, subject to the restrictions on conversions set forth in such Section
6.

Section 9. Miscellaneous.

(a)Noncircumvention. The Corporation hereby covenants and agrees that the Corporation will not,
by amendment of its Articles of Incorporation, Bylaws or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme
of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities, or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance
of any of the terms of this Certificate of Designations, and will at all times in good faith carry out all the provisions of this Certificate
of Designations and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of the Holders. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing
or any other provision of this Certificate of Designations, the Corporation (a) shall not increase the par value of any shares of Common
Stock receivable upon the conversion of any Preferred Stock above the Conversion Rate then in effect and (b) shall take all such actions
as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Corporation may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable shares of
Common Stock upon the conversion of Preferred Stock.

(b)Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders
hereunder including, without limitation, any Notice of Conversion, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by facsimile, or sent
by a nationally recognized overnight courier service, addressed to the Corporation, at P.O. Box 78984, Charlotte, NC 28271; Attention:
Chief Executive Officer; or address as the Corporation may specify for such purposes by notice to the Holders delivered in accordance
with this Section 9. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Corporation hereunder shall be in
writing and delivered personally, by facsimile, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder
at the facsimile number or address of such Holder appearing on the books of the Corporation. Any notice or other communication or deliveries
hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered
via facsimile at the facsimile number set forth in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading
Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number set forth in this
Section on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day
following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party
to whom such notice is required to be given.

(c)Absolute Obligation. Except as expressly provided herein, no provision of this Certificate
of Designation shall alter or impair the obligation of the Corporation, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay liquidated damages
and accrued dividends, as applicable, on the shares of Preferred Stock at the time, place, and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein
prescribed.

(d)Lost or Mutilated Preferred Stock Certificate. If a Holders Preferred Stock certificate
shall be mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Corporation shall execute and deliver, in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation
of a mutilated certificate, or in lieu of or in substitution for a lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, a new certificate for the shares
of Preferred Stock so mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, but only upon receipt of evidence of such loss, theft or destruction of such
certificate, and of the ownership hereof reasonably satisfactory to the Corporation.

(e)Governing Law; Exclusive Jurisdiction. This Certificate of Designation shall be construed
and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and performance of this Certificate
of Designation shall be governed by, the internal laws of the State of Nevada, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict
of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Nevada or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application of the laws of any
jurisdictions other than the State of Nevada. Except as otherwise required by this Certificate of Designation, the Corporation hereby
irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the state of Nevada, for the adjudication
of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably
waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of
any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding
is improper. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. Nothing
contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. Nothing contained herein
shall be deemed or operate to preclude any Holder from bringing suit or taking other legal action against the Corporation in any other
jurisdiction to collect on the Corporations obligations to such Holder, to realize on any collateral or any other security for
such obligations, or to enforce a judgment or other court ruling in favor of such Holder. The Corporation hereby irrevocably waives any
right it may have to, and agrees not to request, a jury trial for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection with or arising
out of this Certificate of Designation or any transaction contemplated hereby.

(f)Waiver. Any of the rights, powers, preferences and other terms of the Preferred Stock set
forth herein may be waived on behalf of all holders of Preferred Stock by the affirmative written consent or vote of the holders of at
least of at least a majority of the Preferred Shares then outstanding. Any waiver by the Corporation or a Holder of a breach of any provision
of this Certificate of Designation shall not operate as or be construed to be a waiver of any other breach of such provision or of any
breach of any other provision of this Certificate of Designation or, except as provided in the immediately preceding sentence, a waiver
by any other Holders. The failure of the Corporation or a Holder to insist upon strict adherence to any term of this Certificate of Designation
on one or more occasions shall not be considered a waiver or deprive that party (or any other Holder) of the right thereafter to insist
upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of this Certificate of Designation on any other occasion. Any waiver by the Corporation
or a Holder must be in writing.

(g)Severability. If any provision of this Certificate of Designations is prohibited by law or
otherwise determined to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the provision that would otherwise be prohibited,
invalid or unenforceable shall be deemed amended to apply to the broadest extent that it would be valid and enforceable, and the invalidity
or unenforceability of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Certificate of Designations so
long as this Certificate of Designations as so modified continues to express, without material change, the original intentions of the
parties as to the subject matter hereof and the prohibited nature, invalidity or unenforceability of the provision(s) in question does
not substantially impair the respective expectations or reciprocal obligations of the parties or the practical realization of the benefits
that would otherwise be conferred upon the parties. The parties will endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the prohibited, invalid
or unenforceable provision(s) with a valid provision(s), the effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the prohibited, invalid
or unenforceable provision(s).

(h)Next Business Day. Whenever any payment or other obligation hereunder shall be due on a day
other than a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day.

(i)Headings. The headings contained herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part
of this Certificate of Designation and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

(j)Status of Converted or Redeemed Preferred Stock. If any shares of Preferred Stock shall be
converted, redeemed or reacquired by the Corporation, such shares shall resume the status of authorized but unissued shares of preferred
stock and shall no longer be designated as Series C Convertible Preferred Stock.

(k)Form of Security. The Preferred Stock shall be issued as book-entry securities directly registered
in the Holders name on the Corporations books and records or, if requested by any Holder of the Preferred Stock, such Holders
shares may be issued in certificated form.

(l)Payment of Collection, Enforcement and Other Costs. If (a) any Preferred Shares are placed
in the hands of an attorney for collection or enforcement or is collected or enforced through any legal proceeding or a Holder otherwise
takes action to collect amounts due under this Certificate of Designations with respect to the Preferred Shares or to enforce the provisions
of this Certificate of Designations; or (b) there occurs any bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership of the Corporation or other proceedings
affecting Corporation creditors rights and involving a claim under this Certificate of Designations, then the Corporation shall
pay the costs incurred by such Holder for such collection, enforcement or action or in connection with such bankruptcy, reorganization,
receivership or other proceeding, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements.

(m)Vote to Change the Terms of or Issue Preferred Shares. In addition to any other rights provided
by law, except where the vote or written consent of the holders of a greater number of shares is required by law or by another provision
of the Articles of Incorporation, without first obtaining the affirmative vote at a meeting duly called for such purpose or the written
consent without a meeting of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding Preferred Shares (the Required Holders),
voting together as a single class, the Corporation shall not: (a) amend or repeal any provision of, or add any provision to, its Articles
of Incorporation or Bylaws, or file any certificate of designations or articles of amendment of any series of shares of preferred stock,
if such action would adversely alter or change in any respect the preferences, rights, privileges or powers, or restrictions provided
for the benefit, of the Preferred Shares, regardless of whether any such action shall be by means of amendment to the Articles of Incorporation
or by merger, consolidation or otherwise; (b) increase or decrease (other than by conversion) the authorized number of Preferred Shares;
(c) create or authorize (by reclassification or otherwise) any new class or series of shares that has a preference over or is on a parity
with the Preferred Shares with respect to the distribution of assets on the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation;
(d) purchase, repurchase or redeem any shares of capital stock of the Corporation junior in rank to the Preferred Shares (other than pursuant
to equity incentive agreements (that have in good faith been approved by the Board of Directors) with employees giving the Corporation
the right to repurchase shares upon the termination of services); (e) without limiting any provision of Section 2, pay dividends or make
any other distribution on any shares of any capital stock of the Corporation junior in rank to the Preferred Shares; or (f) whether or
not prohibited by the terms of the Preferred Shares, circumvent a right of the Preferred Shares.

(n)Amendment. This Certificate of Designations or any provision hereof may be amended by obtaining
the affirmative vote at a meeting duly called for such purpose, or written consent without a meeting in accordance with the Nevada Revised
Statutes, of the Required Holders, voting separate as a single class, and with such other stockholder approval, if any, as may then be
required pursuant to the Nevada Revised Statutes and the Certificate of Incorporation.

(o)Transfer of Preferred Shares. A Holder may transfer some or all of its Preferred Shares without
the consent of the Corporation, subject to compliance with applicable securities laws.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation
has caused this Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock of Amaze Holdings,
Inc. to be signed by its Chief Executive Officer on this 25th day of March, 2025.

/s/ Michael Pruitt

Name: Michael D. Pruitt

Title: Chief Executive Officer

ANNEX A

NOTICE OF CONVERSION

(TO BE EXECUTED BY THE REGISTERED HOLDER

IN ORDER TO CONVERT SHARES OF PREFERRED STOCK)

The undersigned hereby elects to convert the number
of shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock indicated below into shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Common
Stock), of AMAZE HOLDINGS, INC., a Nevada corporation (the Corporation), according to the conditions hereof,
as of the date written below. If shares of Common Stock are to be issued in the name of a Person other than the undersigned, the undersigned
will pay all transfer taxes payable with respect thereto. No fee will be charged to the Holders for any conversion, except for any such
transfer taxes.

Conversion calculations:

Date to Effect Conversion: _________________________________________________________

Number of shares of Preferred Stock owned prior to
Conversion: _____________________________

Number of shares of Preferred Stock to be Converted:
_____________________________________

Stated Value of shares of Preferred Stock to be Converted:
__________________________________

Number of shares of Common Stock to be Issued: _________________________________________

Applicable Conversion Price: ________________________________________________________

Number of shares of Preferred Stock owned subsequent
to Conversion: _________________________

Address for Delivery: ______________________________________________________________

OR

DWAC Instructions (if eligible for DWAC):

Broker no: ___________________________

Account no: __________________________

[HOLDER]

By: ________________________________

Name: ______________________________

Title: _______________________________
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>amze03031form8kexh10_1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

THIS SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is dated as of ____________, 2025,
between Amaze Holdings, Inc. (formerly Fresh Vine Wine, Inc.), a Nevada corporation (the Company), and the undersigned
Purchaser (including such Purchasers successors and assigns, the Purchaser).

WHEREAS, subject
to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, and pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
Securities Act), and/or Rule 506 promulgated thereunder, the Company desires to issue and sell to the Purchaser,
and the Purchaser desire to purchase from the Company for cash, Securities of the Company as defined and described more fully in this
Agreement;

NOW, THEREFORE,
in consideration of the representations, warranties and covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Purchaser agree as follows:

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS

1.1 Definitions.
In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.1:

Affiliate
means each Person that, directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such Person or any Affiliate
of such Person. For purpose of this definition, control and related words are used as such terms are used in and construed
under Rule 405 of the Securities Act, including, among others, executive officers, directors, large stockholders, subsidiaries, parent
entities and sister companies. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Purchaser and its Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and the Company Parties
and their Subsidiaries, on the other hand, shall not be considered Affiliates of each other.

AML/CTF Regulation
has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(oo).

BHCA
has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(ll).

Board of Directors
means the board of directors of the Company.

Business Day
means any day except Saturdays, Sundays, any day that is a federal holiday in the United States and any day on which the Federal Reserve
Bank of New York is not open for business.

Capital Lease
means, as applied to any Person, any lease of, or other arrangement conveying the right to use, any property (whether real, personal or
mixed) by that Person as lessee that, in conformity with GAAP, is or should be accounted for as a capital lease on the balance sheet of
that Person.

Capital Stock
means all shares of capital stock (whether denominated as common stock or preferred stock), equity interests, beneficial, partnership
or membership interests, joint venture interests, participations or other ownership or profit interests in or equivalents (regardless
of how designated) of or in a Person (other than an individual), whether voting or non-voting.

Closing Date
means the Trading Day on which, or next following the day on which, all of the Transaction Documents required to be executed or delivered
prior to the Closing have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties thereto and all other conditions precedent to (i) the
Purchasers obligations to pay the Subscription Amount and (ii) the Companys obligations to deliver the Securities, in each
case, have been satisfied or waived.

Closing
means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to Section 2.2.

Certificate
of Designation or COD means the Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series C
Convertible Preferred Stock, attached hereto as Schedule 2.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.001 per share, any Capital Stock into which such shares of common
stock shall have been changed, and any share capital resulting from a reclassification of such common stock.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of any Company Party which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common
Stock, including whether or not presently convertible, exchangeable or exercisable, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant
or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof
to purchase, subscribe or otherwise receive, Common Stock.

Company
Party means each of the Company and its Subsidiaries, if any.

Company
Covered Person has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(pp).

Consents
means any approval, consent, authorization, notice to, or any other action by, any Person other than any Governmental Authority.

Contractual
Obligation means, with respect to any Person, any provision of any security or similar
instrument issued by such Person or of any agreement, undertaking, contract, lease, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust or other instrument
(other than a Transaction Document) to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound or to which any of
its property is subject.

Conversion
Price has the meaning ascribed to such term in the COD.

Conversion
Shares has the meaning ascribed to such term in the COD.

Currency
Agreement means any foreign exchange contract, currency swap agreement, futures contract, option contract, synthetic cap or
other similar agreement or arrangement. For purposes of this definition, cryptocurrencies shall be considered currencies.

Derivative
means any Interest Rate Agreement, Currency Agreement, futures or forward contract, spot transaction, commodity swap, purchase or option
agreement, other commodity price hedging arrangement, cap, floor or collar transaction, any credit default or total return swap, any other
derivative instrument, any other similar speculative transaction and any other similar agreement or arrangement designed to alter the
risks of any Person arising from fluctuations in any underlying variable, including interest rates, currency values, insurance, catastrophic
losses, climatic or geological conditions or the price or value of any other derivative instrument. For the purposes of this definition,
derivative instrument means any derivative instrument as defined in Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
No. 133 (Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities) of the United States Financial Accounting Standards Board, and
any defined with a term similar effect in any successor statement or any supplement to, or replacement of, any such statement.

Disqualification
Event has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(pp).

Dollars
and the sign $ each mean the lawful money of the United States of America.

Evaluation
Date has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(z).

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exchange
Transaction has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.11(b).

Exempt
Issuance means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock or options to employees, officers, directors, advisors or consultants
of the Company Parties; provided, that such issuance is approved by a majority of the non-employee and disinterested members of
the Board of Directors of the Company; (b) shares of Common Stock, warrants or options to advisors or independent contractors of any Company
Party for compensatory purposes, (c) securities upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any Securities issued hereunder and/or
other securities exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date hereof,
provided, that such securities have not been amended since the date hereof to increase the number of such securities or to decrease
the exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities, (d) securities issuable pursuant to any contractual anti-dilution
obligations of the Company in effect as of the date hereof, provided, that such obligations have not been materially amended since
the date of hereof, and (e) securities issued pursuant to any other strategic transactions approved by a majority of the disinterested
members of the Board of Directors; provided, that such other strategic transactions shall not include a transaction in which the
Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities
and have no registration rights.

Federal
Reserve has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(ll).

GAAP
means United States generally accepted accounting principles as in effect from time to time, applied consistently throughout the periods
referenced and consistently with (a) the principles and standards set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting
Standards Board or any successor entity, (b) to the extent consistent with such principles, generally accepted industry practices and
(c) to the extent consistent with such principles and practices, the past practices of the Company as reflected in its financial statements
delivered to the Purchaser.

Governmental
Authority means any nation, sovereign or government, any state, province, territory or other political subdivision thereof,
any municipality, any agency, authority or instrumentality thereof and any entity or authority exercising executive, legislative, taxing,
judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government, and any corporation or other entity owned or controlled,
through stock or capital ownership or otherwise, by any of the foregoing, including any central bank stock exchange regulatory body arbitrator,
public sector entity, supra- national entity (including the European Union and the European Central Bank) and any self- regulatory organization
(including the National Association of Insurance Commissioners).

Indebtedness
means, with respect to any Person at any date, without duplication, the following: (a) all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money,
(b) all obligations of such Person for the deferred purchase price of property or services other than accounts payable and accrued liabilities
incurred in respect of property or services purchased in the ordinary course of business (provided, that such accounts payable
and accrued liabilities are not overdue by more than 180 days), (c) all obligations of such Person evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures
or similar borrowing or securities instruments, (d) all obligations of such Person created or arising under any conditional sale or other
title retention agreement with respect to property acquired by such Person, (e) all obligations of such Person as lessee under Capital
Leases, (f) all reimbursements and all other obligations of such Person, contingent or otherwise, with respect to (i) letters of credit,
bank guarantees or bankers acceptances or (ii) surety, customs, reclamation, performance or other similar bonds, (g) all obligations
of such Person secured by Liens on the assets of such Person, (h) all Guaranty Obligations of such Person, (i) all obligations of such
Person to purchase, redeem, retire, defease or otherwise make any payment in respect of any Capital Stock, Stock Equivalent (valued, in
the case of redeemable preferred stock, at the greater of its voluntary liquidation preference and its involuntary liquidation preference
plus accrued and unpaid dividends) or any warrants, rights or options to acquire such Capital Stock, (j) after taking into account the
effect of any legally-enforceable netting Contractual Obligation of such Person, all payments that would be required to be made in respect
of any Derivative in the event of a termination (including an early termination) on the date of determination and (k) all obligations
of another Person of the type described in clauses (a) through (j) secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing
right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) a Lien on the assets of such Person (whether or not such Person is otherwise liable
for such obligations of such other Person).

Intellectual
Property Rights means, collectively, all copyrights, patents, trademarks, service marks and trade names all applications for
any of the foregoing, together with: (i) all inventions, processes, production methods, proprietary information, know-how and trade secrets;
(ii) all licenses or user or other agreements granted with respect to any of the foregoing, in each case whether now or hereafter owned
or used; (iii) all customer lists, identification of suppliers, data, plans, blueprints, specifications, designs, drawings, recorded knowledge,
surveys, engineering reports, test reports, manuals, materials standards, processing standards, performance standards, catalogs, computer
and automatic machinery software and programs; (iv) all field repair data, sales data and other information relating to sales or service
of products now or hereafter manufactured; (v) all accounting information and all media in which or on which any information or knowledge
or data or records may be recorded or stored and all computer programs used for the compilation or printout of such information, knowledge,
records or data; (vi) all applications for any of the foregoing and (vii) all causes of action, claims and warranties, in each case, now
or hereafter owned or acquired in respect of any item listed above.

Interest
Rate Agreement means any interest rate swap agreement, interest rate cap agreement, interest rate collar agreement, interest
rate hedging agreement or other similar agreement or arrangement.

Legend
Removal Date has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.1(c).

Liabilities
means all amounts, indebtedness, obligations, liabilities, covenants and duties of every type and description owing by any Company Party
from time to time to any Purchaser or any other Purchaser Party, whether direct or indirect, joint or several, absolute or contingent,
due or to become due, liquidated or unliquidated, secured or unsecured, now existing or hereafter arising and however created, acquired
(regardless of whether acquired by assignment), whether or not evidenced by any note or other instrument or for the payment of money and
whether arising under Contractual Obligations, Regulations or otherwise, including, without duplication, (i) the principal amount due,
(ii) all other amounts, fees, interest (including any prepayment premium), commissions, charges, costs, expenses, attorneys fees
and disbursements, indemnities, reimbursement of amounts paid and other sums chargeable to the Company under the note, this Agreement
or any other Transaction Document (including attorneys fees) or otherwise arising under any Transaction Document and (iii) all
interest on any item otherwise qualifying as a Liability hereunder, whether or not accruing after the filing of any petition
in bankruptcy, or the commencement of any insolvency, reorganization or similar proceeding, whether or not a claim for post-filing or
post- petition interest is allowed in such proceeding.

License
Agreement has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(m).

Lien
means any lien (statutory or other) mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, security interest, encumbrance, charge, claim, right
of first refusal, preemptive right, restriction on transfer or similar restriction or other security arrangement of any kind or nature
whatsoever, including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement and any capital or financing lease having substantially
the same economic effect as any of the foregoing.

Losses
means all liabilities, rights, demands, covenants, duties, obligations (including indebtedness, receivables and other contractual
obligations), claims, damages, Proceedings and causes of actions, settlements, judgments, damages, losses (including reductions in yield),
debts, responsibilities, fines, penalties, sanctions, commissions and interest, disbursements, Taxes, interest, charges, costs, fees and
expenses (including fees, charges, and disbursements of financial, legal and other advisors, consultants and professionals and, if applicable,
any value-added and other taxes and charges thereon), in each case of any kind or nature, whether joint or several, whether now existing
or hereafter arising and however acquired and whether or not known, asserted, direct, contingent, liquidated, due, consequential, actual,
punitive or treble.

Material
Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on, or change in, (a) the legality,
validity or enforceability of any portion of any Transaction Document, (b) the operations, assets, property, business, prospects or condition
(financial or otherwise) of any Company Party, or (c) the ability of any Company Party to perform on a timely basis its obligations under
any Transaction Document for any reason whatsoever, whether foreseen or unforeseen, including due to pandemic, acts of a Governmental
Authority, interruption of transportation systems, strikes, terrorist activities, interruptions of supply chains or acts of God.

Maximum
Rate has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 5.12.

Notice
of Conversion has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.5.

OFAC
has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(jj).

Participation
Maximum has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.13(a).

Permit
means, with respect to any Person, any permit, filing, notice, license, approval, variance, exception, permission, concession, grant,
franchise, confirmation, endorsement, waiver, certification, registration, qualification, clearance or other Contractual Obligation or
arrangement with, or authorization by, to or under the authority of, any Governmental Authority or pursuant to any Regulation, or any
other action by any Governmental Authority in each case whether or not having the force of law and affecting or applicable to or binding
upon such Person, its Contractual Obligations or arrangements or other liabilities or any of its property or to which such Person, its
Contractual Obligations or any of its property is or is purported to be subject.

Person
means an individual, sole proprietorship partnership, corporation, incorporated or unincorporated association, limited liability company,
limited liability partnership, joint stock company, land trust, business trust or unincorporated organization, or a government, whether
national, city, federal state, county, city, municipal or otherwise including, without limitation, any instrumentality, division or agency,
department or other subdivision thereof or other entity of any kind.

Pre-Notice
has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.13(b).

Proceeding
against a Person means an action, suit, litigation, arbitration, investigation, complaint, dispute, contest, hearing, inquiry, inquest,
audit, examination or other proceeding threatened or pending against, affecting or purporting to affect such Person or its property, whether
civil, criminal, administrative, investigative or appellate, in law or equity before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority.

Public
Information Failure has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.3(b).

Public
Information Failure Payments has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.3(b). Purchaser Party
has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.9.

Registrable
Securities means (i) the Conversion Shares, (ii) the Warrant Shares, and (iii) any capital stock issued or issuable with respect
to the Common Stock, including, without limitation, (1) as a result of any stock split, stock dividend or other distribution, recapitalization
or similar event or otherwise, and (2) shares of capital stock of the Company into which the shares of Common Stock are converted or exchanged
and shares of capital stock of a successor entity into which the shares of Common Stock are converted or exchanged.

Regulation
means, all international, federal, state, provincial and local laws (whether civil or common law or rule of equity and whether U.S.
or non- U.S.), treaties, constitutions, statutes, codes, tariffs, rules, guidelines, regulations, writs, injunctions, orders, judgments,
decrees, ordinances and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including, in each case whether or not having the force
of law, the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority, all policies, recommendations or guidance of any Governmental
Authority and all administrative orders, directed duties, directives, requirements, requests.

Related
Parties of any Person means such Person, (i) each Affiliate of such Person, (ii) each Person that, directly or indirectly,
owns or controls, whether beneficially, or as a trustee, guardian or other fiduciary, 5% or more of the Capital Stock having ordinary
voting power in the election of directors of such Person or such Affiliate, (iii) each of
such Persons or such Affiliates officers, managers, directors, joint venture partners, partners and employees (and any other
Person with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title or
classification as a contractor under employment Regulations), (iv) any lineal descendants, ancestors, spouse or former spouses (as part
of a marital dissolution) of any of the foregoing, (v) any trust or beneficiary of a trust of which any of the foregoing are the sole
trustees or for the benefit of any of the foregoing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Purchaser and its Subsidiaries, on the one hand,
and the Company Parties and their Subsidiaries, on the other hand, shall not be considered Related Parties of each
other.

Required
Filings means (a) any filing required pursuant to Section 4.3 or 4.14, (b) the notice and/or application(s) required
to be filed to each applicable Trading Market for the issuance and sale of the Securities and, if and as applicable, the listing of the
Conversion Shares and Warrant Shares for trading thereon in the time and manner required
thereby, (c) the filing of Form D with the Commission and such filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws,
(d) the filing of any Current Report on Form 8-K to be filed by the Company in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and
(e) the filing of the Certificate of Designation.

Required
Minimum means, as of any date, the maximum aggregate number of shares of Common Stock then issued or potentially issuable in
the future pursuant to the Transaction Documents, including any (a) Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of the Series C Preferred
Stock, ignoring any conversion limits set forth therein other than limitations required to comply with the stockholder approval requirements
of the NYSE American LLC Company Guide, and assuming that the Conversion Price is at all times on
and after the date of determination 100% of the then Conversion Price; (b) Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants, ignoring
any conversion limits set forth therein other than limitations required to comply with the stockholder approval requirements of thee NYSE
American LLC Company Guide.

Restricted
Payment means, for any Person, (a) any dividend, stock split or other distribution, direct or indirect (including by way of
spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or similar transaction), on account of, or otherwise to the
holder or holders of, any shares of any class of Capital Stock of such Person now or hereafter outstanding, (b) any redemption, retirement,
sinking fund or similar payment, purchase or other for value, direct or indirect, of any shares of any class of Capital Stock of such
Person by such Person or any Affiliate thereof now outstanding and (c) other than the payments made to retire or to obtain the surrender
of the Stock Equivalents and in an aggregate amount not to exceed $5,000,000, any payment made to retire, or to obtain the surrender of,
any Stock Equivalents now or hereafter outstanding; provided, that, for the avoidance of doubt, (i) a cashless exercise of an employee
stock option in which options are cancelled to the extent needed such that the in-the-money value of the options (i.e. the
excess of market price over exercise price) that are cancelled is utilized to pay the exercise price, and applicable taxes, shall not
be a Restricted Payment and (ii) a distribution of rights (including rights to receive assets) or options shall constitute
a Restricted Payment.

Rule
144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same effect as such Rule.

Rule
424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Sanctioned
Jurisdiction means, at any time, a country, territory or geographical region that is subject to, the target of, or purported
to be subject to, Sanctions Laws.

Sanctions
Laws means all applicable Regulations concerning or relating to economic or financial sanctions, requirements or trade embargoes
imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by OFAC, including the following (together with their implementing regulations, in
each case, as amended from time to time): the International Security and Development Cooperation Act (ISDCA) (22 U.S.C. 23499aa-9
et seq.); the Patriot Act; and the Trading with the Enemy Act (TWEA) (50U.S.C. 5 et seq.).

Sanctioned
Person means (a) any Person that is listed in the annex to, or otherwise subject to the provisions of, Executive Order 13224
Blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions with Persons Who Commit and Threaten to Commit or Support Terrorism, effective
October 24, 2001; (b) any Person that is named in any Sanctions Laws-related list maintained by OFAC, including the Specially Designated
National and Blocked Person list; (c) any Person or individual located, organized or resident or determined to be resident in a
Sanctioned Jurisdiction that is, or whose government is, the target of comprehensive Sanctions Laws; (d) any organization or Person directly
or indirectly owned or controlled by any such Person or Persons described in the foregoing clauses (a) through (c); and (e) any Person
that commits, threatens or conspires to commit or supports terrorism," as defined in applicable United States Regulations.

SEC Documents
means all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the
Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the one (1) year preceding the date of this Agreement (or such
shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated
by reference therein.

Securities
means, collectively, the Series C Preferred Stock, the Warrants, the Conversion Shares and the Warrant Shares.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Series
A Preferred Stock means the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value per share, of the Company.

Series
B Preferred Stock means the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value per share, of the Company.

Series
C Preferred Stock means the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value per share, of the Company.

Shell
Company means an entity that fits within the definition of shell company under Section 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act and Rule 144.

Short
Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act.

Stock
Equivalents means all securities and/or Indebtedness convertible into or exchangeable for Capital Stock or any other Stock
Equivalent and all warrants, options, scrip rights, calls or commitments of any character
whatsoever, and all other rights or options or other arrangements (including through a conversion or exchange of any other property) to
purchase, subscribe for or acquire, any Capital Stock or any other Stock Equivalent, whether or not presently convertible, exchangeable
or exercisable.

Subscription
Amount means, as to any Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for the Series C Preferred Stock and Warrants purchased
hereunder as specified on Schedule I.

Subsidiary
means (a) any subsidiary of the Company, and (b) any Person (other than natural persons) the management of which is, directly or indirectly,
controlled by, or of which an aggregate of 50% or more of the outstanding Voting Stock is, at the time, owned or controlled, directly
or indirectly, by such Person or one or more Subsidiaries of such Person.

Taxes
means any present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, fees, assessments, deductions, withholdings or other charges of whatever
nature, including income, receipts, excise, property, sales, use, transfer, license, payroll, withholding, social security and franchise
taxes now or hereafter imposed or levied by the United States or any other Governmental Authority and all interest, penalties, additions
to tax and similar liabilities with respect thereto, but excluding, in the case of any Purchaser, taxes imposed on or measured by the
net income or overall gross receipts of such Purchaser.

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market for the Common Stock is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock will, in accordance with the terms hereof,
be listed or quoted for trading on the date in question the NYSE, NYSE American, Nasdaq Capital
Market; the Nasdaq Global Market; the Nasdaq Global Select Market; (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction
Documents means this Agreement, the schedules attached hereto, the COD, the Warrants and any other documents or agreements
executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Transfer
Agent means Computershare and any successor transfer agent for the Companys Common Stock.

UCC
means the Uniform Commercial Code as from time to time in effect in the State of New York; provided, that, in the event that, by
reason of mandatory provisions of any applicable Regulation, the attachment, perfection or priority of any security interest in any collateral
is governed by the Uniform Commercial Code of a jurisdiction other than the State of New York, UCC shall mean the
Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in such other jurisdiction for purposes of the provisions hereof relating to such attachment, perfection
or priority and for purposes of the definitions related to or otherwise used in such provisions.

Voting
Stock means Capital Stock of any Person (i) having ordinary power to vote in the election of any member of the board of directors
or any manager, trustee or other controlling persons of such Person (irrespective of whether, at the time, Capital Stock of any other
class or classes of such entity shall have or might have voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency) and (ii) any Capital
Stock of such Person convertible or exchangeable without restriction at the option of the holder thereof into Capital Stock of such Person
described in clause (i) of this definition.

Warrants
means common stock purchase warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock equal to 100.0% of the total number of Conversion Shares issuable
upon conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock issuable to such Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement, with an exercise price equal to
$0.75 per share subject to adjustment therein, delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing in accordance with Section 2.2 hereof,
substantially the form attached hereto as Schedule 3.

Warrant
Shares means shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of the Warrants.

ARTICLE II PURCHASE
AND SALE

2.1Purchase.

(a)On the date hereof (the Closing Date), upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, substantially
concurrent with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the parties hereto, the Purchaser will purchase the number of shares of
Series C Preferred Stock and Warrants set forth on Schedule 1 hereto, at the purchase price of $100.00 per share, for the aggregate
Subscription Amount set forth on such Schedule (the Closing).

(b)By executing and delivering this Agreement, the Company and each Purchaser holding an outstanding vendor payable of the Company
(each, a Vendor Payable) agree that (i) the aggregate amount of the Vendor Payable held by such Purchaser, including all
accrued interest and unpaid late fees thereon, is set forth on Schedule 1 under the column Vendor Payables; (ii) such Purchaser
is the sole owner of all right, title and interest in and to the amount of Vendor Payable shown opposite such Purchasers name on
Schedule 1; (iii) at the Closing, all of such Purchasers Vendor Payable will automatically and without any action on the part of
such Purchaser convert into the number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock set forth opposite such Purchasers name on Schedule
1; and (iv) such shares of Series C Preferred Stock are issued in full and complete discharge and satisfaction of all obligations of the
Company (including outstanding principal, interest and other amounts) under such Purchasers Vendor Payable and such Purchasers
Vendor Payable is hereby terminated and cancelled.

2.2Closing. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchaser agrees,
severally and not jointly, to purchase, at the Closing the number of shares of Series C Preferred
Stock and Warrants applicable to such Purchaser as set forth on Schedule I. At each Closing, such Purchaser shall deliver to the
Company, via wire transfer to an account designated by the Company, immediately available Dollars or by conversion or cancellation of
indebtedness (including the Vendor Payables) equal to such Purchasers Subscription
Amount, and the Company shall issue to such Purchaser its shares of Series C Preferred Stock in uncertificated form by reflecting such
issuance on the Companys books and records and a Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser. Upon satisfaction of the covenants
and conditions set forth in Sections 2.3 and 2.4 for the Closing, the Closing
shall occur remotely by electronic exchange of Closing documentation. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if the Closing
Date does not occur within five (5) Business Days of the date hereof, this Agreement shall terminate and be null and void.

2.3Deliveries.

(a)Deliveries to Purchaser. On or prior to the Closing (except as noted), the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered
to the Purchaser the following, each dated as of the Closing Date and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Purchaser:

(i)this Agreement, duly executed by the Company; and

(ii)such other statements, agreements, good standing certificates, and other documents as the Purchaser may reasonably
require.

(b)Deliveries to the Company. On or prior to the Closing, the Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company,
as applicable, the following, each duly executed by the Purchaser and dated as of the Closing Date:

(i)this Agreement; and

(ii)the Purchasers Subscription Amount for the Series C Preferred Stock and Warrants being purchased by the Purchaser at the
Closing by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account specified in writing by the Company or by conversion or cancellation
of indebtedness (including the Vendor Payables), or by any combination of such methods.

2.4Closing Conditions.

(a)Conditions to the Companys Obligations. The obligations of the Company pursuant to Section 2.2 in connection
with the Closing are subject to the satisfaction, or waiver in accordance with this Agreement, of the following conditions on or before
the Closing Date:

(i)the representations and warranties of the Purchaser contained herein shall be true and correct in
all material respects as of the applicable Closing Date (unless expressly made as of
an earlier date herein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date);

(ii)all obligations, covenants and agreements required to be performed by the Purchaser on or prior to the Closing Date (other than
the obligations set forth in Section 2.3 to be performed at the Closing) shall have been performed; and

(iii)the delivery by the Purchaser of the items the Purchaser is required to deliver prior to the Closing Date pursuant to Section
2.3(b).

(b)Conditions to the Purchasers Obligations. The respective obligations of the Purchaser pursuant to Section 2.2
in connection with any Closing are subject to the satisfaction, or waiver in accordance with this Agreement, of the following conditions
on or before such Closing Date:

(i)the representations and warranties of each Company Party contained in any Transaction Document shall be true and correct in all
material respects as of the applicable Closing Date (unless expressly made as of an earlier date herein in which case they shall be accurate
as of such date);

(ii)all obligations, covenants and agreements required to be performed by any Company Party on or prior to the applicable Closing Date
pursuant to any Transaction Document (other than the obligations set forth in Section 2.3 to be performed at the Closing) shall
have been performed;

(iii)the delivery by each Company Party of the items such Company Party is required to deliver on or prior to the applicable Closing
Date pursuant to Section 2.3(a);

(iv)there shall be no breach of any obligation, covenant or agreement of any Company Party under the Transaction Documents and no existing
event which, with the passage of time or the giving of notice, would constitute such a breach;

(v)no Material Adverse Effect shall have occurred from the date hereof through the Closing Date;

(vi)no statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed
by any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority of competent jurisdiction that prohibits the consummation
of any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction; Documents

(vii)from the date hereof through the applicable Closing Date, trading in the shares of Common Stock shall not have been suspended by
the Commission or the Companys principal Trading Market and, at any time prior to the Closing Date, trading in securities generally
as reported by Bloomberg L.P. shall not have been suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on securities
whose trades are reported by such service, or on any Trading Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by the United
States or New York State authorities nor shall there have occurred any material outbreak, including, without limitation, a pandemic, or
escalation of hostilities or other national or international calamity of such magnitude in its effect on, or any material adverse change
in, any financial market which, in each case, in the reasonable judgment of the Purchaser, and without regard to any factors unique to
the Purchaser, makes it impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the Securities at the Closing;

(viii)the Company meets the current public information requirements under Rule 144 in respect of the Conversion Shares; and

(ix)any other conditions contained herein or the other Transaction Documents, including delivery of the items that any Company Party
is required to deliver on or prior to the Closing Date pursuant to Section 2.3.

ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES

3.1 Representations
and Warranties of the Company Parties. The Company hereby makes the representations and warranties set forth in this Article III (which
representations and warranties encompass any Subsidiary as a Subsidiary and the Company Party, and include each such representation and
warranty by such Subsidiary, in any document or agreement delivered and deliverable by the foregoing in connection with the Agreement,
as if fully set forth herein, except to the extent modified in this Agreement makes the following representations and warranties as, and
to the extent applicable to, such Company Party) to the Purchaser as of the Closing Date as to each Company Party, is deemed a part hereof
and qualifies any representation or otherwise made herein (but in no event shall qualify any indemnity obligation of the Company Parties
hereunder). The representations and warranties set forth in this Article III are qualified in all respects to all disclosures set forth
in the Companys SEC Documents.

(a)Subsidiaries. All of the direct and indirect Subsidiaries of the Company, if any, are set forth or have been disclosed in
the SEC Documents. The Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the Capital Stock and Stock Equivalents of each Subsidiary, if any,
free and clear of any Liens and all of the issued and outstanding shares of Capital Stock of each Subsidiary, if any, are validly issued
and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities.

(b)Organization and Qualification. Each Company Party is a Person duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under
the laws of its jurisdiction of organization and is duly qualified or licensed to transact business in its jurisdiction of organization,
the jurisdiction of its principal place of business, any other jurisdiction where such qualification is necessary to conduct its business
or own the property it purports to own, except where the failure to do so would not have a Material Adverse Effect and no Proceeding exists
or has be instituted or threatened in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such
power and authority or qualification. Each Company Party has the right, power and authority to enter into and discharge all of its obligations
under each Transaction Document to which it purports to be a party, each of which constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of
such Company Party, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, subject only to bankruptcy and similar Regulations affecting
creditors rights generally; and has the power, authority, Permits and Licenses to own its property and to carry on its business
as presently conducted. No Company Party is engaged in the business of extending credit (which shall not include intercompany credit among
the Company Parties) for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock or any cryptocurrency, token or other blockchain asset.

(c)Authorization; Enforcement. The execution, delivery, performance by each Company Party of its obligations, and exercise
by such Company Party of its rights, under the Transaction Documents, (i) have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate actions
of such Company Party, (ii) except for the Required Filings, the consent of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares
of Series A Preferred Stock and holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock (as required by the
Certificate of Designation for Series A Preferred Stock and Certificate of Designation for Series B Preferred Stock) and the Requisite
Stockholder Approval, do not require any Consents or Permits that have not been obtained prior to the date hereof and each such Permit
or Consent is in full force and effect and not subject of any pending or, to the best of any Company Partys knowledge, threatened,
attack or revocation, (iii) are not and will not be in conflict with or prohibited or prevented by or create a breach under (A) except
for those that do not have a Material Adverse Effect, any Regulation or Permit, (B) any corporate governance document or resolution or
(C) except for those that do not have a Material Adverse Effect, any Contractual Obligation or provision thereof binding on such Company
Party or affecting any property of such Company Party and (iv) will not result in the imposition of any Liens except for the benefit of
the Purchaser. Upon execution and delivery thereof, each Transaction Document to which such Company Party purports to be a party shall
constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Company Party, enforceable against such Company Party in accordance with its
terms.

(d)Issuance of the Securities. The shares of Series C Preferred Stock are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in
accordance with the applicable Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of
all Liens imposed by the Company other than restrictions on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents. The issuance of the Warrants
has been duly authorized, and the Warrants, when issued and paid for in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents, will be
valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable in accordance with their terms, except (i) as such enforceability may be limited
by applicable bankruptcy, examinership, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation or similar laws relating to, or affecting
generally the enforcement of, creditors rights and remedies or by other equitable principles of general application, (ii) as limited
by Laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification
and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law. The Conversion Shares, when issued in accordance with the terms of the Transaction
Documents, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company other than restrictions
on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents. The Warrant Shares, when issued in accordance with the terms of the Transaction
Documents, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company other than restrictions
on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents. The Company has reserved from its duly authorized Capital Stock a number of shares
of Common Stock for issuance of the Conversion Shares, at least equal to the Required Minimum on the date hereof or as provided for in
Section 4.10(a).

(e)Capitalization. The capitalization of the Company is as follows: 100,000,000 shares of Common Stock, par value $0.001, and
25,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, par value $0.001, and the SEC Documents detail the number of shares of Common Stock owned beneficially,
and of record, by Affiliates of the Company as of the dates set forth in such SEC Documents. The Company has not issued any Capital Stock
or Stock Equivalent since its most recently filed periodic SEC Documents except (i) for the issuance of shares of Common Stock to recipients
thereof pursuant to the Companys equity incentive plans or as inducements material to the recipients entering into employment with
the Company in accordance with Trading Market rules; (ii) pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding
as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act or upon conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents
granted to recipients thereof pursuant to the Companys equity incentive plans; or (iii) as contemplated by this Agreement (including
the issuance of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock and exercise of the Warrants). Except for the right
of first refusal in favor of the holders of Series A Preferred Stock pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement dated on or around
August 2, 2023 by and among the Company, NYF Group, Inc. and EROP Enterprises, Inc., the purchasers of certain secured convertible promissory
notes and warrants pursuant to Securities Purchase Agreements dated as of October 4, 2024, and the purchasers of certain secured original
issue discount notes and shares of Common Stock pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of February 5, 2025, no Person has
any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in, or triggered by, the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents (including the issuance of the Conversion Shares upon conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock
and Warrant Shares upon exercise of the Warrants in accordance with their respective terms). There are no outstanding securities or instruments
of the Company or any Subsidiary that contain any redemption or similar provisions (other than the Series A Preferred Stock and the Series
B Preferred Stock), and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is
or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or such Subsidiary. The Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or
phantom stock plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement. There are no outstanding Stock Equivalents with respect
to any shares of Common Stock, and there are no Contractual Obligations by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound
to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents except as set forth in the SEC Documents or as contemplated by
this Agreement. The issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company to issue shares of Common Stock or any other securities
to any Person (other than to the Purchaser) and will not result in a right of any holder of securities issued by any Company Party to
adjust the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price under any Stock Equivalent. All of the outstanding shares of Capital Stock of
the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance with all securities Regulations,
and no such outstanding share was issued in violation of any preemptive right or similar or other right to subscribe for or purchase securities
or any other existing Contractual Obligation. Except for the Required Filings, the consent of the holders of at least a majority of the
outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock and holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock
(as required by the Certificate of Designation for Series A Preferred Stock and Certificate of Designation for Series B Preferred Stock)
and the Requisite Stockholder Approval, no further approval or authorization of any stockholder or the Board of Directors, and no other
Permit or Consent is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities. There are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements
or other similar Contractual Obligations with respect to the Companys Capital Stock or Stock Equivalents to which the Company is
a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders or other equity investors.

(f)Financial Statements. The Companys latest Annual Report on Form 10-K contains the audited balance sheets, statements
of operations and statements of cash flows (the Audited Financial Statements) of the Company and the Subsidiaries
as at and for the annual periods ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. The Companys latest Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains the
unaudited balance sheets, statements of operations and statements of cash flows (the Unaudited Financial Statements)
of the Company as at and for the most recently completed quarterly period. The Audited Financial
Statements and the Unaudited Financial Statements, are hereinafter sometimes collectively referred to as the Financial Statements.
The Financial Statements have been prepared from the books and records of the Company and the Subsidiaries and in conformity with GAAP,
consistently applied, except in each case as described in the notes thereto. In addition, the Financial Statements of the Company comply
in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto
as in effect at the time of preparation and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated
Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the
case of unaudited statements, to customary and immaterial year-end audit adjustments. There is no transaction, arrangement, or other relationship
between the Company and an unconsolidated or other off-balance sheet entity that is required to be disclosed by the Company in its Exchange
Act filings and is not so disclosed

(g)Material Adverse Effects; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Except as described in the SEC Documents or in
connection with the Business Combination Agreement dated November 3, 2024 by and among Company, Amaze Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation
(Amaze Holdings), VINE Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation, Adifex Merger Sub LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company and Adifex Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and the transactions contemplated thereby (the Business
Combination Agreement), since December 31, 2023 (the date of the latest audited financial statements included in the SEC Documents):
(i) there has been no event that has had, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect (other than the Companys
current financial position and the termination of employment identified in clause (vi) below), (ii) no Company Party has incurred any
Indebtedness or other liability (contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities not required by GAAP
to be reflected in the Companys financial statements and not required to be disclosed in filings made with the Commission; (iii)
no Company Party has altered its fiscal year or accounting methods; (iv) no Company Party has declared or made any Restricted Payment
or entered in any Contractual Obligation to do so, (v) no Company Party has issued any Capital Stock to any officer, director or other
Affiliate, and (vi) there has been no event, prospects, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred or exists
or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with respect to any Company Party, their Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, properties,
operations, assets or financial condition, that would be required to be disclosed by any Company Party under applicable securities Regulations
at the time this representation is made or deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed at least one (1) Trading Day prior to the
date that this representation is made.

(h)Litigation. Except as described in the SEC Documents, there is no Proceeding against any Company Party or any Subsidiary
of any Company Party or any current or former officer or director of any Company Party or any Subsidiary of any Company Party in its capacity
as such which (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the
Securities, (ii) involves the Commission or otherwise involves violations of securities Regulations or (iii) could, assuming an unfavorable
result, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and none of the Company Parties, their Subsidiaries, or
any director or officer of any of them, is or has been the subject of any Proceeding involving a claim of violation of or liability under
securities Regulations or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending
the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

(i)Labor Relations. There is no (i) no unfair labor practice at any Company Party and there is no unfair labor practice complaint
pending against any Company Party or any Subsidiary of any Company Party or, to their knowledge of any Company Party, threatened against
any of them before the National Labor Relations Board and no grievance or arbitration proceeding arising out of or under any collective
bargaining agreement that is so pending against any Company Party or any Subsidiary of any Company Party or to their knowledge threatened
against any of them, (ii) no strike, work stoppage or other labor dispute in existence or to their knowledge threatened involving any
Company Party or any Subsidiary of any Company Party, and (iii) no union representation question existing with respect to the employees
of any Company Party or any Subsidiary of any Company Party, as the case may be, and no union organization activity that is taking place,
except (with respect to any matter specified in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above, either individually or in the aggregate) such as could
not reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries employees is a member
of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither the Company nor any of
its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement. To the knowledge of the Company, the continued service to the Company
of the executive officers of the Company Parties and their Subsidiaries is not, and is not expected to be, in violation of any material
term of any Contractual Obligation in favor of any third party, and does not subject any Company Party or any Subsidiary of any Company
Party to any Loss with respect to any of the foregoing matters.

(j)Compliance. No Company Party and no Subsidiary thereof, except as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in
a Material Adverse Effect: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not been waived that, with notice
or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor has any Company Party or any Subsidiary
thereof received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any Contractual Obligation (whether or not
such default or violation has been waived); (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or order of any Governmental Authority; (iii)
is or has been in violation of any Regulation, and to the knowledge of each Company Party, no Person has made or threatened to make any
claim that such a violation exists (including relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational health and safety, product quality
and safety, employment or labor matters) or (iv) has incurred, or could reasonably be expected to incur Losses relating to compliance
with Regulations (including clean-up costs under environmental Regulations), nor have any such Losses been threatened.

(k)Permits. Each Company Party and its Subsidiaries possess all Permits, each issued by the appropriate Governmental Authority,
that are necessary to conduct their respective businesses and which failure to possess could reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect and no Company Party nor any Subsidiary thereof has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or
modification of any such Permit.

(l)Title to Assets. Each Company Party has good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by it and good
title in fee simple to all personal property owned or purported to be owned by any of them that is material to the business of any Company
Party, in each case free and clear of all Liens except for (i) Liens that do not materially affect the value of any such property and
do not materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company Parties, (ii) Liens for the payment
of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and, the payment of which
is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by any Company Party (and any personal
property if such lease is material to the business of any Company Party) are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases
with which the Company Parties party thereto are in compliance.

(m)Intellectual Property. Except where the failure to do so would not have a Material Adverse Effect, each Company Party has,
or has rights to use, all Intellectual Property Rights they purport to have or have rights to use, which, in the aggregate for all such
Company Party, constitute all Intellectual Property Rights necessary or required for use in connection with the businesses of the Company
Parties as presently conducted. No Company Party has received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of the Intellectual Property Rights
has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within two (2) years from the date of
this Agreement, and, to the knowledge of each Company Party no event has occurred that permits, or would permit after notice or passage
of time or both, the revocation, suspension or termination of such rights. No Company Party has received, since the date of the latest
audited financial statements included within the SEC Documents, a written notice of a claim, nor has such a claim been threatened or could
reasonably be expected to be made, and no Company Party otherwise has any knowledge that any slogan or other advertising device, product,
process, method, substance or other Intellectual Property or goods or services bearing or using any Intellectual Property Right presently
contemplated to be sold by or employed by Intellectual Property Right of any Company Party violate or infringe upon the rights of any
Person, except as could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of each Company Party, all such
Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement by another Person of any of the Intellectual Property
Rights. Each Company Party has taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all of their intellectual
properties, except where failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect. All material Contractual Obligations or other arrangements of any Company Party as in effect on the date hereof pursuant to which
such Company Party has a license or other right to use any Intellectual Property owned by another Person (the License Agreements)
are in full force and effect, no default or event of default exists with respect thereto in respect of the obligations of licensor or
with respect to any royalty or other payment obligations of any Company Party or any obligation of any Company Party with respect to manufacturing
standards, quality control or specifications and each such Company Party is in compliance with the terms thereof in all material respects
and no owner, licensor or other party thereto has sent any notice of termination or its intention to terminate such license or rights,
except that the Company may not be current in its payments obligations under its License Agreements with its celebrity co-founders, and
such parties have notified the Company that they do not currently intend to renew such License Agreements upon expiration of the terms
thereof.

(n)Reserved.

(o)Transactions with Related Parties. Except as described in the SEC Documents, no Company Party is a party to any Contractual
Obligation or other transaction with any Related Party that is not a Company Party and that would be required to be disclosed in the SEC
Documents, including Investments by any Company Party in any such other Related Party or Indebtedness owing by or to any such other Related
Party and (b) transfers, sales, leases, assignments or other s or dispositions of any asset, in each case except for (c) transactions
in the ordinary course of business on a basis no less favorable to the Company Parties as would be obtained in a comparable arms
length transaction with a Person not a Related Party and (d) salaries and other director or employee or other staff compensation, including
expense reimbursements and employee benefits, of the Company Parties.

(p)Reserved.

(q)Reserved

(r)Private Placement. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section3.3,
no registration under the Securities Act is required for the offer and sale of the Securities by the Company to the Purchaser under the
Transaction Documents. The issuance and sale of the Securities hereunder do not contravene the rules and regulations of the Trading Market.

(s)Investment Company. No Company Party is, or is an Affiliate of (and, immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities
and before and after giving effect to the use of the proceeds thereof, none will be or be an Affiliate of), an investment company
within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. Each Company Party shall conduct its business in a manner so that
it will not become an investment company subject to registration under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(t)Registration Rights. Except as set forth in Section 4.13 or as set forth in the SEC Documents, no Person has any right to
cause any Company Party to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any securities of any Company Party.

(u)Listing and Maintenance Requirements. The shares of Common Stock are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange
Act, and the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to the knowledge of the Company is likely to have the effect of, terminating
the registration of the shares of Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission
is contemplating terminating such registration. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents, the Company has not, in the twelve (12) months
preceding the date hereof, received notice from any Trading Market on which the shares of Common Stock are or have been listed or quoted
to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing or maintenance requirements of such Trading Market. Other than a
potential future failure to meet the minimum net equity requirements for continued listing on the Trading Market and except as disclosed
in the SEC Documents, the Company is and has no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance
with all such listing and maintenance requirements.

(v)Application of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board of Directors (or equivalent body) have taken all necessary
action, if any, in order to render inapplicable any poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) that is or could
become applicable as a result of the Purchaser and the Company fulfilling their respective obligations or exercising their respective
rights under the Transaction Documents, including as a result of the Companys issuance of the Securities and the ownership of the
Securities by the Purchaser or any Affiliate of the Purchaser.

(w)Disclosure. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents and matters identified or described in this Agreement or otherwise disclosed to the Purchaser, each Company Party confirms that
none of the Company Parties, their Affiliates, or agents or counsel or any other Person acting on behalf of the foregoing has provided
the Purchaser, any Purchaser Party or their agents or counsel with any information that it believes constitutes or might constitute material,
non-public information. The Company understands and confirms that the Purchaser will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting
transactions in securities of the Company. All of the disclosures furnished by or on behalf of any Company Party or any Affiliate thereof
to any Purchaser regarding the Company Parties and their Subsidiaries, their respective businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby,
are true and correct in all material respects and do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material
fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
The press releases disseminated by the Company Parties during the twelve (12) months preceding the date of this Agreement taken as a whole
do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in
order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not misleading. Each Company
Party acknowledges and agrees that the Purchaser makes or has made no representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated
hereby other than those specifically set forth in Section 3.3.

(x)No Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section
3.3, no Company Party, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any
offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the
Securities to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of (i) the Securities Act which would require the registration
of any such securities under the Securities Act, or (ii) any applicable shareholder approval provisions of any Trading Market on which
any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated.

(y)No General Solicitation. Neither the Company nor any person acting on behalf of the Company has offered or sold any of the
Securities by any form of general solicitation or general advertising. The Company has offered the Securities for sale only to the Purchaser
and certain other accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Securities Act.

(z)Foreign Corrupt Practices. No Company Party and, to the knowledge of the Company, no Related Party of any Company Party,
has done any of the following, directly or indirectly (including through agents, contractors, trustees, representatives and advisors):
(i) made contributions or payments of, or reimbursement for, gifts, entertainment or other expenses, in each case that could reasonably
be viewed as unlawful under U.S. or other Regulations related to foreign or domestic political activity or (ii) made payments to U.S.
or other officials, judges, employees or other staff members of any Governmental Authority or other Persons viewed as government officials
under any Regulation or to any foreign or domestic political parties, elected or union officials or campaigns in order to obtain, retain
or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, and no part of the proceeds will be used, directly or indirectly, to fund any such
payment; failed to disclose fully any contribution or other payment made by any Company Party or any Subsidiary of any Company Party (or
made by any person acting on the behalf of any of the foregoing) which could reasonably be viewed as in violation of U.S. or other Regulations;
or (iv) any other activity in violation of the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or any other Regulation
sanctioning or purporting to sanction bribery, corruption and other improper payments.

(aa)Accountants; Internal Accounting and Sarbanes-Oxley. Wipfli LLP (the Accountants)
are and have been throughout the periods covered by the Financial Statements and through the date hereof (a) a registered public accounting
firm (as defined in Section 2(a)(12) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002), (b) independent with respect to the Company within
the meaning of Regulation S-X and (c) in compliance with subsections (g) through (l) of Section 10A of the Exchange Act and the related
rules of the SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. The report of the Accountants on the Financial Statements for the
past fiscal year did not contain an adverse opinion or a disclaimer of opinion, or was qualified as to uncertainty, audit scope, or accounting
principles, other than a going concern qualification. During the Companys most recent fiscal year and the subsequent interim periods,
there were no disagreements with the Accountants on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure,
or auditing scope or procedures. None of the reportable events listed in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) or (v) of Regulation S-K occurred with respect
to the Company. The Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance with any and all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 that are effective as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the Commission thereunder
that are effective as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date. The Company and the Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting
controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general
or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with
GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific
authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate
action is taken with respect to any differences. The Company and the Subsidiaries have established disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries and designed such disclosure controls
and procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange
Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms. The
Companys certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of the Company and the
Subsidiaries as of the end of the period covered by the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act (such date, the Evaluation
Date). The Company presented in its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying
officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation Date. Since
the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in the Exchange
Act) of the Company and its Subsidiaries that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the internal control
over financial reporting of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

(bb)Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each Purchaser
is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length purchaser and not as a part of a group, as such term is defined in Section 13(d)
of the Exchange Act, with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby. The Company further acknowledges
that no Purchaser is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to the Transaction
Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by the Purchaser, any Purchaser Party or any of their respective
representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby is merely incidental
to the Purchaser purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to the Purchaser that the Companys decision
to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the transactions
contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.

(cc)Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Trading Activity. Anything in this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the contrary
notwithstanding, it is understood and acknowledged by the Company that: (i) the Purchaser has not been asked by the Company to agree,
nor has the Purchaser agreed, to desist from purchasing or selling, long and/or short, securities of the Company, or derivative
securities based on securities issued by the Company or to hold the Securities for any specified term, (ii) past or future open market
or other transactions by the Purchaser, specifically including, without limitation, Short Sales or derivative transactions,
before or after the closing of this or future private placement transactions, may negatively impact the market price of the Companys
publicly-traded securities, (iii) the Purchaser, and counter-parties in derivative transactions to which the Purchaser is
a party, directly or indirectly, presently may have a short position in the Common Stock and (iv) the Purchaser shall not
be deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any arms length counter-party in any derivative transaction.
The Company further understands and acknowledges that (y) the Purchaser may engage in hedging activities at various times during the period
that the Securities are outstanding, including, without limitation, during the periods that the value of the Conversion Shares deliverable
with respect to Securities are being determined, and (z) such hedging activities (if any) could reduce the value of the existing stockholders
equity interests in the Company at and after the time that the hedging activities are being conducted. The Company acknowledges that such
aforementioned hedging activities do not constitute a breach of any of the Transaction Documents.

(dd)Stock Option Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company under the Companys stock option plan was granted (i)
in accordance with the terms of the Companys stock option plan and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market
value of the Common Stock on the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted
under the Companys stock option plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no
Company policy or practice to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options with,
the release or other public announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results
or prospects.

(ee)Cybersecurity. (i) There has been no security breach or other compromise of or relating to any of the Companys or
any Subsidiarys information technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including the data of its respective
customers, employees, suppliers, vendors and any third party data maintained by or on behalf of it), equipment or technology (collectively,
IT Systems and Data) and (y) the Company and the Subsidiaries have not been notified of, and has no knowledge of any event
or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in, any security breach or other compromise to its IT Systems and Data; (ii)
the Company and the Subsidiaries are presently in compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and
regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating
to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation
or modification, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; (iii) the Company and the Subsidiaries
have implemented and maintained commercially reasonable safeguards to maintain and protect its material confidential information and the
integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems and Data; and (iv) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented
backup and disaster recovery technology consistent with industry standards and practices.

(ff)Subsidiary Rights. The Company has the unrestricted right to vote, and (subject to limitations imposed by applicable law)
to receive dividends and distributions on all capital securities of its Subsidiaries, if any, as owned by the Company or any Subsidiary
of the Company.

(gg)Promotional Stock Activities. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary of the Company and none of their respective officers,
directors, managers, affiliates or agents have engaged in any stock promotional activity that could reasonably be expected to give rise
to a complaint, inquiry, or trading suspension by the Commission alleging (i) a violation of the anti-fraud provisions of the federal
securities laws, (ii) violations of the anti-touting provisions, (iii) improper gun-jumping; or (iv) promotion without proper disclosure
of compensation.

(hh)Reserved.

(ii)Regulation M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no Company Party, Subsidiary of any Company Party or
no one acting on any of their behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed
to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale
of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the Securities,
or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company,
other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), compensation paid to the Companys placement agent in connection with the placement
of the Securities.

(jj)Reserved.

(kk)Sanctions. No Company Party and no Related Party of any Company Party, directly or indirectly (including through agents,
contractors, trustees, representatives or advisors) (a) is in violation of any Sanctions Law or engages in, or conspire or attempts to
engage in, any transaction evading or avoiding any prohibition in any Sanction Law, (b) is a Sanctioned Person or derive revenues from
investments in, or transactions with Sanctioned Persons, (c) has any assets located in Sanctioned Jurisdictions or (d) deals in, or otherwise
engages in any transactions relating to, any property or interest in property blocked pursuant to any Regulation administered or enforced
by the U.S. Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC).

(ll)U.S. Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within
the meaning of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon the Purchasers
request.

(mm)Bank Holding Company Act and Other Limiting Regulations. No Company Party and no Affiliate of any Company Party is subject
to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the
Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve). No Company Party and no Subsidiary or Affiliate of any Company Party
owns or controls, directly or indirectly, individually or in the aggregate, five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any
class of voting securities or twenty-five percent or more of the total equity of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and
to regulation by the Federal Reserve. No Company Party and no Subsidiary or Affiliate of any Company Party, either individually or in
the aggregate, directly or indirectly, exercise or has the ability to exercise a controlling influence over the management or policies
of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. The Company is not an investment
company and is not a company controlled by an investment company, within the meaning of the Investment
Company Act of 1940. The Company is not subject to regulation under the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 2005, the Federal Power
Act, the Interstate Commerce Act or the Investment Company Act of 1940 or to any Regulation or Permit limiting the Companys ability
to incur indebtedness for borrowed money.

(nn)Tax Status. Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result
in a Material Adverse Effect, the Company Parties (i) have made or filed all United States federal, state and local income and all foreign
income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) have paid all taxes
and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and
declarations and (iii) have set aside on their respective books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material taxes for
periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material amount
claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company Parties know of no basis for any such claim.

(oo)Shell Company Status. The Company has not been an issuer subject to Rule 144(i) under the Securities Act, and is not a shell
company.

(pp)AML/CTF Regulations. The operations of the Company Parties and their Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times
in compliance with applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act
of 1970 and other applicable money laundering and counter-terrorism financing Regulations (collectively, the AML/CTF Regulations),
and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving any Company
Party or any Subsidiary of any Company Party with respect to any AML/CTF Regulation is pending or, to the knowledge of any Company Party
or any such Subsidiary, threatened.

(qq)Disqualification Events. With respect to the Securities to be offered and sold hereunder in reliance on Rule 506(b) of Regulation
D promulgated under the Securities Act, none of the Company, any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer,
other officer of the Company participating in the offering hereunder, any beneficial owner of twenty percent (20%) or more of the Companys
outstanding voting equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as such term is defined in Rule 405 under
the Securities Act) connected with the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (as each such term is used and understood in Rule 506(d)
of Regulation D under the Securities Act, each a Company Covered Person) is subject to any of the "Bad Actor"
disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) of Regulation D under the Securities Act (a Disqualification Event),
except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3) of Regulation D under the Securities Act. The Company has exercised
reasonable care to determine whether any Company Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification Event. The Company has complied, to the
extent applicable, with its disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act and has furnished
to the Purchaser a copy of any disclosures provided thereunder. The Company will notify the Purchaser in writing, prior to the Closing
Date, of (i) any Disqualification Event relating to any Company Covered Person and (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time,
become a Disqualification Event relating to any Company Covered Person.

(rr)No Other Covered Persons. Except compensation (fees and warrants) to be paid to The Oak Ridge Financial Services Group,
Inc., as financial advisor to the Company, there is no Person (other than a Company Covered Person) that has been or will be paid (directly
or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of the Purchaser in connection with the sale of any Securities.

3.2 [Reserved]

3.3 Representations
and Warranties of the Purchaser. The Purchaser hereby represents and warrants as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date to
the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date):

(a)Organization; Authority. The Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited
liability company or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents
and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance
by the Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership,
limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of the Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to which it is a party
has been duly executed by the Purchaser, and when delivered by the Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the
valid and legally binding obligation of the Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except: (i) as limited by
general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting
enforcement of creditors rights generally; (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive
relief or other equitable remedies; and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

(b)Own Account. The Purchaser understands that the Securities are restricted securities and have not been registered
under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and not
with a view to or for distributing or reselling such Securities or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable
state securities law, has no present intention of distributing any of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable
state securities law and has no direct or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the
distribution of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law (this representation and warranty
not limiting the Purchasers right to sell the Securities in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). The
Purchaser is acquiring the Securities hereunder in the ordinary course of its business.

(c)Purchaser Status. At the time the Purchaser was offered or otherwise purchased or acquired the Securities, it was, and as
of the date hereof it is, and on each date on which it converts the Series B Preferred Stock, it will be an accredited investor
as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7) or (a)(8) under the Securities Act.

(d)Experience of the Purchaser. The Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication
and experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment
in the Securities, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. The Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of an
investment in the Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

(e)Access to Information. The Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents
(including all exhibits and schedules thereto), the SEC Documents and the registration statement on Form S-4 filed by Amaze Holdings with
the Commission related to the Business Combination Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby and has been afforded, (i) the
opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed necessary of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning
the terms and conditions of the offering of the Securities and the merits and risks of investing in the Securities; (ii) access to information
about the Company and its financial condition, results of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable
it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the opportunity to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire
without unreasonable effort or expense that is necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment. 

(f)General Solicitation. The Purchaser is not purchasing the Securities as a result of any advertisement, article, notice or
other communication regarding the Securities published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio
or presented at any seminar or any other general solicitation or general advertisement.

(g)Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, the Purchaser
has not directly or indirectly, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with the Purchaser, executed any
purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that the Purchaser
first received a term sheet (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material
terms of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if the Purchaser is a multi-managed investment vehicle (whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of the Purchasers
assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions
of the Purchasers assets), the representation set forth above in this clause (f) shall only apply with respect to the portion
of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. Other
than to other Persons party to this Agreement, the Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection
with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt,
nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing
shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

(h)Acknowledgment of Voting Power. Immediately following the Purchasers acquisition of Series C Preferred Stock and
Warrants pursuant to this Agreement, the Purchasers aggregate percentage voting power ascribed to shares of the Companys
Capital Stock (including without limitation the voting power of any shares of Common Stock, Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred
Stock and Series C Preferred Stock) owned by such Purchaser, collectively with any person deemed to beneficially own such shares, will
be less than twenty percent (20%) of the voting power ascribed to all outstanding shares of the Companys Capital Stock. For purposes
of this representation, the Purchaser shall be entitled to rely the number of outstanding shares of the Companys Capital Stock
provided to the Purchaser by the Company.

The Company and each of the Purchasers acknowledge
and agree that no party to this Agreement has made or makes any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated
hereby other than those specifically set forth in this Article 3 and the Transaction Documents.

ARTICLE IV OTHER
AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1Transfer Restrictions.

(a)The Securities may only be disposed of in compliance with state and federal securities laws. In connection with any transfer of
Securities other than pursuant to an effective registration statement or Rule 144 or any other exemption under the Securities Act, to
the Company or to an Affiliate of the Purchaser or in connection with a pledge as contemplated in Section 4.1(b), the Company may
require the transferor thereof to provide to the Company an opinion of counsel selected by the transferor and reasonably acceptable to
the Company, at the Companys sole expense in the form and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Company,
to the effect that such transfer does not require registration of such transferred Securities under the Securities Act. As a condition
of transfer, any such transferee shall agree in writing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement and shall have the rights and obligations
of the Purchaser under this Agreement.

(b)The Purchaser agrees, severally but not jointly, to the imprinting, for as long as is required by this Section 4.1, of a
legend on all of the Securities in the following form:

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES
INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION
OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT),
AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT
TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE
WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR TO SUCH EFFECT, THE SUBSTANCE OF WHICH
SHALL BE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED
IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT WITH A REGISTERED BROKER-DEALER OR OTHER LOAN WITH A FINANCIAL INSTITUTION THAT IS AN ACCREDITED
INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

The Company acknowledges and agrees that
the Purchaser may from time to time pledge pursuant to a bona fide margin agreement with a registered broker-dealer or grant a security
interest in some or all of its Securities to a financial institution that is an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)
under the Securities Act and who agrees to be bound by the provisions of this Agreement and, if required under the terms of such arrangement,
the Purchaser may transfer pledged or secured Securities to the pledgees or secured parties. Such a pledge or transfer would not be subject
to approval of the Company and no legal opinion of legal counsel of the pledgee, secured party or pledgor shall be required in connection
therewith. Further, no notice shall be required of such pledge. At the Companys expense, the Company will execute and deliver such
reasonable documentation as a pledgee or secured party of Securities may reasonably request in connection with a pledge or transfer of
the Securities.

(c)Certificates evidencing the Conversion Shares and Warrant Shares shall not contain any legend (including the legend set forth in
Section 4.1(b)): (i) while a registration statement covering the resale of such security is effective under the Securities Act;
(ii) following any sale of such Conversion Shares or Warrant Shares, as applicable, pursuant to Rule 144 without restriction or limitation;
(iii) if such Conversion Shares or Warrant Shares, as applicable, are eligible for sale under Rule 144 and without the requirement for
the Company to be in compliance with Rule 144(c)(1) and otherwise without restriction or limitation pursuant to Rule 144; or (iv) if such
legend is not required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued
by the staff of the Commission). The Company shall upon request of the Purchaser cause to be issued a legal opinion (which opinion the
Companys counsel, or at the option of the Purchaser, the Purchaser shall be responsible for obtaining, in either event at the Companys
sole cost and expense) to the Transfer Agent promptly after any of the events described in (i)-(iv) in the preceding sentence if required
by the Transfer Agent to effect the removal of any legend (including that described in Section 4.1(b)), with a copy to the Purchaser
and its broker. If all or any portion of Series C Preferred Stock and Warrant, is at a time
when there is an effective registration statement to cover the resale of the Conversion Shares and Warrant Shares, may be sold under Rule
144 or if such legend is not otherwise required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations
and pronouncements issued by the staff of the Commission) then such Conversion Shares and Warrant Shares, as applicable, shall be issued
free of all legends. The Company agrees that following such time as such legend is no longer required under this Section 4.1(c),
it will, no later than two (2) Trading Days following the delivery by the Purchaser to the Company or the Transfer Agent of a certificate
representing Conversion Shares and Warrant Shares, as applicable, issued with a restrictive legend (such second (2nd) Trading
Day, the Legend Removal Date of such Securities of the Purchaser), instruct the Transfer Agent to deliver or cause
to be delivered to the Purchaser a certificate representing such shares that is free from all restrictive and other legends. The Company
may not make any notation on its records or give instructions to the Transfer Agent that enlarge the restrictions on transfer set forth
in this Section 4.1. Certificates for the Conversion Shares and Warrant Shares subject to legend removal hereunder shall be transmitted
by the Transfer Agent to the Purchaser by crediting the account of the Purchasers prime broker with the Depository Trust Company
System as directed by the Purchaser.

(d)In addition to the Purchasers other available remedies, the Company shall pay to the Purchaser, in cash, as partial liquidated
damages and not as a penalty, by reason of any such delay after the Legend Removal Date, (i) with respect to the Conversion Shares and
Warrant Shares, as applicable, an amount in cash equal to (i) $10 per calendar day for the first thirty (30) calendar days of such failure
and (ii) $20 per calendar day for each calendar day after the first thirty (30) calendar days of such failure, and all accrued but unpaid
interest thereon. Nothing herein shall limit the Purchasers right to pursue actual damages for the Companys failure to deliver
certificates representing any Securities as required by the Transaction Documents, and the Purchaser shall have, severally and not jointly,
the right to pursue all remedies available to it at law or in equity including a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief.

4.2Acknowledgment of Dilution. The Company acknowledges that the issuance of the Securities
may result in dilution of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, which dilution may be substantial under certain market conditions. The
Company further acknowledges that its obligations under the Transaction Documents, including its obligation to issue the Conversion Shares
pursuant to the Transaction Documents, are unconditional and absolute and not subject to any right of set off, counterclaim, delay or
reduction, regardless of the effect of any such dilution or any claim the Company may have against the Purchaser and regardless of the
dilutive effect that such issuance may have on the ownership of the other stockholders of the Company.

4.3Furnishing of Information; Public Information.

(a)The Company covenants to maintain the registration of the Common Stock under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act and to timely file
(or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period).

(b)If required by the rules and regulations of the Commission, the Company shall by no later than four Business Days after the Closing
Date file a Form 8-K with the Commission to disclose information reflecting the material terms of the Transaction Documents.

4.4Integration. The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise
negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of
the Securities in a manner that would require the registration under the Securities Act of the sale of the Securities or that would be
integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes of the rules and regulations of any Trading Market such that it would
require shareholder approval prior to the closing of such other transaction unless shareholder approval is obtained before the closing
of such subsequent transaction.

4.5Conversion Procedures. The form of Notice of Conversion accompanying
the COD sets forth the totality of the procedures required of the Purchaser in order to convert such Series C Preferred Stock.
Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original Notice of Conversion shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or
other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Conversion form be required in order to convert shares of Series C Preferred
Stock. No additional legal opinion, other information or instructions shall be required of the Purchaser to convert shares of Series C
Preferred Stock. The Company shall honor conversions of the Series C Preferred Stock, and shall deliver Conversion Shares in accordance
with the terms, conditions and time periods set forth in the Transaction Documents.

4.6Shareholder Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the
consent of the Company, any other Person, that the Purchaser is an acquiring person (or similar or equivalent term) under
any poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) in effect or hereafter adopted by the Company.

4.7Material Non-Public Information. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions
of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, each Company Party covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any of its
Affiliates, nor any other Person acting on its behalf, will hereafter provide the Purchaser,
any Purchaser Party or their respective agents or counsel with any information that any Company Party believes constitutes material non-public
information, unless prior thereto such information is disclosed to the public, or the Purchaser shall have entered into a written agreement
with the Company regarding the confidentiality and use of such information. Except as disclosed in SEC Documents, there has been no public
announcement of a pending or proposed Fundamental Transaction or Change of Control Transaction that has not been consummated. The Company
understands and confirms that the Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing representations, warranties and covenants in effecting transactions
in securities of the Company.

4.8Requisite Stockholder Approval. The Company shall take all action necessary under applicable
law to call, give notice of and hold a special meeting of stockholders (a Stockholder Meeting)
within 120 days from the Closing (the Stockholder Meeting Deadline) for the purpose
of obtaining stockholder approval of the conversion of all issued and outstanding Series C Preferred Stock and exercise of all Warrants
into shares of Common Stock in accordance with the listing rules of the principal Trading Market (the Requisite Stockholder
Approval). The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to prepare and cause to be filed
with the SEC a proxy statement (the Proxy Statement) related to the solicitation
of votes to approve such resolution, among other proposals, and to cause the Board of Directors to recommend to the stockholders that
they approve such resolution. If the Requisite Stockholder Approval is not obtained on or prior to the Stockholder Meeting Deadline, the
Company shall cause an additional Stockholder Meeting to be held within 90 days from the prior meeting (the Extended Stockholder
Approval Period). If the Requisite Stockholder Approval is not obtained within the Extended Stockholder
Approval Period, then the Company shall convene additional stockholder meetings every 90 days thereafter until the Requisite Stockholder
Approval is obtained.

4.9Indemnification of the Purchaser Party. Each Company Party shall, jointly and severally,
indemnify against, and hold harmless from, the Purchaser, their Related Parties, each Person who controls any of them (within the meaning
of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and their agents, contractors, trustees, representatives and
advisors (each, a Purchaser Party) any and all Losses that any Purchaser Party may suffer or incur as a result of or relating
to (a) the administration, performance or enforcement by the Purchaser of any of the Transaction Documents or consummation of any transaction
described therein, (b) the existence of, perfection of, a Lien upon or, the sale or collection of, or any other damage, Loss, failure
to return or other realization upon any collateral, (c) the failure of any Company Party or any of their Related Parties (whether directly
or through their agents, contractors, trustees, representatives and advisors) to observe, perform or discharge any of the covenants or
duties under any of the Transaction Documents, (d) any Proceeding, whether or not any Purchaser Party is a party thereto (including Proceedings
instituted by any Governmental Authority or any holder of any equity interest in, or other direct or indirect investor in, the Company
who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser Party) with respect to any of the Transaction Documents or the transactions contemplated therein.
Additionally, if any Taxes (excluding Taxes imposed upon or measured solely by the net income of the recipient of any payment made under
any Transaction Document, but including any intangibles tax, stamp tax, recording tax or franchise tax) shall be imposed on any Company
Party or Purchaser Party, whether or not lawfully payable, on account of the execution or delivery of this Agreement, or the execution,
delivery, issuance or recording of any of the other Transaction Documents, or the creation or repayment of any of obligations hereunder,
by reason of any applicable Regulations now or hereafter in effect, each Company shall, jointly and severally, pay (or shall promptly
reimburse such Purchaser Party for the payment of) all such Taxes, including any interest, penalties, expenses and other Losses with respect
thereto), (e) all judgments, amounts paid in settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation
that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or incur as a result of or relating to (i) the administration, performance or enforcement by
the Purchaser of any of the Transaction Documents or consummation of any transaction described therein, (ii) any breach of any of the
representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents, or (iii)
any Proceeding, whether or not any Purchaser Party is a party thereto (including Proceedings instituted by any governmental authority
or any holder of any equity interest in, or other direct or indirect investor in, the Company who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser
Party) with respect to any of the Transaction Documents or the transactions contemplated therein (unless such action is solely based upon
a material breach of such Purchaser Partys representations, warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements
or understandings such Purchaser Party may have with any such stockholder or any violations by such Purchaser Party of state or federal
securities laws or any conduct by such Purchaser Party which is finally judicially determined to constitute fraud, gross negligence or
willful misconduct). Additionally, if any taxes (excluding taxes imposed upon or measured solely by the net income of the recipient of
any payment made under any Transaction Document, but including any intangibles tax, stamp tax, recording tax or franchise tax) shall be
imposed on the Company or Purchaser Party, whether or not lawfully payable, on account of the execution or delivery of this Agreement,
or the execution, delivery, issuance or recording of any of the other Transaction Documents, or the creation or repayment of any
of obligations hereunder, by reason of any applicable regulations now or hereafter in effect, the Company shall pay (or shall promptly
reimburse such Purchaser Party for the payment of) all such taxes, including any interest, penalties, expenses and other Losses with respect
thereto), and will indemnify and hold the Purchaser Parties harmless from and against all Losses arising therefrom or in connection therewith,
and will indemnify and hold the Purchaser Parties harmless from and against all Losses arising therefrom or in connection therewith. The
foregoing indemnities shall not apply to Losses incurred by any Purchaser Party as a result of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct
as determined by a final non-appealable order of a court of competent jurisdiction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Transaction
Document, the obligations of the Company Parties with respect to each indemnity given by them in this Agreement or any of the other Transaction
Documents in favor of the Purchaser Parties shall survive the termination of this Agreement. The indemnification required by this Section
4.9 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are
received or are incurred. The indemnification contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of action or similar right of any Purchaser
Party against any Company Party or others and any liabilities any Company Party may be subject to pursuant to any Regulation.

4.10Reservation and Listing of Securities.

(a)The Company shall maintain a reserve equal to the Required Minimum of shares from its duly authorized shares of Common Stock for
issuance pursuant to the Transaction Documents in such amount as may then be required to fulfill its obligations in full under the Transaction
Documents.

(b)If, on any date, the number of authorized but unissued (and otherwise unreserved) shares of Common Stock is less than 100% of the
Required Minimum on such date, then the Board of Directors shall take action in accordance with the Nevada Revised Statutes (which, if
required, may include seeking stockholder approval to effect an increase in the authorized shares of Common Stock) to amend the Companys
Articles of Incorporation (or equivalent governing document) to increase the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock
to 100% of the Required Minimum at such time, as soon as possible.

(c)The Company shall, if applicable: (i) in the time and manner required by the principal Trading Market, prepare and file with such
Trading Market an additional shares listing application covering a number of shares of Common Stock at least equal to the Required Minimum
on the date of such application; and (ii) take all steps necessary to cause such shares of Common Stock to be approved for listing or
quotation on such Trading Market as soon as possible thereafter.

The Company shall promptly pay all fees and expenses
owed to the Transfer Agent and shall not replace the Transfer Agent without the written Consent of the Purchaser.

4.11Subsequent Equity Sales.

(a)So long as any Series C Preferred Stock remains outstanding, except for transactions in the ordinary course of the Companys
business and except for capital raises, the Company and each of its Subsidiaries shall be prohibited from, directly or indirectly, effecting
or entering into (or publicly announcing or recommending to its stockholders the approval or adoption thereof by such stockholders) any
agreement, plan, arrangement or transaction that would or would reasonably be expected to materially restrict, delay, conflict with or
impair the ability or right of the Company and/or a Subsidiary to timely perform its obligations under this Agreement, and/or the other
Transaction Documents, including, without limitation, the obligation of the Company to timely deliver shares of Common Stock to any Purchaser
(or a designee thereof, if applicable) in accordance with this Agreement.

(b)The Purchaser shall, severally or jointly, be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against any Company Party to preclude any such
issuance, which remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages.

(c)Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 4.11 shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance.

4.12Trading Activities of Purchaser.

(a)Prohibited Short Sales. The Purchaser covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any of its Affiliates acting on its behalf
or pursuant to any understanding with it, will execute (i) any Short Sales of the Common Stock or (ii) any hedging transaction that establishes
a net short position with respect to the Companys Common Stock, in each case during the period commencing with the execution of
this Agreement and the full repayment or conversion of all of the Purchasers Series C Preferred Stock and exercise of all of such
Purchasers Warrants; provided, that this provision shall not prohibit any sales made where a corresponding Notice of Conversion
or Exercise Notice, as applicable, is tendered to the Company and the shares received upon
such conversion or exercise are used to close out such sale; provided, further, that this provision shall not operate to
restrict the Purchasers trading under any prior securities purchase agreement containing contractual rights that explicitly protects
such trading in respect of the previously issued securities.

(b)Acknowledgment Regarding the Purchasers Other Trading Activities. Anything in this Agreement or elsewhere herein
to the contrary notwithstanding (except for this Section 4.12), it is understood and acknowledged by the Company that (i) the Purchaser
has not been asked by the Company to agree, nor has the Purchaser agreed, to desist from purchasing or selling Securities of the Company
or from entering into Short Sales or Derivatives based on securities issued by the Company or to hold the Securities for any specified
term, (ii) past or future open market or other transactions by the Purchaser, specifically including Short Sales or Derivatives, before
or after the Closing or the closing of any future private placement transactions, may negatively impact the market price of the Companys
publicly-traded securities, (iii) the Purchaser, and counter-parties in Derivatives to which the Purchaser is a party, directly or indirectly,
may presently have a short position in the shares of Common Stock and (iv) the Purchaser shall not be deemed to have any
affiliation with or control over any arms length counter-party in any Derivative. The Company further understands and acknowledges
that (y) the Purchaser may engage in hedging activities at various times during the period that the Securities are outstanding, including,
during the periods that the value of the Conversion Shares deliverable with respect to Securities are being determined, and (z) such hedging
activities (if any) could reduce the value of the existing stockholders equity interests in the Company at and after the time that
the hedging activities are being conducted. The Company acknowledges that such aforementioned hedging activities and Derivatives do not
constitute a breach of any of the Transaction Documents.

4.13Registration Rights.

(a)Demand Registration. As promptly as practicable after the date the Proxy Statement
is cleared by the Commission, the Company shall prepare and file with the Commission a registration statement covering the resale of all
of the Registrable Securities that are not then registered (the Registration Statement) for an offering to be made
on a continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415. The Registration Statement filed hereunder shall be on Form S-3 (except if the Company is
not then eligible to register for resale the Registrable Securities on Form S-3, in which case such registration shall be on another appropriate
form in accordance herewith. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause the Registration
Statement filed under this Section 4.13(a)to be declared effective under the Securities Act as soon as practicable after the filing thereof,
, and shall use its reasonable best efforts to keep such Registration Statement continuously effective under the Securities Act until
the date that all Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement (i) have been sold, thereunder or pursuant to Rule 144,
or (ii) may be sold without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions pursuant to Rule 144 and without the requirement for the Company to
be in compliance with the current public information requirement under Rule 144, as determined by the counsel to the Company.

(b)Piggy-Back Registration. Whenever the Company proposes to register the offer and
sale of any shares of its Common Stock under the Securities Act after the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination
Agreement (other than a registration (i) pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-8 (or other registration solely relating to an
offering or sale to employees or directors of the Company pursuant to any employee stock plan or other employee benefit arrangement),
or (ii) pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-4 (or similar form that relates to a transaction subject to Rule 145 under the
Securities Act or any successor rule thereto), whether for its own account or for the account of one or more stockholders of the Company
and the form of registration statement (a Piggyback Registration Statement) to be used may be used for any registration
of shares of common stock (a Piggyback Registration), the Company shall give prompt written notice to Purchasers
of its intention to effect such a registration and shall include in such registration all or any part of the Conversion Shares and Warrant
Shares, subject to applicable Regulations, with respect to which the Company has received a written request for inclusion from Purchaser
within fifteen (15) days after the Companys notice has been given to such Purchaser; provided, however, the Company
shall not be required to register any Conversion Shares and/or Warrant Shares pursuant to this Section 4.13(b) that are eligible
for resale pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act without restriction or that are the subject of a then-effective registration
statement.

(c)Expenses of Registrations. All reasonable expenses, other than underwriting discounts and commissions, incurred in connection
with registrations, filings or qualifications pursuant to Section 4.13(a) and Section 4.13(b), including, without limitation,
all registration, listing and qualifications fees, printers and accounting fees, FINRA filing fees (if any) and fees and disbursements
of counsel for the Company shall be paid by the Company.

4.14Securities Laws Disclosure; Publicity.

(a)Reserved. 

(b)Other Periodic Filings. If and as applicable, the Company shall timely file
(or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company
after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act and the Company shall meet the current public information requirements of Rule 144(c)
under the Securities Act as of the end of the period in question.

(c)Other Public Disclosures. The Company and the Purchaser shall consult with each other in issuing any other public disclosure
with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, and none of the Company or the Purchaser shall issue any such public disclosure
nor otherwise make any such public statement without the prior consent of the Company, with respect to any press release of the Purchaser,
or without the prior consent of the Purchaser, with respect to any press release of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably
be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure is reasonably viewed as required by any Regulation, in which case the disclosing party
shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement or communication. The Company shall not publicly disclose
the name, trademark, service mark, symbol, logo (or any abbreviation, contraction or simulation thereof) of, or otherwise refer to, the
Purchaser without the prior consent of the Purchaser (including in any press release, letterhead, public announcement or marketing material),
except, and then only after consulting with the Purchaser. The restrictions in this Section 4.14(c) shall not apply if the subject
disclosure is reasonably viewed as required by any Regulation, in which case the disclosing party shall be permitted to make such disclosure
the extent required. None of the Company Parties and their Affiliates shall represent that any Company Party or any of its Affiliates,
any product or service of the Company Parties or their Affiliates, or any know how or policy or practice of the Company Parties or their
Affiliates has been approved or endorsed by any Purchaser Party.

4.15Reserved.

4.16Shares of Common Stock.

(a)DWAC. The Company shall ensure that its shares of Common Stock are and remain eligible for the Deposit and Withdrawal
at Custodian (DWAC) service of the Deposit Trust Corporation and not subject to any restriction or limitation imposed by or on
behalf of the Deposit Trust Corporation on any of its services or any other restriction or limitation on the use of the services provided
by the Deposit Trust Corporation (DTC).

ARTICLE V MISCELLANEOUS

5.1Termination and Survival. This Agreement may be terminated by the Purchaser, as to the Purchasers obligations hereunder
by written notice to the Company if the Closing has not occurred within ten (10) Business Days after the date of this Agreement. Termination
of this Agreement will not affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties) prior to such termination.
The representations and warranties, covenants and other provisions hereof shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Securities.
Notwithstanding any termination of any Transaction Document, the reimbursement and indemnities to which the Purchaser Parties are entitled
under the provisions of any Transaction Document shall continue in full force and effect and shall protect the Purchaser Parties against
events arising after such termination as well as before.

5.2Reserved.

5.3Modifications and Signatures. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement
shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition
or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise
of any such right. Any modification effected in accordance with accordance with this Section 5.3 shall be binding upon the Purchaser
and holder of Securities and the Company.

(a)Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the other Transaction Documents contain and constitute the entire agreement of the
parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior negotiations, agreements, and understandings, whether written
or oral, of the parties hereto, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents.

(b)Amendments. No amendment, modification or termination of any provision of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document
shall be effective without the written consent of the Company and the Purchaser. No waiver or consent shall be effective against any party
unless given in writing and then any such waiver shall then be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for
which it was given.

(c)Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall bind and inure solely to the benefit of the Company Parties, the Purchaser
Parties, and their respective successors and, if permitted, assigns; provided, that the Company Parties may not assign this Agreement
or any other Transaction Document or any rights or obligations hereunder or thereunder without the Purchasers prior written consent
and any prohibited assignment shall be absolutely void. Unless otherwise expressly provided in any Transaction Document, the Purchaser
may sell, assign, transfer, negotiate or grant participations in all or any part of, or any interest in, or any right or remedy under,
the Securities and the Transaction Documents without the consent of the Company Parties; provided, that any transferee of the Securities
shall agree in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred Securities, by the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply
to the Purchaser (and any attempt to effect such transfer without securing such agreement shall be null and void).

(d)No Waiver by Course of Dealing. No notice to or demand on any Company Party, whether or not in any Proceeding, pursuant
to any Transaction Document shall entitle any Company Party to any other or further notice (except as specifically required hereunder
or under any other Transaction Document) or demand in similar or other circumstances. The failure by any Purchaser Party at any time or
times to require strict performance by any Company Party of any provision of this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents
or the granting of any waiver or indulgence shall not waive, affect or otherwise diminish any right of any Purchaser Party thereafter
to demand strict compliance and performance with such provision, shall not affect or be a waiver under any other provision of any Transaction
Document except as specifically mentioned and shall not constitute a course of dealing by such Purchaser Party at variance with the terms
of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document (and therefore, among other things, shall not require further notice by such Purchaser
Party of its intent to require strict adherence to the terms of such Transaction Document in the future). Any such actions shall not in
any way affect the ability of each Purchaser Party, in its discretion, to exercise any rights available to it under this Agreement, the
other Transaction Documents or under applicable Regulations.

(e)Execution in Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts and by different parties on separate counterparts,
each of which, when executed and delivered, shall be deemed to be an original, and both of which, when taken together, shall constitute
but one and the same Agreement. In proving this Agreement in any judicial proceedings, it shall not be necessary to produce or account
for more than one such counterpart signed by the party against whom such enforcement is sought.

(f)Electronic Signatures. Each party agrees that the electronic signatures, whether digital or encrypted, of the parties
included in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document are intended to authenticate this writing and to have the same force and
effect as manual signatures. Electronic signature means any electronic sound, symbol, or process attached to or logically associated with
a record and executed and adopted by a party with the intent to sign such record, including facsimile or email electronic signatures.
The Purchaser expressly agrees that this Agreement and all other Transaction Documents are transferable records as defined
in applicable Regulations relating to electronic transaction and that it may be created, authenticated, stored, transmitted and transferred
in a manner consistent with and permitted by such applicable Regulations.

5.4Notices.

(a)All notices, requests, demands, and other communications to either party hereto or given under any Transaction Document shall be
in writing (including electronic mail transmission or similar writing) and shall be given to such party at the physical address or send
to the electronic mailing address set forth in the signature pages hereof or at such other physical address or electronic mailing address
as such party may hereafter specify for the purpose of notice to the Purchaser and the Company in accordance with the provisions of this
Section 5.4.

(b)Each such notice, request or other communication shall be effective (i) if given by mail, three (3) Trading Days after such communication
is deposited in the U.S. Mail with first class postage pre- paid, addressed to the noticed party at the address specified herein, (ii)
if by nationally recognized overnight courier, when delivered with receipt acknowledged in writing by the noticed party, (iii) if given
by personal delivery, when duly delivered with receipt acknowledged in writing by the noticed party or (iv) if given by electronic mail,
when delivered (receipt by the sender of a receipt using the return receipt function or receipt of a reply email being presumptive
evidence of receipt thereof); provided, that if such electronic mail is not sent prior to the last trading hour of the principal
Trading Market of the Securities on a Trading Day, such electronic mail shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of trading on
the next Trading Day for such principal Trading Market. Any written notice, request or demand that is not sent in conformity with the
provisions hereof shall nevertheless be effective on the date that such notice, request or demand is actually received by the individual
to whose attention at the noticed party such notice, request or demand is required to be sent.

5.5Set-Off. In addition to any rights now or hereafter granted under applicable Regulations and not by way of limitation of
any such rights, each Purchaser Party upon prior notice to each other Purchaser Party is hereby authorized by the Company Parties at any
time or from time to time, without notice or demand to any Company Party or to any other Person, any such notice or demand being hereby
expressly waived, to set off and to appropriate and to apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or
final, including indebtedness evidenced by certificates of deposit, whether matured or unmatured, but not including trust accounts) and
any other indebtedness or other amounts at any time held or owing by such Company Party to or for the credit or the account of any Company
Party or any of their Related Parties against and on account of any amounts due by any Company Party or any of their Related Parties to
any Purchaser Party under any Transaction Documents (including from the Purchase Price to be disbursed hereunder), irrespective of whether
or not (a) such Purchaser Party shall have made any demand hereunder. If, as a result of such set off, appropriate or application, such
Purchaser Party receives more than it is owed under any Transaction Document, it shall hold such amounts in trust for the other Purchaser
Parties and transfer such amounts to the other Purchaser Parties ratably according to the amounts they are owed on the date of receipt.

5.6Governing Law.

(a)Except as otherwise expressly provided in any other Transaction Document, this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents and all
claims, Proceedings and matters arising hereunder or thereunder or related hereto or thereto are governed by, and construed and enforced
in accordance with, the laws of the State of Nevada, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that
all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any
other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners,
members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the state of Nevada.

(b)Any Proceeding with respect to any Transaction Document may be brought exclusively in the Nevada State courts,
for the federal courts of the United States of America in Nevada. Each Company Party (i) accepts for itself and in respect of its
property, generally and unconditionally, the non-exclusive jurisdiction of such courts, (ii) irrevocably waives any objection, including
any objection to the laying of venue, based on the grounds of forum non conveniens or that such jurisdiction is improper or otherwise
that such party is not subject to the jurisdiction of such courts, that it may now or hereafter have to the bringing of any Proceeding
in those jurisdictions, (iii) irrevocably consents to the service of process of any court referred to above in any Proceeding by the mailing
of copies of the process to the parties hereto as provided in Section 5.4 and agrees that a final judgment in any such Proceeding
shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Service
effected as provided in this manner will become effective ten (10) calendar days after the mailing of the process. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, nothing contained in any Transaction Document shall affect the right of any Purchaser Party to serve process in any other manner
permitted by applicable Regulations or commence Proceedings or otherwise proceed against any Company Party in any other jurisdiction.

5.7Severability. Any provision of any Transaction Document being held illegal, invalid or
unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall not affect any part of such provision not held illegal, invalid or unenforceable, any other
provision of any Transaction Document or any part of such provision in any other jurisdiction, so long as the economic or legal substance
of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner adverse to any party. In addition, upon any determination that any
such term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties hereto will negotiate in good faith to modify
the relevant Transaction Document so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in an acceptable manner to
the end that the transactions contemplated hereby are fulfilled to the extent possible.

5.8Rescission and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar
provisions of) any of the other Transaction Documents, whenever the Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction
Document and the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then the Purchaser may rescind
or withdraw, in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election in whole
or in part without prejudice to its future actions and rights; provided, that in the case of a rescission of a conversion of Series
C Preferred Stock, the Purchaser shall be required to return any shares of Common Stock subject to any such rescinded conversion notice.

5.9Replacement of Securities. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed,
the Company shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation),
or in lieu of and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to
the Company of such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also
pay any reasonable third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities.

5.10Remedies.

(a)In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, the Purchaser
and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages may
not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents and hereby
agree to waive and not to assert in any action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law would
be adequate.

(b)The remedies provided in this Agreement and all other Transaction Documents shall be cumulative and in addition to all other remedies
available under any Transaction Document, whether at law or in equity (including a decree of specific performance and/or other injunctive
relief).

(c)A material breach of this Agreement will cause irreparable harm to the Purchaser and that the remedy at law for any such breach
may be inadequate. Therefore, in the event of any such material breach, the Purchaser shall be entitled, in addition to all other available
remedies, to an injunction restraining any such breach or any such threatened breach, without the necessity of showing economic loss and
without any bond or other security being required.

5.11Marshaling; Payment Set Aside. To the extent that any Company Party makes a payment or payments to the Purchaser pursuant
to any Transaction Document or any Purchaser Party enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds
of such enforcement or exercise or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside,
recovered from, disgorged by or are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to any Company Party, a trustee, receiver or
any other Person under any law (including any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to
the extent of any such restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied, and all Liens, rights and remedies
therefor, shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had
not occurred.

5.12Usury. To the extent it may lawfully do so, each Company Party hereby agrees not to insist upon or plead or in any manner
whatsoever claim, and will resist any and all efforts to be compelled to take the benefit or advantage of, usury laws wherever enacted,
now or at any time hereafter in force, in connection with any claim, action or proceeding that may be brought by the Purchaser in order
to enforce any right or remedy under any Transaction Document. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in any Transaction
Document, it is expressly agreed and provided that the total liability of each Company Party under the Transaction Documents for payments
in the nature of interest shall not exceed the maximum lawful rate authorized under applicable law (the Maximum Rate)
and, without limiting the foregoing, in no event shall any rate of interest or default interest, or both of them, when aggregated with
any other sums in the nature of interest that any Company Party may be obligated to pay under the Transaction Documents exceed such Maximum
Rate. It is agreed that if the maximum contract rate of interest allowed by law and applicable to the Transaction Documents is increased
or decreased by statute or any official governmental action subsequent to the date hereof, the new maximum contract rate of interest allowed
by law will be the Maximum Rate applicable to the Transaction Documents from the effective date thereof forward, unless such application
is precluded by applicable law. If under any circumstances whatsoever, interest in excess of the Maximum Rate is paid by any Company Party
to any Purchaser Party with respect to indebtedness evidenced by the Transaction Documents, such excess shall be applied by such Purchaser
Party to the unpaid principal balance of any such indebtedness or be refunded to the Company, the manner of handling such excess to be
at the Purchasers election.

5.13[Reserved.]

5.14Liquidated Damages. The Companys obligations to pay any partial liquidated damages or other amounts owing under the
Transaction Documents is a continuing obligation of the Company and shall not terminate until all unpaid partial liquidated damages and
other amounts have been paid notwithstanding the fact that the instrument or security pursuant to which such partial liquidated damages
or other amounts are due and payable shall have been canceled.

5.15Further Assurances. The Company Parties agree to take such further actions as the Purchaser shall reasonably request from
time to time in connection herewith to evidence, give effect to or carry out this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and any
of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby.

5.16Interpretation. The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity
to revise the Transaction Documents and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved
against the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of any Transaction Document. In addition, each and every reference
to share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits,
stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement. Except
as otherwise expressly provided in any Transaction Document, if the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration
of any right required or granted under any Transaction Document shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right
may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day. As used in any Transaction Document, references to the singular will include the
plural and vice versa and references to the masculine gender will include the feminine and neuter genders and vice versa, as appropriate.
When used in any Transaction Document, unless otherwise expressly provided in such Transaction Document, (a) the words hereof,
herein and hereunder and words of similar import refer to such Transaction Document as a whole
and not to any particular provision of such Transaction Document, (b) recital, article, section, subsection, schedule and exhibit references
are references with respect to such Transaction Document unless otherwise specified, (c) any reference to any agreement shall include
a reference to all recitals, appendices, exhibits and schedules to such agreement and, unless the prior written consent of any party is
required hereunder and is not obtained, shall be a reference to such agreement as waived, amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise
modified and (d) any reference to a specific Regulation shall be to such Regulation, as modified from time to time, together with any
successor or replacement Regulation, in each case as in effect at the time of determination. Unless the context otherwise requires, when
used in any Transaction Document, the following terms have the following meaning: (u) execution, signed,
signature and words of like import shall be deemed to include electronic signatures and the keeping of records in
electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use
of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable Regulation, including the
Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act and any other
similar state Regulation based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, (v) incur means incur, create, make, issue,
assume or otherwise become or remain directly or indirectly liable in respect of or responsible for, in each case whether directly or
indirectly, as primary obligor or guarantor or endorser, and the terms incurrence and incurred
and similar derivatives shall have correlative meanings, (w) knowledge of the any Company Party means the actual
best knowledge of any officer, director or employee of such Company Party after due inquiry, (x) including means
including, without limitation, (y) asset and property have the same meaning and
mean, collectively, all rights and interests in tangible and intangible assets and properties, whether real, personal or mixed
and including cash, capital stock, revenues, accounts, leasehold interests, contract rights and other rights under Permits and Contractual
Obligations and (z) documents and documentation have the same meaning and mean collectively,
all documents, drafts, instruments, agreements, indentures, certificates, forms, opinions, powers of attorney, notices, summons, reports,
financial statements and other writings, however evidenced, whether in physical or electronic form. The headings in this Agreement
are included for convenience of reference only and will not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. All references
in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to statutes and regulations shall include all amendments of same and implementing
regulations and any successor statutes and regulations; to any instrument or agreement (including any of the Transaction Documents) shall
include any and all modifications and supplements thereto and any and all restatements, extensions or renewals thereof to the extent such
modifications, supplements, restatements, extensions or renewals of any such documents are permitted by the terms hereof and thereof.
A breach of this Agreement shall be deemed to exist at all times during the period commencing on the date that such breach occurs to the
date on which such breach is waived in writing or, with respect to any Default, is cured within any period of cure expressly provided
in the Transaction Documents. Whenever in any provision of any Transaction Document, the Purchaser is authorized to take or decline to
take any action (including making any determination) in the exercise of its discretion, such provision shall be understood
to mean that the Purchaser may take or refrain to take such action in its sole discretion. References to times of the day in any Transaction
Document shall refer to Eastern Time. In the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word
from means from and including, the words to and until each
mean to but excluding and the word through means to and including. Time is of the essence
of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. No provision of this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents shall
be construed against or interpreted to the disadvantage of any party hereto by any Governmental Authority by reason of such party having
or being deemed to have structured, drafted or dictated such provision. month (but not calendar month)
means each period from a date of determination to the day (including the Closing Date itself) in the next calendar month numerically-corresponding
to such date (provided, that, if such calendar month does not have any such numerically-corresponding day, such numerically- corresponding
day shall be deemed to be the last day of such calendar month). References to section numbers in this Agreement shall be construed consistently
regardless of whether such references utilize Roman numerals or Arabic numbers.

5.17Waiver of Jury Trial and Certain Other Rights.

(a)The parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waive, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Regulations, any
right that they may have to trial by jury of any claim or cause of action or in any Proceeding, directly or indirectly based upon or arising
out of this Agreement or any Transaction Document (whether based on contract, tort or any other theory). Each party (a) certifies that
no representative, agent, or attorney of any other party has represented, expressly or otherwise, that such other parties would not, in
the event of litigation, seek to enforce the foregoing waiver and (b) acknowledges that it and the other parties have been induced to
enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents by, among other things, the mutual waivers and certifications in this section.

(b)Each Company Party acknowledges and agrees that the foregoing waivers are a material inducement to the Purchaser to enter into
and accept this Agreement. Each Company Party has reviewed the foregoing waivers with its legal counsel and has knowingly and voluntarily
waived its jury trial rights following consultation with such legal counsel. In the event of litigation, this Agreement may be filed as
a written consent to a trial by the court. This Section 5.17 shall not restrict a party from exercising remedies under the UCC
or from exercising pre-judgment remedies under applicable Regulations.

[Signature Pages Follow]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused
this Securities Purchase Agreement for Series C Preferred
Stock and Warrants to be duly executed by their respective
authorized signatories as of the date first indicated
above.

AMAZE HOLDINGS, INC.

By: ____________________________

Name: Michael Pruitt

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Address for Notice:

P.O. Box 78984

Charlotte, NC 28271

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement
for Series C Preferred Stock and Warrants to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated
above.

Name of Purchaser: __________________ PURCHASER

Signature of Authorized Signatory of
Purchaser: By: _________________________________

Name: _______________________________

Title: ________________________________

Address for Notices to Purchaser:

_____________________________

_____________________________

_____________________________

_____________________________

Email: _______________________

SCHEDULE 1

PURCHASER

Closing:

Name of Purchaser Cash Purchase Price Vendor Payables Series C Preferred Shares Warrants

SCHEDULE 2

CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION FOR

SERIES C PREFERRED STOCK

SCHEDULE 3

FORM OF WARRANT
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>amze03031form8kexh10_2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES
REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED
(I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B)
AN OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE HOLDER (IF REQUESTED BY THE COMPANY), IN A FORM REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY, THAT REGISTRATION IS
NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD OR ELIGIBLE TO BE SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING
THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED
BY THE SECURITIES. THE NUMBER OF SHARES OF COMMON STOCK ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS WARRANT MAY BE LESS THAN THE AMOUNTS SET FORTH
ON THE FACE HEREOF PURSUANT TO SECTION 1(a) OF THIS WARRANT.

AMAZE HOLDINGS, INC.

WARRANT TO PURCHASE SHARES OF COMMON STOCK

Warrant No.: 2025C-xxx

Warrant Shares:

Date of Issuance: , 2025 (Issuance
Date)

Amaze Holdings, Inc. (formerly
Fresh Vine Wine, Inc.), a company organized under the laws of the State of Nevada (the Company), hereby certifies
that, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, [PURCHASER NAME], the registered
holder hereof or its permitted assigns (the Holder), is entitled, subject to the terms set forth below, to purchase
from the Company, at the Exercise Price (as defined below) then in effect, upon exercise of this warrant to purchase shares of Common
Stock (including any warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock issued in exchange, transfer or replacement hereof, the Warrant),
at any time or times on or after the Issuance Date, but not after 11:59 p.m., New York time, on the Expiration Date (as defined below),
(subject to adjustment as provided herein) fully paid and non- assessable shares of Common Stock (as defined below) (the Warrant
Shares). Except as otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms in this Warrant shall have the meanings set forth in Section
18. This Warrant is being issued pursuant to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of [DATE], 2025 (the Subscription
Date), by and among the Company, the Holder and the other Purchaser signatories thereto (collectively, the Purchaser),
as amended from time to time (the Purchase Agreement).

1.Exercise of Warrant.

(a)Mechanics of Exercise. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof (including, without limitation, the limitations
set forth in Section 1(e)) and subject to Section 4.10(a) of the Purchase Agreement, this Warrant may be exercised by the Holder
on any day on or after the Issuance Date (an Exercise Date), in whole or in part, by delivery (whether via facsimile
or otherwise) of a written notice, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Exercise Notice), of the
Holders election to exercise this Warrant. In connection therewith, the Holder shall
deliver payment to the Company of an amount equal to the Exercise Price in effect on the date of such exercise multiplied by the number
of Warrant Shares as to which this Warrant was so exercised (the Aggregate Exercise Price) in cash or via wire transfer
of immediately available funds. The Holder shall not be required to deliver the original of this Warrant in order to affect an exercise
hereunder. Execution and delivery of an Exercise Notice with respect to less than all of the Warrant Shares shall have the same effect
as cancellation of the original of this Warrant and issuance of a new Warrant evidencing the right to purchase the remaining number of
Warrant Shares. Execution and delivery of an Exercise Notice for all of the then-remaining Warrant Shares shall have the same effect as
cancellation of the original of this Warrant after delivery of the Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms hereof. On or before the
first (1st) Trading Day following the date on which the Company has received an
Exercise Notice, the Company shall transmit by facsimile or electronic mail an acknowledgment of confirmation of receipt of such Exercise
Notice, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B, to the Holder and the Companys transfer agent (the Transfer
Agent), which confirmation shall constitute an instruction to the Transfer Agent to process such Exercise Notice in accordance
with the terms herein. On or before the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date on which the Company has received such
Exercise Notice (or such earlier date as required pursuant to the 1934 Act or other applicable law, rule or regulation for the settlement
of a trade of such Warrant Shares initiated on the applicable Exercise Date) (the Share Delivery Date), the Company
shall (X) provided that the Transfer Agent is participating in the Depository Trust Company (DTC) Fast Automated
Securities Transfer Program, upon the request of the Holder, credit such aggregate number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder
is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the Holders or its designees balance account with DTC through its Deposit/Withdrawal
at Custodian system, or (Y) if the Transfer Agent is not participating in the DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program, upon the
request of the Holder, issue and deliver (via reputable overnight courier) to the address as specified in the Exercise Notice, a certificate,
registered in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder shall be entitled pursuant
to such exercise. Upon delivery of an Exercise Notice, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder
of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date such Warrant Shares are
credited to the Holders DTC account or the date of delivery of the certificates evidencing such Warrant Shares (as the case may
be). If this Warrant is submitted in connection with any exercise pursuant to this Section 1(a) and the number of Warrant Shares
represented by this Warrant submitted for exercise is greater than the number of Warrant Shares being acquired upon an exercise and upon
surrender of this Warrant to the Company by the Holder, then, at the request of the Holder, the Company shall as soon as practicable and
in no event later than three (3) Business Days after any exercise and at its own expense, issue and deliver to the Holder (or its designee)
a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 7(d)) representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares purchasable immediately
prior to such exercise under this Warrant, less the number of Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant is exercised. No fractional
shares of Common Stock are to be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant, but rather the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued
shall be rounded up to the nearest whole number. The Company shall pay any and all stamp, issuance and similar taxes, costs and expenses
(including, without limitation, fees and expenses of the Transfer Agent) that may be payable with respect to the issuance and delivery
of Warrant Shares upon exercise of this Warrant. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Companys failure to deliver Warrant Shares
to the Holder on or prior to the earlier of ((i) two (2) Trading Days after receipt of the applicable Exercise Notice (or such earlier
date as required pursuant to the 1934 Act or other applicable law, rule or regulation for the settlement of a trade of such Warrant Shares
initiated on the applicable Exercise Date) and (ii) two (2) Trading Days after the Companys receipt of the Aggregate Exercise Price
shall not be deemed to be a breach of this Warrant. From the Issuance Date through and including the Expiration Date, the Company shall
maintain a transfer agent that participates in the DTCs Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program. If the Company fails for any
reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to an Exercise Notice by the Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to
the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on
the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Exercise Notice), $10 per Trading Day for each of the first five (5) Trading
Days of such failure (increasing to $20 per Trading Day for each Trading Day after the first five (5) Trading Days of such failure) until
such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue actual
damages for the Companys failure to deliver Warrant Shares within the period specified herein and the Holder shall have the right
to pursue all remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief.
The exercise of any such rights shall not prohibit the Holder from seeking to enforce damages pursuant to any other Section hereof or
under applicable Regulations (as defined in the Purchase Agreement).

(b)Exercise Price. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, for purposes of this Warrant, the Exercise
Price shall be equal to $0.75, subject to adjustment herein (the Exercise Price); and in no instance shall
the Holder be entitled to exercise this Warrant into such an amount of Common Stock that, together with all shares of Common Stock which
have been previously exercised by the Holder, would equal greater than 9.99 % of the total issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock
of the Company, subject to adjustment as provided herein, including, but not limited to, adjustments for any stock split, stock combination,
reclassification or similar transaction that proportionately decreases or increases the Common Stock during such measuring period. The
Exercise Price shall be rounded down to the nearest $0.0001.

(c)Cashless Exercise. None.

(d)Disputes. In the case of a dispute as to the determination of the Exercise Price or the arithmetic calculation of
the number of Warrant Shares to be issued pursuant to the terms hereof, the Company shall promptly issue to the Holder the number of Warrant
Shares that are not disputed and resolve such dispute in accordance with Section 13.

(e)Limitations on Exercises.

(i)Beneficial Ownership. The Company shall not effect the exercise of any portion of this Warrant, and the Holder shall
not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Warrant and any such exercise
shall be null and void and treated as if never made, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, the Holder together with
the other Attribution Parties collectively would beneficially own in excess of 9.99% (the Maximum Percentage) of
the shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the aggregate
number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and the other Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares
of Common Stock held by the Holder and all other Attribution Parties plus the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise
of this Warrant with respect to which the determination of such sentence is being made, but shall exclude shares of Common Stock which
would be issuable upon (A) exercise of the remaining, unexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of the
other Attribution Parties and (B) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other securities of the Company
(including, without limitation, any convertible notes or convertible preferred stock or warrants) beneficially owned by the Holder or
any other Attribution Party subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained in this Section
1(g)(i). For purposes of this Section 1(g)(i), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of
the 1934 Act. For purposes of determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock the Holder may acquire upon the exercise of
this Warrant without exceeding the Maximum Percentage, the Holder may, if and as applicable, rely on the number of outstanding shares
of Common Stock as reflected in (x) the Companys most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, Current
Report on Form 8-K or other public filing with the SEC or information provided by the Company, as the case may be, (y) a more recent public
announcement by the Company or (z) any other written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent, if any, setting forth the number of
shares of Common Stock outstanding (the Reported Outstanding Share Number). If the Company receives an Exercise Notice
from the Holder at a time when the actual number of outstanding of shares of Common Stock is less than the Reported Outstanding Share
Number, the Company shall (i) notify the Holder in writing of the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding and, to the extent
that such Exercise Notice would otherwise cause the Holders beneficial ownership, as determined pursuant to this Section 1(g)(i),
to exceed the Maximum Percentage, the Holder must notify the Company of a reduced number of Warrant Shares to be acquired pursuant to
such Exercise Notice (the number of shares by which such purchase is reduced, the Reduction Shares) and (ii) as soon
as reasonably practicable, the Company shall return to the Holder any exercise price paid by the Holder for the Reduction Shares. For
any reason at any time, upon the written or oral request of the Holder, the Company shall within one (1) Business Day confirm orally and
in writing or by electronic mail to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this
Warrant, by the Holder and any other Attribution Party since the date as of which the Reported Outstanding Share Number was reported.
In the event that the issuance of shares of Common Stock to the Holder upon exercise of this Warrant results in the Holder and the other
Attribution Parties being deemed to beneficially own, in the aggregate, more than the Maximum Percentage of the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock (as determined under Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act), the number of shares so issued by which the Holders
and the other Attribution Parties aggregate beneficial ownership exceeds the Maximum Percentage (the Excess Shares)
shall be deemed null and void and shall be cancelled ab initio, and the Holder shall not have the power to vote or to transfer the Excess
Shares. As soon as reasonably practicable after the issuance of the Excess Shares has been deemed null and void, the Company shall return
to the Holder the exercise price paid by the Holder for the Excess Shares. Upon delivery of a written notice to the Company, the Holder
may from time to time decrease or subsequently increase (with such increase not effective until the sixty-first (61st) day
after delivery of such notice) the Maximum Percentage to any other percentage not in excess of 9.99% as specified in such notice; provided
that (i) any such increase in the Maximum Percentage will not be effective until the sixty-first (61st) day after such notice
is delivered to the Company and (ii) any such increase or decrease will apply only to the Holder and the other Attribution Parties. For
purposes of clarity, the shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to the terms of this Warrant in excess of the Maximum Percentage shall
not be deemed to be beneficially owned by the Holder for any purpose including for purposes of Section 13(d) or Rule 16a-1(a)(1) of the
1934 Act. No prior inability to exercise this Warrant pursuant to this paragraph shall have any effect on the applicability of the provisions
of this paragraph with respect to any subsequent determination of exercisability. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed
and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 1(g)(i) to the extent necessary
to correct this paragraph or any portion of this paragraph which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended beneficial ownership
limitation contained in this Section 1(g)(i) or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to
such limitation. The limitation contained in this paragraph may not be waived and shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

(ii)No Redemption. This Warrant is not redeemable, and the Company shall have no right to redeem all or any portion of
this Warrant or the Warrant Shares.

(iii)Exchange Cap. The Company shall not issue any shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of this Warrant if the issuance
of such shares of Common Stock would exceed the Exchange Cap as defined in the Certificate of Designation.

(f)[Reserved].

(g)Required Reserve Amount. Subject to Section 4.10(a) of the Purchase Agreement, on or after the date on which the
Company obtains the Requisite Stockholder Approval (as defined in the Purchase Agreement), so long as this Warrant remains outstanding,
the Company shall keep reserved for issuance under this Warrant a number of shares of Common Stock at least equal to one hundred percent
(100%) of the maximum number of shares of Common Stock as shall be necessary to satisfy the Companys obligation to issue shares
of Common Stock under the Warrant then outstanding (without regard to any limitations on exercise) (the Required Reserve Amount);
provided that at no time shall the number of shares of Common Stock reserved pursuant to this Section 1(g) be reduced other than
proportionally in connection with any exercise of the Warrant or such other event covered by Section 2(a) below. The Required Reserve
Amount (including, without limitation, each increase in the number of shares so reserved) shall be based on the number of shares of Common
Stock issuable upon exercise or conversion of all Securities issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, including this Warrant, and held
by the Purchaser on the Closing Date (without regard to any limitations on exercise or conversion) or increase in the number of reserved
shares, as the case may be. In the event that a holder shall sell or otherwise transfer all or any portion of such holders Warrant,
such Required Reserve Amount requirement shall continue to apply to the number of shares of Common Stock into which such Warrant held
by each transferee is exercisable.

(h)Insufficient Authorized Shares. If, notwithstanding Section 1(g), and not in limitation thereof, at any time
while the Warrant remains outstanding, the Company does not have a sufficient number of authorized and unreserved shares of Common Stock
to satisfy its obligation to reserve the Required Reserve Amount (an Authorized Share Failure), then the Company
shall immediately take all action necessary to increase the Companys authorized shares of Common Stock to an amount sufficient
to allow the Company to reserve the Required Reserve Amount for such outstanding Warrant. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing
sentence, as soon as practicable after the date of the occurrence of an Authorized Share Failure, but in no event later than one hundred
twenty (120) days after the occurrence of such Authorized Share Failure, the Company shall hold a meeting of its stockholders for the
approval of an increase in the number of authorized shares of Common Stock. In connection with such meeting, the Company shall provide
each stockholder with a proxy statement in accordance with applicable Federal and state securities laws and shall use its best efforts
to solicit its stockholders approval of such increase in authorized shares of Common Stock and to cause its board of directors
to recommend to the stockholders that they approve such proposal. Subject to Section 4.10(a) of the Purchase Agreement, in the event that
the Company is prohibited from issuing shares of Common Stock upon an exercise of this Warrant due to the failure by the Company to have
sufficient shares of Common Stock available out of the authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock (such unavailable number of shares
of Common Stock, the Authorization Failure Shares), in lieu of delivering such Authorization Failure Shares to the
Holder, the Company shall pay cash in exchange for the cancellation of such portion of this Warrant exercisable into such Authorization
Failure Shares at a price equal to the sum of (i) the product of (x) such number of Authorization Failure Shares and (y) the greatest
Closing Sale Price of the shares of Common Stock on any Trading Day during the period commencing on the date the Holder delivers the applicable
Exercise Notice with respect to such Authorization Failure Shares to the Company and ending on the date of such issuance and payment under
this Section 1(h); and (ii) to the extent the Holder purchases (in an open market transaction or otherwise) shares of Common Stock
to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of Authorization Failure Shares, , brokerage commissions and other out-of- pocket expenses,
if any, of the Holder incurred in connection therewith. Nothing contained in this Section 1(h) shall limit any obligations of the
Company under any provision of the Purchase Agreement. Nothing contained in this Section 1(h) shall limit any obligations of the
Company under any provision of the Purchase Agreement.

2.Adjustment of Exercise Price and Number of Warrant Shares. The Exercise Price and number of Warrant Shares issuable
upon exercise of this Warrant are subject to adjustment from time to time as set forth in this Section 2.

(a)Stock Dividends and Splits. Without limiting any provision of Section 2(b), Section 3 or Section
4, if the Company, at any time on or after the Subscription Date, (i) pays a stock dividend on one or more classes of its then outstanding
shares of Common Stock or otherwise makes a distribution on any class of its Capital Stock (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) that
is payable in shares of Common Stock, (ii) subdivides (by any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization or otherwise) one or more
classes of its then outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares or (iii) combines (by combination, reverse stock
split or otherwise) one or more classes of its then outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, then in each such
case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after
such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to clause (i) of this paragraph shall become effective immediately after the record date for
the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution, and any adjustment pursuant to clause (ii) or (iii)
of this paragraph shall become effective immediately after the effective date of such subdivision or combination. If any event requiring
an adjustment under this paragraph occurs during the period that an Exercise Price is calculated hereunder, then the calculation of such
Exercise Price shall be adjusted appropriately to reflect such event.

(b)Adjustment to Exercise Price for Diluting Issues.

i.Special Definitions. For purposes of this Section 2(b) the following definitions shall apply:

(A) Additional
Shares of Common Stock means all shares of Common Stock issued (or, pursuant to Section 2(b)(iii) below, deemed to be issued)
by the Corporation after the Original Issue Date (as defined below), other than the following shares of Common Stock and shares of Common
Stock deemed issued pursuant to the following Options and Convertible Securities (collectively, Exempted Securities):

(1) as
to any class or series preferred stock of the Company, shares of Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities issued as a dividend
or distribution on such preferred stock;

(2) shares
of Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities issued by reason of a dividend, stock split, split-up or other distribution on shares
of Common Stock that is covered by Sections 2(a), 3 and 4);

(3) shares
of Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities issued to banks, equipment lessors or other financial institutions, or to real property
lessors, pursuant to a debt financing, equipment leasing or real property leasing transaction approved by the Companys board of
directors;

(4) shares
of Common Stock or Options issued to employees or directors of, or consultants or advisors to, the Company or any of its subsidiaries
pursuant to a plan, agreement or arrangement approved (i) prior to the Original Issue Date or (ii) by the Companys board of directors;

(5) shares
of Common Stock or Convertible Securities actually issued upon the exercise of Options or shares of Common Stock actually issued upon
the conversion or exchange of Convertible Securities, in each case provided such issuance is pursuant to the terms of such Option or Convertible
Security;

(6) shares
of Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities issued to suppliers or third party service providers in connection with the provision
of goods or services pursuant to transactions approved by the Companys board of directors;

(7) shares
of Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities issued as acquisition consideration pursuant to the acquisition of another corporation
by the Company by merger, purchase of substantially all of the assets or other reorganization or business combination or to a joint venture
agreement, provided that such issuances are approved by the Companys board of directors; or

(8) shares
of Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities issued in connection with sponsored research, collaboration, technology license, development,
OEM, marketing or other similar agreements or strategic partnerships approved by the Companys board of directors.

(B) Convertible
Securities means any evidences of indebtedness, shares or other securities directly or indirectly convertible into or exchangeable
for Common Stock, but excluding Options.

(C) Option
means any rights, options or warrants to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire Common Stock or Convertible Securities.

(D) Original
Issue Date means the date on which the first Warrant is issued

ii. No
Adjustment of Exercise Price. No adjustment in the Exercise Price shall be made as the result of the issuance or deemed issuance of
Additional Shares of Common Stock if the Company receives written notice from the holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then
outstanding, agreeing that no such adjustment shall be made as the result of the issuance or deemed issuance of such Additional Shares
of Common Stock.

iii. Deemed
Issue of Additional Shares of Common Stock.

(A) If
the Company at any time or from time to time after the Original Issue Date shall issue any Options or Convertible Securities (excluding
Options or Convertible Securities which are themselves Exempted Securities) or shall fix a record date for the determination of holders
of any class of securities entitled to receive any such Options or Convertible Securities, then the maximum number of shares of Common
Stock (as set forth in the instrument relating thereto, assuming the satisfaction of any conditions to exercisability, convertibility
or exchangeability but without regard to any provision contained therein for a subsequent adjustment of such number) issuable upon the
exercise of such Options or, in the case of Convertible Securities and Options therefor, the conversion or exchange of such Convertible
Securities, shall be deemed to be Additional Shares of Common Stock issued as of the time of such issue or, in case such a record date
shall have been fixed, as of the close of business on such record date.

(B) If
the terms of any Option or Convertible Security, the issuance of which resulted in an adjustment to the Exercise Price pursuant to the
terms of Section 2(b)(iv), are revised as a result of an amendment to such terms or any other adjustment pursuant to the provisions of
such Option or Convertible Security (but excluding automatic adjustments to such terms pursuant to anti-dilution or similar provisions
of such Option or Convertible Security) to provide for either (1) any increase or decrease in the number of shares of Common Stock issuable
upon the exercise, conversion and/or exchange of any such Option or Convertible Security or (2) any increase or decrease in the consideration
payable to the Corporation upon such exercise, conversion and/or exchange, then, effective upon such increase or decrease becoming effective,
the Exercise Price computed upon the original issue of such Option or Convertible Security (or upon the occurrence of a record date with
respect thereto) shall be readjusted to such Exercise Price as would have obtained had such revised terms been in effect upon the original
date of issuance of such Option or Convertible Security. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no readjustment pursuant to this Section 2(b)(iii)
shall have the effect of increasing the Exercise Price to an amount which exceeds the lower of (i) the Exercise Price in effect immediately
prior to the original adjustment made as a result of the issuance of such Option or Convertible Security, or (ii) the Exercise Price that
would have resulted from any issuances of Additional Shares of Common Stock (other than deemed issuances of Additional Shares of Common
Stock as a result of the issuance of such Option or Convertible Security) between the original adjustment date and such readjustment date.

(C) If
the terms of any Option or Convertible Security (excluding Options or Convertible Securities which are themselves Exempted Securities),
the issuance of which did not result in an adjustment to the Exercise Price pursuant to the terms of Section 2(b)(iv) (either because
the consideration per share (determined pursuant to Section 2(b)(v)) of the Additional Shares of Common Stock subject thereto was equal
to or greater than the applicable Exericse Price then in effect, or because such Option or Convertible Security was issued before the
Original Issue Date), are revised after the Original Issue Date as a result of an amendment to such terms or any other adjustment pursuant
to the provisions of such Option or Convertible Security (but excluding automatic adjustments to such terms pursuant to anti-dilution
or similar provisions of such Option or Convertible Security) to provide for either (1) any increase in the number of shares of Common
Stock issuable upon the exercise, conversion or exchange of any such Option or Convertible Security or (2) any decrease in the consideration
payable to the Corporation upon such exercise, conversion or exchange, then such Option or Convertible Security, as so amended or adjusted,
and the Additional Shares of Common Stock subject thereto determined in the manner provided in Section 2(b)(iii)(A) shall be deemed to
have been issued effective upon such increase or decrease becoming effective.

(D) Upon
the expiration or termination of any unexercised Option or unconverted or unexchanged Convertible Security (or portion thereof) which
resulted (either upon its original issuance or upon a revision of its terms) in an adjustment to the Exercise Price pursuant to the terms
of Section 2(b)(iv), the Exercise Price shall be readjusted to such Exercise Price as would have obtained had such Option or Convertible
Security (or portion thereof) never been issued.

(E) If
the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise, conversion and/or exchange of any Option or Convertible Security, or
the consideration payable to the Company upon such exercise, conversion and/or exchange, is calculable at the time such Option or Convertible
Security is issued or amended but is potentially subject to adjustment based upon subsequent events, any adjustment to the Exercise Price
provided for in this Section 2(b)(iii) shall be effected at the time of such issuance or amendment based on such number of shares or amount
of consideration without regard to any provisions for subsequent adjustments (and any subsequent adjustments shall be treated as provided
in clauses (B) and (C) of this Section 2(b)(iii)). If the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise, conversion and/or
exchange of any Option or Convertible Security, or the consideration payable to the Company upon such exercise, conversion and/or exchange,
cannot be calculated at all at the time such Option or Convertible Security is issued or amended, any adjustment to the Exercise Price
that would result under the terms of this Section 2(b)(iii) at the time of such issuance or amendment shall instead be effected at the
time such number of shares and/or amount of consideration is first calculable (even if subject to subsequent adjustments), assuming for
purposes of calculating such adjustment to the Exercise Price that such issuance or amendment took place at the time such calculation
can first be made. In the event an Option or Convertible Security contains alternative exercise terms, such as a cap on the valuation
of the Company at which such exercise will be effected, or circumstances where the Option or Convertible Security may be repaid in lieu
of conversion, then the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise, conversion and/or exchange of such Option or Convertible
Security shall be deemed not calculable until such time as the applicable exercise terms are determined.

iv. Adjustment
of Exercise Price Upon Issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock. In the event the Company shall at any time after the Original
Issue Date issue Additional Shares of Common Stock (including Additional Shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued pursuant to Section
2(b)(iii)), without consideration or for a consideration per share less than the Exercise Price of the Warrant in effect immediately prior
to such issuance or deemed issuance, then the Exercise Price shall be reduced, concurrently with such issue, to a price (calculated to
the nearest one-hundredth of a cent) determined in accordance with the following formula:

CP2 = CP1* (A + B) /
(A + C).

For purposes of the foregoing
formula, the following definitions shall apply:

CP2 shall
mean the Exercise Price in effect immediately after such issuance or deemed issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock.

CP1 shall
mean the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such issuance or deemed issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock;

A shall
mean the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issuance or deemed issuance of Additional Shares of Common
Stock (treating for this purpose as outstanding all shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of Options outstanding immediately prior
to such issuance or deemed issuance or upon conversion or exchange of Convertible Securities (including convertible preferred stock) outstanding
(assuming exercise of any outstanding Options therefor) immediately prior to such issue);

B shall
mean the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued if such Additional Shares of Common Stock had been issued or deemed
issued at a price per share equal to CP1 (determined by dividing the aggregate consideration received by the Company in respect of such
issue by CP1); and

C shall
mean the number of such Additional Shares of Common Stock issued in such transaction.

v. Determination of Consideration. For purposes of this Section 2(b), the consideration received by
the Company for the issuance or deemed issuance of any Additional Shares of Common Stock shall be computed as follows:

(A) Cash
and Property. Such consideration shall:

(1) insofar
as it consists of cash, be computed at the aggregate amount of cash received by the Company, excluding amounts paid or payable for accrued
interest;

(2) insofar
as it consists of property other than cash, be computed at the fair market value thereof at the time of such issue, as determined in good
faith by the Board of Directors; and

(3) in
the event Additional Shares of Common Stock are issued together with other shares or securities or other assets of the Company for consideration
which covers both, be the proportion of such consideration so received, computed as provided in clauses (i) and (ii) above, as determined
in good faith by the Board of Directors.

(B) Options
and Convertible Securities. The consideration per share received by the Company for Additional Shares of Common Stock deemed to have
been issued pursuant to Section 2(b)(iii), relating to Options and Convertible Securities, shall be determined by dividing:

(1) The
total amount, if any, received or receivable by the Company as consideration for the issue of such Options or Convertible Securities,
plus the minimum aggregate amount of additional consideration (as set forth in the instruments relating thereto, without regard to any
provision contained therein for a subsequent adjustment of such consideration) payable to the Company upon the exercise of such Options
or the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities, or in the case of Options for Convertible Securities, the exercise of such
Options for Convertible Securities and the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities, by

(2) the
maximum number of shares of Common Stock (as set forth in the instruments relating thereto, without regard to any provision contained
therein for a subsequent adjustment of such number) issuable upon the exercise of such Options or the conversion or exchange of such Convertible
Securities, or in the case of Options for Convertible Securities, the exercise of such Options for Convertible Securities and the conversion
or exchange of such Convertible Securities.

vi. Multiple
Closing Dates. In the event the Company shall issue on more than one date Additional Shares of Common Stock that are a part of one
transaction or a series of related transactions and that would result in an adjustment to the Exercise Price of the Warrant pursuant to
the terms of Section 2(b)(iv), and such issuance dates occur within a period of no more than 180 days from the first such issuance to
the final such issuance, then, upon the final such issuance, the Exercise Price shall be readjusted to give effect to all such issuances
as if they occurred on the date of the first such issuance (and without giving effect to any additional adjustments as a result of any
such subsequent issuances within such period).

(c)[Reserved.]

(d)[Reserved.]

(e)[Reserved.]

(f)[Reserved.]

(g)Calculations. All calculations under this Section 2 shall be made by rounding to the nearest cent or the nearest
1/100th of a share, as applicable. The number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at any given time shall not include shares
owned or held by or for the account of the Company, and the disposition of any such shares shall be considered an issuance or sale of
shares of Common Stock.

(h)Voluntary Adjustment by Company. The Company may at any time during the term of this Warrant, with the prior written
consent of the Purchaser, reduce the then current Exercise Price to any amount and for any period of time deemed appropriate by the board
of directors of the Company.

3.Rights Upon Distribution of Assets. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 2 above, if the Company
shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common
Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property,
options, evidence of indebtedness or any other assets by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme
of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then,
in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated
therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard
to any limitations or restrictions on exercise of this Warrant, including without limitation, the Maximum Percentage) immediately before
the date on which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of
shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however, that to the extent that the
Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder and the other Attribution Parties exceeding the
Maximum Percentage, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the extent of the Maximum Percentage
(and shall not be entitled to beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution (and beneficial ownership)
to the extent of any such excess) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such
time or times, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder and the other Attribution Parties exceeding the Maximum Percentage,
at which time or times the Holder shall be granted such Distribution (and any Distributions declared or made on such initial Distribution
or on any subsequent Distribution held similarly in abeyance) to the same extent as if there had been no such limitation).

4. Purchase Rights; Fundamental Transactions.

(a)Purchase Rights. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 2 above, if at any time while the Warrant
is outstanding the Company grants, issues or sells any Options, Convertible Securities or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities
or other property pro rata to the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then
the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder
could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without
regard to any limitations or restrictions on exercise of this Warrant, including without limitation, the Maximum Percentage) immediately
before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the
date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights
(provided, however, that to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in
the Holder and the other Attribution Parties exceeding the Maximum Percentage, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in
such Purchase Right to the extent of the Maximum Percentage (and shall not be entitled to beneficial ownership of such shares of Common
Stock as a result of such Purchase Right (and beneficial ownership) to the extent of any such excess) and such Purchase Right to such
extent shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time or times, if ever, as its right thereto would not result
in the Holder and the other Attribution Parties exceeding the Maximum Percentage, at which time or times the Holder shall be granted such
right (and any Purchase Right granted, issued or sold on such initial Purchase Right or on any subsequent Purchase Right held similarly
in abeyance) to the same extent as if there had been no such limitation).

(b) Fundamental
Transactions. The Company shall not enter into or be party to a Fundamental Transaction other than for all cash unless (i) the Successor
Entity assumes in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents (as defined in
the Purchase Agreement) in accordance with the provisions of this Section 4(b) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance
satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder prior to such Fundamental Transaction, including agreements to deliver to the Holder
in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance
to this Warrant, including, without limitation, which is exercisable for a corresponding number of Capital Stock equivalent to the shares
of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant)
prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the Exercise Price hereunder to such shares of Capital
Stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value
of such shares of Capital Stock, such adjustments to the number of Capital Stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting
the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction) and (ii) the Successor Entity
(including its Parent Entity) is a publicly traded corporation whose common stock is quoted on or listed for trading on a Trading Market.
Upon the consummation of a Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after
the date of the applicable Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant (and if applicable, the other Transaction Documents)
referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company
and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents, as applicable, with the
same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein. Upon consummation of a Fundamental Transaction, the Successor
Entity shall deliver to the Holder confirmation that there shall be issued upon exercise of this Warrant at any time after the consummation
of such Fundamental Transaction, in lieu of the shares of Common Stock (or other securities, cash, assets or other property (except such
items still issuable under Sections 3 and 4(a) above, which shall continue to be receivable thereafter)) issuable upon the
exercise of this Warrant prior to such Fundamental Transaction, such shares of publicly traded common stock (or its equivalent) of the
Successor Entity (including its Parent Entity) which the Holder would have been entitled to receive upon the happening of such Fundamental
Transaction had this Warrant been exercised immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitations on the
exercise of this Warrant), as adjusted in accordance with the provisions of this Warrant. Notwithstanding the foregoing, and without limiting
Section 1(g) hereof, the Holder may elect, at its sole option, by delivery of written notice to the Company to waive this Section
4(b) to permit a Fundamental Transaction without the assumption of this Warrant. In addition to and not in substitution for any other
rights hereunder, prior to the consummation of a Fundamental Transaction pursuant to which holders of shares of Common Stock are entitled
to receive securities or other assets with respect to or in exchange for shares of Common Stock (a Corporate Event),
the Company shall make appropriate provision to insure that the Holder will thereafter have the right to receive upon an exercise of this
Warrant at any time after the consummation of a Fundamental Transaction but prior to the Expiration Date, in lieu of the shares of Common
Stock (or other securities, cash, assets or other property (except such items still issuable under Sections 3 and 4(a) above,
which shall continue to be receivable thereafter)) issuable upon the exercise of the Warrant prior to such Fundamental Transaction, such
shares of stock, securities, cash, assets or any other property whatsoever (including warrants or other purchase or subscription rights)
which the Holder would have been entitled to receive upon the happening of such Fundamental Transaction had this Warrant been exercised
immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant). Provision made
pursuant to the preceding sentence shall be in a form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder. For the avoidance of doubt,
in the event of the occurrence of a Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity, in addition to any of its other obligations set for
in this Section 5, shall agree in writing that the Holder is entitled to the anti-dilution rights set forth in this Section
5 for the balance of the time periods set forth in this Warrant.

(c) [Reserved.]

(d) Application.
The provisions of this Section 4 shall apply similarly and equally to successive Fundamental Transactions and Corporate Events
and shall be applied as if this Warrant (and any such subsequent warrants) were fully exercisable and without regard to any limitations
on the exercise of this Warrant (provided that the Holder shall continue to be entitled to the benefit of the Maximum Percentage, applied
however with respect to shares of the Companys Capital Stock registered under the 1934 Act and thereafter receivable upon exercise
of this Warrant (or any such other warrant)).

5.Noncircumvention. The Company hereby covenants and agrees that the Company will not, by amendment of its articles
of incorporation or bylaws, each as amended to date, or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme
of arrangement, dissolution, issuance or sale of securities, or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance
of any of the terms of this Warrant, and will at all times in good faith carry out all the provisions of this Warrant and take all action
as may be required to protect the rights of the Holder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company (a) shall not increase
the par value of any shares of Common Stock receivable upon the exercise of this Warrant above the Exercise Price then in effect, (b)
will not take any action which will cause the exercise price to fall below par value, and (c) shall take all such actions as may be necessary
or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock upon the exercise
of this Warrant. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if after the sixty (60) calendar day anniversary of the Issuance Date,
the Holder is not permitted to exercise this Warrant in full for any reason (other than pursuant to restrictions set forth in Section
1(g) hereof), the Company shall use its best efforts to promptly remedy such failure, including, without limitation, obtaining such
consents or approvals as necessary to permit such exercise into shares of Common Stock.

6.Warrant Holder Not Deemed a Stockholder. Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, the Holder, solely in
its capacity as a holder of this Warrant, shall not be entitled to vote or receive dividends or be deemed the holder of share capital
of the Company for any purpose, nor shall anything contained in this Warrant be construed to confer upon the Holder, solely in its capacity
as the Holder of this Warrant, any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company or any right to vote, give or withhold consent to any
corporate action (whether any reorganization, issue of stock, reclassification of stock, consolidation, merger, conveyance or otherwise),
receive notice of meetings, receive dividends or subscription rights, or otherwise, prior to the issuance to the Holder of the Warrant
Shares which it is then entitled to receive upon the due exercise of this Warrant. In addition, nothing contained in this Warrant shall
be construed as imposing any liabilities on the Holder to purchase any securities (upon exercise of this Warrant or otherwise) or as a
stockholder of the Company, whether such liabilities are asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company. Notwithstanding this
Section 6, the Company shall provide the Holder with copies of the same notices and other information given to the stockholders
of the Company generally, contemporaneously with the giving thereof to the stockholders.

7. Reissuance of Warrants.

(a)Transfer of Warrant. If this Warrant is to be transferred, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company,
whereupon the Company will forthwith issue and deliver upon the order of the Holder a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 7(d)),
registered as the Holder may request, representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares being transferred by the Holder
and, if less than the total number of Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant is being transferred, a new Warrant (in accordance with
Section 7(d)) to the Holder representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares not being transferred.

(b)Lost, Stolen or Mutilated Warrant. Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company
of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant (as to which a written certification and the indemnification contemplated
below shall suffice as such evidence), and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of any indemnification undertaking by the Holder
to the Company in customary and reasonable form and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of this Warrant, the Company
shall execute and deliver to the Holder a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 7(d)) representing the right to purchase the
Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant.

(c)Exchangeable for Multiple Warrants. This Warrant is exchangeable, upon the surrender hereof by the Holder at the
principal office of the Company, for a new Warrant or Warrants (in accordance with Section 7(d)) representing in the aggregate
the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant, and each such new Warrant will represent the right to
purchase such portion of such Warrant Shares as is designated by the Holder at the time of such surrender; provided, however, no warrants
for fractional shares of Common Stock shall be given.

(d)Issuance of New Warrants. Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Warrant pursuant to the terms of this Warrant,
such new Warrant (i) shall be of like tenor with this Warrant, (ii) shall represent, as indicated on the face of such new Warrant, the
right to purchase the Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant (or in the case of a new Warrant being issued pursuant to Section
7(a) or Section 7(c), the Warrant Shares designated by the Holder which, when added to the number of shares of Common Stock
underlying the other new Warrants issued in connection with such issuance, does not exceed the number of Warrant Shares then underlying
this Warrant), (iii) shall have an issuance date, as indicated on the face of such new Warrant which is the same as the Issuance Date,
and (iv) shall have the same rights and conditions as this Warrant and (v) such new Warrant shall not be redeemable.

8.Notices. Whenever notice is required to be given under this Warrant, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice
shall be given in accordance with Section 5.4 of the Purchase Agreement. The Company shall provide the Holder with prompt written notice
of all actions taken pursuant to this Warrant (other than the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise in accordance with the
terms hereof), including in reasonable detail a description of such action and the reason therefor. Without limiting the generality of
the foregoing, the Company will give written notice to the Holder (i) immediately upon each adjustment of the Exercise Price as provided
herein and the number of Warrant Shares, setting forth in reasonable detail, and certifying, the calculation of such adjustment(s), (ii)
at least fifteen (15) days prior to the date on which the Company closes its books or takes a record (A) with respect to any dividend
or distribution upon the shares of Common Stock, (B) with respect to any grants, issuances or sales of any Options, Convertible Securities
or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property to holders of shares of Common Stock or (C) for determining rights
to vote with respect to any Fundamental Transaction, dissolution or liquidation, provided in each case that such information shall be
made known to the public prior to or in conjunction with such notice being provided to the Holder, and
(iii) at least fifteen (15) Trading Days prior to the consummation of any Fundamental Transaction. To the extent that any notice
provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, the Company,
if applicable, shall simultaneously file such notice with the SEC pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K or take such other action as
reasonably determined by the Holder to disseminate such material, non-public information to the marketplace. If the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries provides material non-public information to the Holder that is not simultaneously filed in a Current Report on Form 8-K
and the Holder has not agreed to receive such material non-public information, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that the Holder
shall not have any duty of confidentiality to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, employees,
affiliates or agents with respect to, or a duty to any of the foregoing not to trade on the basis of, such material non-public information.
It is expressly understood and agreed that the time of execution specified by the Holder in each Exercise Notice shall be definitive and
may not be disputed or challenged by the Company.

9.Amendment and Waiver. Except as otherwise provided herein, the provisions of this Warrant may be amended and the
Company may take any action herein prohibited or omit to perform any act herein required to be performed by it, only if the Company has
obtained the written consent of the Holder. No waiver shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by an authorized representative
of the waiving party.

10.Severability. If any provision of this Warrant is prohibited by law or otherwise determined to be invalid or unenforceable
by a court of competent jurisdiction, the provision that would otherwise be prohibited, invalid or unenforceable shall be deemed amended
to apply to the broadest extent that it would be valid and enforceable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of such provision shall
not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Warrant so long as this Warrant as so modified continues to express, without
material change, the original intentions of the Company and the Holder as to the subject matter hereof and the prohibited nature, invalidity
or unenforceability of the provision(s) in question does not substantially impair the respective expectations or reciprocal obligations
of such parties or the practical realization of the benefits that would otherwise be conferred upon such parties. The Company and the
Holder will each endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the prohibited, invalid or unenforceable provision(s) with a valid provision(s),
the effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the prohibited, invalid or unenforceable provision(s).

11.Governing Law. This Warrant shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions
concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and performance of this Warrant shall be governed by, the internal laws of the State
of Nevada, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Nevada or any other
jurisdictions) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of Nevada. The Company hereby irrevocably
waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof
to the Company at the address set forth in the Purchase Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service
of process and notice thereof. The Company hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting
in Clark County, Nevada, for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith
or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit,
action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding
is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Nothing contained herein shall be
deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed or operate
to preclude the Holder from bringing suit or taking other legal action against the Company in any other jurisdiction to collect on the
Companys obligations to the Holder, to realize on any collateral or any other security for such obligations, or to enforce a judgment
or other court ruling in favor of the Holder. THE COMPANY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST,
A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS WARRANT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED
HEREBY.

12.Construction; Headings. This Warrant shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and the Holder and shall
not be construed against any Person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Warrant are for convenience of reference and shall not
form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this Warrant. Terms used in this Warrant but defined in the other Transaction Documents
shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms on the Closing Date in such other Transaction Documents unless otherwise consented to in
writing by the Holder.

13.Dispute Resolution.

(a)Submission to Dispute Resolution.

(i)In the case of a dispute relating to the Exercise Price, the Closing Sale Price, or fair market value or the arithmetic
calculation of the number of Warrant Shares (as the case may be) (including, without limitation, a dispute relating to the determination
of any of the foregoing), the Company or the Holder (as the case may be) shall submit the dispute to the other party via facsimile or
electronic mail (A) if by the Company, within two (2) Business Days after the occurrence of the circumstances giving rise to such dispute
or (B) if by the Holder, at any time after the Holder learned of the circumstances giving rise to such dispute. If the Holder and the
Company are unable to promptly resolve such dispute relating to such Exercise Price, such Closing Sale Price, or such fair market value
or such arithmetic calculation of the number of Warrant Shares (as the case may be), at any time after the second (2nd) Business
Day following such initial notice by the Company or the Holder (as the case may be) of such dispute to the Company or the Holder (as the
case may be), then the Holder may, at its sole option, select an independent, reputable investment bank, reasonably acceptable to the
Company, to resolve such dispute.

(ii)The Holder and the Company shall each deliver to such investment bank (A) a copy of the initial dispute submission so delivered
in accordance with the first sentence of this Section 13 and (B) written documentation supporting its position with respect to
such dispute, in each case, no later than 5:00 p.m. (New York time) by the fifth (5th) Business Day immediately following the
date on which the Holder selected such investment bank (the Dispute Submission Deadline) (the documents referred
to in the immediately preceding clauses (A) and (B) are collectively referred to herein as the Required Dispute Documentation)
(it being understood and agreed that if either the Holder or the Company fails to so deliver all of the Required Dispute Documentation
by the Dispute Submission Deadline, then the party who fails to so submit all of the Required Dispute Documentation shall no longer be
entitled to (and hereby waives its right to) deliver or submit any written documentation or other support to such investment bank with
respect to such dispute and such investment bank shall resolve such dispute based solely on the Required Dispute Documentation that was
delivered to such investment bank prior to the Dispute Submission Deadline). Unless otherwise agreed to in writing by both the Company
and the Holder or otherwise requested by such investment bank, neither the Company nor the Holder shall be entitled to deliver or submit
any written documentation or other support to such investment bank in connection with such dispute (other than the Required Dispute Documentation).

(iii)The Company and the Holder shall cause such investment bank to determine the resolution of such dispute and notify the Company
and the Holder of such resolution no later than ten (10) Business Days immediately following the Dispute Submission Deadline. The fees
and expenses of such investment bank shall be borne solely by the Company, and such investment banks resolution of such dispute
shall be final and binding upon all parties absent manifest error.

14.Remedies, Characterization, Other Obligations, Breaches and Injunctive Relief. The remedies provided in this Warrant
shall be cumulative and in addition to all other remedies available under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents, at law or
in equity (including a decree of specific performance and/or other injunctive relief), and nothing herein shall limit the right of the
Holder to pursue actual and consequential damages for any failure by the Company to comply with the terms of this Warrant. The Company
covenants to the Holder that there shall be no characterization concerning this instrument other than as expressly provided herein. Amounts
set forth or provided for herein with respect to payments, exercises and the like (and the computation thereof) shall be the amounts to
be received by the Holder and shall not, except as expressly provided herein, be subject to any other obligation of the Company (or the
performance thereof). The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder
and that the remedy at law for any such breach may be inadequate. The Company therefore agrees that, in the event of any such breach or
threatened breach, the holder of this Warrant shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to specific performance
and/or temporary, preliminary and permanent injunctive or other equitable relief from any court of competent jurisdiction in any such
case without the necessity of proving actual damages and without posting a bond or other security. The Company shall provide all information
and documentation to the Holder that is requested by the Holder to enable the Holder to confirm the Companys compliance with the
terms and conditions of this Warrant (including, without limitation, compliance with Section 2 hereof). The issuance of shares
and certificates for shares as contemplated hereby upon the exercise of this Warrant shall be made without charge to the Holder or such
shares for any issuance tax or other costs in respect thereof, provided that the Company shall not be required to pay any tax which may
be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issuance and delivery of any certificate in a name other than the Holder or its
agent on its behalf.

15.Payment of Collection, Enforcement and Other Costs. If (a) this Warrant is placed in the hands of an attorney for
collection or enforcement or is collected or enforced through any legal proceeding or the holder otherwise takes action to collect amounts
due under this Warrant or to enforce the provisions of this Warrant or (b) there occurs any bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership of
the company or other proceedings affecting company creditors rights and involving a claim under this Warrant, then the Company
shall pay the costs incurred by the Holder for such collection, enforcement or action or in connection with such bankruptcy, reorganization,
receivership or other proceeding, including, without limitation, attorneys fees and disbursements.

16.Transfer. This Warrant may be offered for sale, sold, transferred or assigned without the consent of the Company
subject to compliance with applicable state and federal securities laws.

17.Registration Rights. The Holder of this Warrant has certain registration rights
set forth in the Purchase Agreement to register the resale of the Warrant Shares under the
1933 Act at the time and in the manner specified in the Purchase Agreement.

18.Certain Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant or in the Purchase Agreement, for
purposes of this Warrant, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

(a)1933 Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder.

(b)1934 Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder.

(c)Adjustment Right means any right granted with respect to any securities issued in connection with,
or with respect to, any issuance or sale (or deemed issuance or sale in accordance with Section 2) of shares of Common Stock (other than
rights of the type described in Section 3 and 4 hereof) that could result in a decrease in the net consideration received by the Company
in connection with, or with respect to, such securities (including, without limitation, any cash settlement rights, cash adjustment or
other similar rights).

(d)Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that directly or indirectly controls,
is controlled by, or is under common control with, such Person, it being understood for purposes of this definition that control
of a Person means the power directly or indirectly either to vote 10% or more of the stock having ordinary voting power for the election
of directors of such Person or direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person whether by contract or otherwise.

(e)Approved Stock Plan means any employee benefit plan which has been approved by the board of directors
of the Company prior to or subsequent to the date hereof pursuant to which shares of Common Stock and standard options to purchase shares
of Common Stock may be issued to any employee, officer or director for services provided to the Company in their capacity as such; provided,
that such issuance shall not exceed in the aggregate fifteen percent 15% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock without the prior approval
of the Holder. Provided, however, once the Company becomes a reporting company under the Exchange Act, any such Stock Plan to be deemed
an Approved Stock Plan must be approved by a majority of the disinterested, nonemployee members of the board of directors.

(f)Attribution Parties means, collectively, the following Persons and entities: (i) any investment vehicle,
including, any funds, feeder funds or managed accounts, currently, or from time to time after the Issuance Date, directly or indirectly
managed or advised by the Holders investment manager or any of its Affiliates or principals, (ii) any direct or indirect Affiliates
of the Holder or any of the foregoing, (iii) any Person acting or who could be deemed to be acting as a Group together with the Holder
or any of the foregoing and (iv) any other Persons whose beneficial ownership of the Companys shares of Common Stock would or could
be aggregated with the Holders and the other Attribution Parties for purposes of Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act. For clarity, the
purpose of the foregoing is to subject collectively the Holder and all other Attribution Parties to the Maximum Percentage

(g)[Reserved.]

(h)[Reserved.]

(i)Bloomberg means Bloomberg, L.P.

(j)Business Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which a federal legal holiday in
the United States or any day is on which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is not open for business.

(k)Closing Sale Price means, for any security as of any date, the last closing trade price for such security
on the Principal Market, as reported by Bloomberg, or, if the Principal Market begins to operate on an extended hours basis and does not
designate the closing trade price, then the last trade price of such security prior to 4:00:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Bloomberg,
or, if the Principal Market is not the principal securities exchange that is a Trading Market for such security, the last trade price
of such security on the principal securities exchange that is a Trading Market where such security is listed or traded as reported by
Bloomberg, or if the foregoing does not apply, the last trade price of such security in the over-the-counter market on the electronic
bulletin board for such security as reported by Bloomberg, or, if no last trade price is reported for such security by Bloomberg, the
average of the ask prices of any market makers for such security as reported in the pink sheets by OTC Markets Group
Inc.. If the Closing Sale Price cannot be calculated for a security on a particular date on any of the foregoing bases, the Closing Sale
Price of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Holder. If the Company
and the Holder are unable to agree upon the fair market value of such security, then such dispute shall be resolved in accordance with
the procedures in Section 13. All such determinations shall be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination
or other similar transaction during such period.

(l)Common Stock means (i) the Companys shares of common stock, $0.001 par value per share, and
(ii) any Capital Stock into which such shares of common stock shall have been changed or any share capital resulting from a reclassification
of such shares of common stock.

(m)Convertible Securities means any stock or other security (other than Options) that is at any time and
under any circumstances, directly or indirectly, convertible into, exercisable or exchangeable for, or which otherwise entitles the holder
thereof to acquire, any shares of Common Stock.

(n)Certificate of Designation means the Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations
of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company.

(o)[Reserved.]

(p)[Reserved.]

(q)[Reserved.]

(r)Expiration Date means the date that is the fifth (5th) anniversary of the Issuance Date or, if such
date falls on a day other than a Trading Day or on which trading does not take place on the Principal Market (a Holiday),
the next date that is not a Holiday.

(s)Fundamental Transaction means (A) that the Company shall, directly or indirectly, including through
subsidiaries, Affiliates or otherwise, in one or more related transactions, (i) consolidate or merge with or into (whether or not the
Company is the surviving corporation) another Subject Entity, or (ii) sell, assign, transfer, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially
all of the properties or assets of the Company or any of its significant subsidiaries (as defined in Rule 1-02 of
Regulation S-X) to one or more Subject Entities, or (iii) make, or allow one or more Subject Entities to make, or allow the Company to
be subject to or have its shares of Common Stock be subject to or party to one or more Subject Entities making, a purchase, tender or
exchange offer that is accepted by the holders of at least either (x) 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, (y) 50% of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock calculated as if any shares of Common Stock held by all Subject Entities making or party to, or Affiliated with
any Subject Entities making or party to, such purchase, tender or exchange offer were not outstanding; or (z) such number of shares of
Common Stock such that all Subject Entities making or party to, or Affiliated with any Subject Entity making or party to, such purchase,
tender or exchange offer, become collectively the beneficial owners (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the 1934 Act) of at least 50% of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock, or (iv) consummate a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without
limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with one or more Subject Entities whereby all such
Subject Entities, individually or in the aggregate, acquire, either (x) at least 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, (y) at
least 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock calculated as if any shares of Common Stock held by all the Subject Entities making
or party to, or Affiliated with any Subject Entity making or party to, such stock purchase agreement or other business combination were
not outstanding; or (z) such number of shares of Common Stock such that the Subject Entities become collectively the beneficial owners
(as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the 1934 Act) of at least 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, or (v) reorganize, recapitalize
or reclassify its shares of Common Stock, (B) that the Company shall, directly or indirectly, including through subsidiaries, Affiliates
or otherwise, in one or more related transactions, allow any Subject Entity individually or the Subject Entities in the aggregate to be
or become the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the 1934 Act), directly or indirectly, whether through
, purchase, assignment, conveyance, tender, tender offer, exchange, reduction in outstanding shares of Common Stock, merger, consolidation,
business combination, reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, scheme of arrangement, reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification
or otherwise in any manner whatsoever, of either (x) at least 50% of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by issued and outstanding
shares of Common Stock, (y) at least 50% of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by issued and outstanding shares of Common
Stock not held by all such Subject Entities as of the date of this Warrant calculated as if any shares of Common Stock held by all such
Subject Entities were not outstanding, or (z) a percentage of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by issued and outstanding
shares of Common Stock or other equity securities of the Company sufficient to allow such Subject Entities to effect a statutory short
form merger or other transaction requiring other shareholders of the Company to surrender their shares of Common Stock without approval
of the shareholders of the Company or (C) directly or indirectly, including through subsidiaries, Affiliates or otherwise, in one or more
related transactions, the issuance of or the entering into any other instrument or transaction structured in a manner to circumvent, or
that circumvents, the intent of this definition in which case this definition shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise
than in strict conformity with the terms of this definition to the extent necessary to correct this definition or any portion of this
definition which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended treatment of such instrument or transaction.

(t)Group means a group as that term is used in Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act and
as defined in Rule 13d-5 thereunder.

(u)Options means any rights, warrants or options to subscribe for or purchase of shares of Common Stock
or Convertible Securities.

(v)Parent Entity of a Person means an entity that, directly or indirectly, controls the applicable Person
and whose common stock or equivalent equity security is quoted or listed on a Trading Market, or, if there is more than one such Person
or Parent Entity, the Person or Parent Entity with the largest public market capitalization as of the date of consummation of the Fundamental
Transaction.

(w)Person means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation,
a trust, an unincorporated organization, any other entity or a government or any department or agency thereof.

(x)Principal Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed
or quoted for trading on the date in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global
Select Market or the New York Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing)..

(y)[Reserved.]

(z) SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or the successor thereto.

(aa)Subject Entity means any Person, Persons or Group or any Affiliate or associate of any such Person,
Persons or Group.

(bb)Successor Entity means the Person (or, if so elected by the Holder, the Parent Entity) formed by, resulting
from or surviving any Fundamental Transaction or the Person (or, if so elected by the Holder, the Parent Entity) with which such Fundamental
Transaction shall have been entered into.

(cc)Trading Day means, as applicable, (x) with respect to all price or trading volume determinations relating
to the shares of Common Stock, any day on which the shares of Common Stock is traded on the Principal Market, or, if the Principal Market
is not the principal Trading Market for the shares of Common Stock, then on the principal securities exchange or securities market that
is a Trading Market on which the shares of Common Stock is then traded, provided that Trading Day shall not include
any day on which the shares of Common Stock is scheduled to trade on such exchange or market for less than 4.5 hours or any day that the
shares of Common Stock is suspended from trading during the final hour of trading on such exchange or market (or if such exchange or market
does not designate in advance the closing time of trading on such exchange or market, then during the hour ending at 4:00:00 p.m., New
York time) unless such day is otherwise designated as a Trading Day in writing by the Holder or (y) with respect to all determinations
other than price or trading volume determinations relating to the shares of Common Stock, any day on which The New York Stock Exchange
(or any successor thereto) is open for trading of securities.

(dd)VWAP means, for any security as of any date, the dollar volume-weighted average price for such security
on the Principal Market (or, if the Principal Market is not the principal Trading Market for such security, then on the principal securities
exchange or securities market that is a Trading Market on which such security is then traded), during the period beginning at 9:30 a.m.,
New York time, and ending at 4:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Bloomberg through its VAP function (set to
09:30 start time and 16:00 end time) or, if the foregoing does not apply, the dollar volume-weighted average price of such security in
the over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin board for such security during the period beginning at 9:30 a.m., New York time,
and ending at 4:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Bloomberg, or, if no dollar volume-weighted average price is reported for such
security by Bloomberg for such hours, the average of the highest closing bid price and the lowest closing ask price of any of the market
makers for such security as reported in the pink sheets by OTC Markets Group Inc. (formerly Pink Sheets LLC). If
the VWAP cannot be calculated for such security on such date on any of the foregoing bases, the VWAP of such security on such date shall
be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Holder. If the Company and the Holder are unable to agree upon
the fair market value of such security, then such dispute shall be resolved in accordance with the procedures in Section 13. All such
determinations shall be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, recapitalization or other similar
transaction during such period.

[signature page follows]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has
caused this Warrant to purchase shares of Common Stock to be duly executed as of the Issuance Date set out above.

AMAZE HOLDINGS, INC.

By:____________________________________

Name: Michael Pruitt

Title: Chief Executive Officer

EXHIBIT A

EXERCISE NOTICE

TO BE EXECUTED BY THE REGISTERED HOLDER
TO EXERCISE THIS WARRANT TO PURCHASE SHARES OF COMMON STOCK

AMAZE HOLDINGS, INC.

The undersigned holder
hereby elects to exercise the Warrant to purchase shares of Common Stock (the Warrant) of Amaze Holdings, Inc. (formerly
Fresh Vine Wine, Inc.), a company organized under the laws of the State of Nevada (the Company), as specified below.
Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Warrant.

1.Form of Exercise Price. The Holder intends that payment of the Aggregate Exercise Price shall be made as:

a Cash Exercise
with respect to Warrant Shares.

2.Payment of Exercise Price. The Holder shall pay the Aggregate Exercise Price in the sum of $______________to the Company
in accordance with the terms of the Warrant.

3.Delivery of Warrant Shares. The Company shall deliver to Holder, or its designee or agent as specified below, shares
of Common Stock in accordance with the terms of the Warrant. Delivery shall be made to Holder, or for its benefit, as follows:

Check here if
requesting delivery as a certificate to the following name and to the following address:

Issue to: _______________________________________________________________________

_______________________________________________________________________ 

Check here if requesting delivery
by Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian as follows:

DTC Participant:_________________________________________________

DTC Number:___________________________________________________

Account Number:________________________________________________

4.Maximum Percentage Representation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, this Exercise Notice shall
constitute a representation by the Holder of the Warrant submitting this Exercise Notice that after giving effect to the exercise provided
for in this Exercise Notice, such Holder (together with its Affiliates) will not have beneficial ownership (together with the beneficial
ownership of such Persons Affiliates) of a number of shares of Common Stock which exceeds the Maximum Percentage of the total outstanding
shares of Common Stock of the Company as determined pursuant to the provisions of Section 1(g)(i) of the Warrant.

Date: 

Name of Registered Holder

By:_____________________________________

Name:

Title:____________________________________

Tax ID:__________________________________

Facsimile:________________________________

E-mail Address:____________________________

EXHIBIT B

ACKNOWLEDGMENT

The Company (a) hereby
acknowledges this Exercise Notice (b) certifies that the above indicated number of shares of Common Stock [are][are not] eligible to be
resold by the Holder either (i) pursuant to Rule 144 under the 1933 Act (subject to the Holders execution and delivery to the Company
of a customary Rule 144 representation letter) or (ii) an effective and available registration statement and (c) hereby directs Securities
Transfer Corporation to issue the above indicated number of shares of Common Stock in accordance with the Transfer Agent Instructions
dated October 4, 2024 from the Company and acknowledged and agreed to by Computershare .

Amaze Holdings, Inc.

By:___________________________________

Name: Michael Pruitt

Title: Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>vine-20250325.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>vine-20250325_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block] 

Entity Information, Former Legal or Registered Name
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>vine-20250325_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 25, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 25, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 001-41147

Entity Registrant Name AMAZE
HOLDINGS, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001880343

Entity Tax Identification Number 87-3905007

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 2901
West Coast Highway

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 200

Entity Address, City or Town Newport
Beach

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 92663

City Area Code (855)

Local Phone Number 766-9463

Written Communications true

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common stock, par value
$0.001 per share

Trading Symbol AMZE

Security Exchange Name NYSEAMER

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Entity Information, Former Legal or Registered Name Fresh
Vine Wine, Inc.

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Former Legal or Registered Name of an entity+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityInformationFormerLegalOrRegisteredName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
26 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://VINE/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

amze03031form8k.htm 
vine-20250325.xsd 
vine-20250325_lab.xml 
vine-20250325_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001554795-25-000090-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>amze03031form8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001880343 

2025-03-25 
2025-03-25 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001880343 
--12-31 
true 
true 
8-K 
2025-03-25 
AMAZE HOLDINGS, INC. 
NV 
001-41147 
87-3905007 
2901 West Coast Highway 
Suite 200 
Newport Beach 
CA 
92663 
(855) 
766-9463 
Fresh Vine Wine, Inc. 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, par value $0.001 per share 
AMZE 
NYSEAMER 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>