<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-005103.txt : 20250206
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-005103.hdr.sgml : 20250206
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250206090602
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-005103
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		20
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250204
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250206
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250206

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Azitra, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001701478
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				464478536
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41705
		FILM NUMBER:		25595653

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		21 BUSINESS PARK DRIVE, SUITE 6
		CITY:			BRANFORD
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06405
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(203) 489-0183

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		21 BUSINESS PARK DRIVE, SUITE 6
		CITY:			BRANFORD
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06405

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Azitra Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170320
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000170147800017014782025-02-042025-02-04iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 4, 2025

AZITRA,
INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-41705 46-4478536

(State
or other jurisdiction

of
incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(IRS
Employer

Identification
No.)

21
Business Park Drive, Branford, Connecticut 06405

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (203)646-6446

Not
Applicable

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
symbol Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, $0.0001 par value AZTR NYSE
American

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
Growth Company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry
into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On
February 4, 2025, Azitra, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), entered into a placement agency agreement (the Placement
Agency Agreement) with Maxim Group LLC (the Placement Agent) in connection with the offer and sale to investors
(the Investors)of
shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock), at an offering price of $0.2785
per Share (the Offering). In connection with the Offering, the Company entered into an
amended and restatedsecurities purchase agreement
(the Purchase Agreement) with the Investors forthe
sale of 2,495,518 shares (the Shares) of the Companys Common Stock.The aggregate gross proceeds to the Company from the Offering
were approximately $695,001,before
deducting placement agent fees and other estimated offering expenses. The Offering closed on February 6,
2025.

The
Shares were offered by the Company pursuant to a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-280648), which was declared effective
by the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 8, 2024, the base prospectus included therein, and a prospectus supplement dated February
4, 2025.

The
Placement Agent acted as the Companys exclusive placement agent in the Offering. Pursuant to the terms of the Placement Agency
Agreement, the Company has agreed to pay the Placement Agent a cash fee upto
7.0% of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the Offering. The Company also agreed to reimburse the Placement Agent for certain expenses.

The
Placement Agent Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and agreements of the parties, and customary indemnification
obligations of the Company.

The
Purchase Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, and agreements by the Company and the Purchasers, customary conditions
to closing, and customary indemnification obligations of the Company. Pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement, from February
4, 2025, until 22 days after the closing, subject to certain exceptions, the Company may not issue, enter into any agreement to issue
or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of Common Stock or common stock equivalents, or file any registration statement
or any amendment or supplement thereto, and, until 45 days after the closing, the Company is prohibited from effecting or entering into
an agreement to effect any issuance of Common Stock or common stock equivalents involving a variable rate transaction (as defined in
the Purchase Agreement), subject to certain exceptions disclosed therein.

The
Placement Agency Agreement and form of Purchase Agreement,are
filed as Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated by reference herein. The descriptions
of the terms of the Placement Agency Agreement and the Purchase Agreement set forth above are qualified in their entirety by reference
to such exhibits.

A
copy of the legal opinion and consent of Thompson Hine LLP relating to the Shares is attached as Exhibit 5.1 hereto.

Item
8.01 Other
Events.

The
Company issued a press release announcing the pricing of the Offering on February 4, 2025. The full text of the press release
is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated by reference
herein.

Item
9.01 Financial
Statements and Exhibits.

Exhibit
No. Description

5.1 Opinion of Thompson Hine LLP

10.1 Placement Agency Agreement

10.2 Form
of Amended and Restated Securities
Purchase Agreement

23.1 Consent of Thompson Hine LLP (contained in Exhibit 5.1)

99.1 Press Release, dated February 4, 2025

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date:
February 6,2025 AZITRA,
INC.

/s/
Francisco D. Salva

Francisco
D. Salva

Chief
Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex5-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
5.1

February
5, 2025

Azitra,
Inc.

21
Business Park Drive

Branford,
CT 06405

Ladies
and Gentlemen:

We
have acted as counsel for Azitra, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), in connection with the preparation
and filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) of a prospectus supplement, dated February
4, 2025 (the Prospectus Supplement), to a prospectus (the Prospectus) filed as part of a registration
statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-280648) (the Registration Statement) that became effective on July 8, 2024,
pursuant to which the Company is offering for sale under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act),
up to 2,495,518 shares (the Shares) of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock).

In
connection with this opinion, we have examined copies of such agreements, instruments, and documents as we have deemed appropriate to
render the opinion hereinafter expressed. In such examination, we have assumed the genuineness of all signatures, the legal capacity
of all natural persons, the authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals, the conformity to original documents of all documents
submitted to us as certified, conformed or photostatic copies, and the authenticity of the originals of such latter documents. As to
certain questions of fact material to this opinion, we have relied upon certificates or comparable documents of officers and representatives
of the Company and have not sought to independently verify such facts.

Based
on the foregoing, and subject to the assumptions, limitations, and qualifications stated herein, we are of the opinion that the Shares,
when sold and issued, upon payment therefor, in the manner described in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, and the Prospectus
Supplement, will be validly issued, fully paid, and non-assessable,

The
opinion expressed herein is limited to the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (including reported judicial decisions interpreting
the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware) and we express no opinion as to the effect on the matters covered by this opinion
of the laws of any other jurisdiction.

We
hereby consent to the filing of this opinion as an exhibit to the Registration Statement and to the reference to our firm under the caption
Legal Matters in the Prospectus Supplement. In giving such consents, we do not thereby admit that we are in the category
of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act.

Very truly yours, 

/s/ Thompson Hine LLP 

Thompson Hine LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

PLACEMENT
AGENCY AGREEMENT

February
4, 2025

Maxim
Group LLC

300
Park Avenue, 16th Floor

New
York, NY 10022

Ladies
and Gentlemen:

Subject
to the terms and conditions herein (this Agreement), Azitra Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company),
hereby agrees to sell up to an aggregate of $929,995.05 shares (the Shares) of the Companys common stock,
$0.0001 par value per share (the Common Stock), and/or pre-funded common stock purchase warrants to purchase shares
of Common Stock (the Pre-Funded Warrants, the shares of Common Stock underlying the Pre-Funded Warrants, the Warrant
Shares, and the Shares, the Pre-Funded Warrants, and the Warrant Shares, the Securities) directly to
various investors (each, an Investor and, collectively, the Investors) through Maxim Group
LLC as placement agent (the Placement Agent). The documents executed and delivered by the Company and the Investors
in connection with the Offering (as defined below), including, without limitation, a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase
Agreement), shall be collectively referred to herein as the Transaction Documents. The purchase price
to the Investors for the Securities will be determined based on negotiation between the Company, the Placement Agent and the Investors.
The Placement Agent may retain other brokers or dealers to act as sub-agents or selected-dealers on its behalf in connection with the
Offering.

The
Company hereby confirms its agreement with the Placement Agent as follows:

Section
1. Agreement to Act as Placement Agent.

(a)
On the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements of the Company herein contained, and subject to all the terms and conditions
of this Agreement, the Placement Agent shall be the exclusive placement agent in connection with the offering and sale by the Company
of the Securities pursuant to the Companys registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-280648) (and including any registration
statement prepared and filed by the Company in accordance with Rule 462(b) pursuant to the Securities Act) (the Registration
Statement), with the terms of such offering (the Offering) to be subject to market conditions and negotiations
between the Company, the Placement Agent and the prospective Investors. The Placement Agent will act on a reasonable best efforts basis
and the Company agrees and acknowledges that there is no guarantee of the successful placement of the Securities, or any portion thereof,
in the prospective Offering. Under no circumstances will the Placement Agent or any of its Affiliates (as defined below)
be obligated to underwrite or purchase any of the Securities for its own account or otherwise provide any financing. The Placement Agent
shall act solely as the Companys agent and not as principal. The Placement Agent shall have no authority to bind the Company with
respect to any prospective offer to purchase Securities and the Company shall have the sole right to accept offers to purchase Securities
and may reject any such offer, in whole or in part. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, payment of the purchase price for, and
delivery of, the Securities shall be made at one or more closings (each a Closing and the date on which each Closing
occurs, a Closing Date). The Closing of the issuance of the Securities shall occur via Delivery Versus Payment,
i.e., on the Closing Date, the Company shall issue the Securities directly to the account designated by the Placement Agent and, upon
receipt of such Securities, the Placement Agent shall electronically deliver such Securities to the applicable Investor and payment shall
be made by the Placement Agent (or its clearing firm) by wire transfer to the Company. As compensation for services rendered, on each
Closing Date, the Company shall pay to the Placement Agent the consideration set forth below:

(i)
A cash fee equal to 7.0% of the gross proceeds received by the Company from the sale of the Securities at the closing of the Offering
(the Closing).

(ii)
Intentionally omitted.

(iii)
In addition, following Closing of the Offering (other than for Cause), if within six (6) months following such time, the Company completes
any financing of equity, equity-linked, convertible or debt or other capital raising activity with, and receives any proceeds from, any
of the investors introduced by Placement Agent in connection with the Offering (a list of which investors shall be provided to the Company
following Closing), then the Company will pay the Placement Agent upon the closing of such financing or receipt of such proceeds, with
respect to the proceeds received from such investors, the compensation set forth in Section 1(a)(i)-(ii) herein. Cause,
for the purpose of this Agreement, shall mean, as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction, the Placement Agents gross negligence,
willful misconduct, or a material breach of this Agreement, after being notified in writing of such conduct, and not curing such alleged
conduct within ten (10) business days of notification of such alleged wrongful conduct.

(b)
The term of the Placement Agents exclusive engagement will be as set forth in the Engagement Agreement (as defined below). Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, the provisions concerning confidentiality, indemnification and contribution contained herein
and the Companys obligations contained in the indemnification provisions will survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement,
and the Companys obligation to pay fees actually earned and payable and to reimburse expenses actually incurred and reimbursable
pursuant to Section 1 hereof and which are permitted to be reimbursed under FINRA Rule 5110(g)(4)(A), will survive any expiration or
termination of this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to limit the ability of the Placement Agent or its Affiliates
to pursue, investigate, analyze, invest in, or engage in investment banking, financial advisory or any other business relationship with
Persons (as defined below) other than the Company. As used herein (i) Persons means an individual or corporation, partnership,
trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency
or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind and (ii) Affiliate means any Person that, directly or indirectly through
one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a Person as such terms are used in and construed
under Rule 405 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act).

Section
2. Representations, Warranties and Covenants of the Company. The Company hereby represents, warrants and covenants to the Placement
Agent as of the date hereof, and as of each Closing Date, as follows:

(a)
Securities Law Filings. The Company has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission)
the Registration Statement under the Securities Act, which was initially filed on July 1, 2024, as amended, and was declared effective
on July 8, 2024 for the registration of the Securities under the Securities Act. Following the determination of pricing among the Company
and the prospective Investors introduced to the Company by the Placement Agent, the Company will file with the Commission pursuant to
Rules 430A and 424(b) under the Securities Act, and the rules and regulations (the Rules and Regulations) of the
Commission promulgated thereunder, a prospectus supplement relating to the placement of the Securities, their pricing and the plan of
distribution thereof and will advise the Placement Agent of all further information (financial and other) with respect to the Company
required to be set forth therein. Such registration statement, at any given time, including the exhibits thereto filed at such time,
as amended at such time, is hereinafter called the Registration Statement; such prospectus in the form in which
it appears in the Registration Statement at the time of effectiveness is hereinafter called the Base Prospectus;
and the prospectus supplement, in the form in which it will be filed with the Commission pursuant to Rules 430A and/or 424(b) is hereinafter
called the Prospectus Supplement. Any reference in this Agreement to the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus,
or the Prospectus Supplement shall be deemed to refer to and include the documents incorporated by reference therein (the Incorporated
Documents), if any, which were or are filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act), at any given time, as the case may be; and any reference in this Agreement to the terms amend, amendment
or supplement with respect to the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus, or the Prospectus Supplement shall be deemed
to refer to and include the filing of any document under the Exchange Act after the date of this Agreement, or the issue date of the
Base Prospectus, or the Prospectus Supplement, as the case may be, deemed to be incorporated therein by reference. All references in
this Agreement to financial statements and schedules and other information which is contained, included,
described, referenced, set forth or stated in the Registration Statement, the
Base Prospectus, or the Prospectus Supplement (and all other references of like import) shall be deemed to mean and include all such
financial statements and schedules and other information which is or is deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement,
the Base Prospectus, or the Prospectus Supplement, as the case may be. As used in this paragraph and elsewhere in this Agreement, Time
of Sale Disclosure Package means the Base Prospectus, any securities purchase agreement between the Company and the Investors,
the final terms of the Offering provided to the Investors (orally or in writing) and any issuer free writing prospectus as defined in
Rule 433 of the Act (each, an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus), if any, that the parties hereto shall hereafter expressly
agree in writing to treat as part of the Time of Sale Disclosure Package. The term any Prospectus shall mean, as
the context requires, the Base Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement, and any supplement to any thereof. The Company has not received
any notice that the Commission has issued or intends to issue a stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement
or the use of the Base Prospectus or any prospectus supplement or intends to commence a proceeding for any such purpose.

(b)
Assurances. The Registration Statement, as amended, (and any further documents to be filed with the Commission) contains all exhibits
and schedules as required by the Securities Act. Each of the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, at the
time it became effective, complied in all material respects with the Securities Act and the applicable Rules and Regulations and did
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make
the statements therein not misleading. The Prospectus Supplement, as of its date, complied or will comply in all material respects with
the Securities Act and the applicable Rules and Regulations. The Prospectus Supplement, as amended or supplemented, did not and will
not contain as of the date thereof any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make
the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Incorporated Documents, when they
were filed with the Commission, conformed in all material respects to the requirements of the Exchange Act and the applicable Rules and
Regulations promulgated thereunder, and none of such documents, when they were filed with the Commission, contained any untrue statement
of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein (with respect to Incorporated Documents
incorporated by reference in the Prospectus Supplement), in light of the circumstances under which they were made not misleading. No
post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement reflecting any facts or events arising after the date thereof which represent,
individually or in the aggregate, a fundamental change in the information set forth therein is required to be filed with the Commission.
Except for this Agreement and the Transaction Documents, there are no documents required to be filed with the Commission in connection
with the transaction contemplated hereby that (x) have not been filed as required pursuant to the Securities Act or (y) will not be filed
within the requisite time period. Except for this Agreement and the Transaction Documents, there are no contracts or other documents
required to be described in the Prospectus Supplement or to be filed as exhibits or schedules to the Registration Statement, which have
not been described or filed as required.

(c)
Offering Materials. Neither the Company nor any of its directors and officers has distributed and none of them will distribute,
prior to each Closing Date, any offering material in connection with the offering and sale of the Securities other than the Time of Sale
Disclosure Package.

(d)
Authorization; Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and the Time of Sale Disclosure Package and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder.
The execution and delivery of each of this Agreement by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby
and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further action is required by the Company,
the Companys Board of Directors (the Board of Directors) or the Companys shareholders in connection
therewith other than in connection with the Required Approvals (as defined in the Purchase Agreement). This Agreement has been duly executed
by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company
enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally,
(ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii)
insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

(e)
No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated pursuant
to the Time of Sale Disclosure Package, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby to which it is a party do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any
Subsidiarys certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with,
or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation
of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment,
acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument
(evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by
which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict
with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or
governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations),
or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and
(iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, as defined in the Securities Purchase
Agreement.

(f)
Certificates. Any certificate signed by an officer of the Company and delivered to the Placement Agent or to counsel for the Placement
Agent shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by the Company to the Placement Agent as to the matters set forth therein.

(g)
Reliance. The Company acknowledges that the Placement Agent will rely upon the accuracy and truthfulness of the foregoing representations
and warranties and hereby consents to such reliance.

(h)
Forward-Looking Statements. No forward-looking statements (within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section
21E of the Exchange Act) contained in the Time of Sale Disclosure Package has been made or reaffirmed without a reasonable basis or has
been disclosed other than in good faith.

(i)
Statistical or Market-Related Data. Any statistical, industry-related and market-related data included or incorporated by reference
in the Time of Sale Disclosure Package, are based on or derived from sources that the Company reasonably and in good faith believes to
be reliable and accurate, and such data agree with the sources from which they are derived.

(j)
Certain Fees; FINRA Affiliations. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement and Prospectus Supplement, no brokerage or
finders fees or commissions are or will be payable by the Company, any Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Company to any broker, financial
advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents. There are no other arrangements, agreements or understandings of the Company or, to the Companys
knowledge, any of its shareholders that may affect the Placement Agents compensation, as defined by FINRA. Other than payments
to the Placement Agent for this Offering or as set forth in the Registration Statement and Prospectus Supplement, the Company has not
made and has no agreements, arrangements or understanding to make any direct or indirect payments (in cash, securities or otherwise)
to: (i) any person, as a finders fee, consulting fee or otherwise, in consideration of such person raising capital for the Company
or introducing to the Company persons who raised or provided capital to the Company; (ii) any FINRA member participating in the offering
as defined in FINRA Rule 5110 (a Participating Member); or (iii) any person or entity that has any direct or indirect affiliation
or association with any Participating Member, within the 180-day period preceding the initial filing of the Registration Statement through
the 60-day period after the Effective Date. None of the net proceeds of the Offering will be paid by the Company to any Participating
Member or its affiliates, except as specifically authorized herein. To the Companys knowledge, no officer, director or any beneficial
owner of 10% or more of the Companys Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement)
has any direct or indirect affiliation or association with any Participating Member in the Offering. Except for securities purchased
on the open market, no Company Affiliate is an owner of stock or other securities of any Participating Member. To the Companys
knowledge, no Company Affiliate has made a subordinated loan to any Participating Member. No proceeds from the sale of the Securities
(excluding Placement Agent compensation as disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus) will be paid to any Participating
Member, any persons associated with a Participating Member or an affiliate of a Participating Member. Except as disclosed in the Prospectus,
the Company has not issued any warrants or other securities or granted any options, directly or indirectly, to the Placement Agent within
the 180-day period prior to the initial filing date of the Prospectus. To the Companys knowledge, except for securities issued
to the Placement Agent as disclosed in the Prospectus, no person to whom securities of the Company have been privately issued within
the 180-day period prior to the initial filing date of the Prospectus is a Participating Member, is a person associated with a Participating
Member or is an affiliate of a Participating Member. To the Companys knowledge, no Participating Member in the Offering has a
conflict of interest with the Company. For this purpose, a conflict of interest exists when a Participating Member, the
parent or affiliate of a Participating Member or any person associated with a Participating Member in the aggregate beneficially own
10% or more of the Companys outstanding subordinated debt or common equity, or 10% or more of the Companys preferred equity.
FINRA member participating in the Offering includes any associated person of a Participating Member in the Offering, any
member of such associated persons immediate family and any affiliate of a Participating Member in the Offering. When used in this
Section 3.1(j) the term affiliate of a FINRA member or affiliated with a FINRA member means an entity that
controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a FINRA member. The Company will advise the Placement Agent and its legal
counsel, Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP (the Placement Agent Counsel) if it learns that any officer, director
or owner of 10% or more of the Companys outstanding Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents is or becomes an affiliate or associated
person of a Participating Member.

(k)
Board of Directors. The Board of Directors is comprised of the persons set forth under the heading of the Companys Annual
Report on Form 10-K captioned Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. The qualifications of the persons
serving as board members and the overall composition of the Board of Directors comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules
promulgated thereunder applicable to the Company and the rules of the NYSE American (the Trading Market). In addition,
at least a majority of the persons serving on the Board of Directors qualify as independent as defined under the rules
of the Trading Market.

(l)
D&O Questionnaires. To the Companys knowledge, all information contained in the questionnaires most recently completed
by each of the Companys directors and officers is true and correct in all respects (other than changes in securities ownership
from the date of such questionnaires) and the Company has not become aware of any information which would cause the information disclosed
in such questionnaires to become inaccurate and incorrect.

(m)
Representations, Warranties and Covenants Incorporated by Reference. Each of the representations, warranties and covenants (together
with any related disclosure schedules thereto) made to the Investors in the Purchase Agreement is hereby incorporated herein by reference
(as though fully restated herein) and is hereby made to, and in favor of, the Placement Agent.

Section
3. Delivery and Payment. Each Closing shall occur at the offices of the Placement Agent Counsel at 1345 Avenue of the Americas, New
York, New York 10105 (or at such other place as shall be agreed upon by the Placement Agent and the Company). Subject to the terms and
conditions hereof, at each Closing payment of the purchase price for the Securities sold on such Closing Date shall be made by Federal
Funds wire transfer, against delivery of such Securities, and such Securities shall be registered in such name or names and shall be
in such denominations, as the Placement Agent may request at least one business day before the time of purchase (as defined below).

Deliveries
of the documents with respect to the purchase of the Securities, if any, shall be made at the offices of Placement Agent Counsel. All
actions taken at a Closing shall be deemed to have occurred simultaneously.

Section
4. Covenants and Agreements of the Company. The Company further covenants and agrees with the Placement Agent as follows:

(a)
Registration Statement Matters. The Company will advise the Placement Agent promptly after it receives notice thereof of the time
when any amendment to the Registration Statement has been filed or becomes effective or any preliminary prospectus or prospectus supplement
has been filed and will furnish the Placement Agent with copies thereof. The Company will file promptly all reports and any definitive
proxy or information statements required to be filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant to Section 13(a), 14 or 15(d) of the
Exchange Act subsequent to the date of any prospectus supplement and for so long as the delivery of a prospectus is required in connection
with the Offering. The Company will advise the Placement Agent, promptly after it receives notice thereof (i) of any request by the Commission
to amend the Registration Statement or to amend or supplement any prospectus supplement or for additional information, (ii) of the issuance
by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto
or any order directed at any Incorporated Document, if any, or any amendment or supplement thereto or any order preventing or suspending
the use of the Base Prospectus, Prospectus Supplement or any other prospectus supplement or any amendment or supplement thereto or any
post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement, of the suspension of the qualification of the Securities for offering or sale
in any jurisdiction, of the institution or threatened institution of any proceeding for any such purpose, or of any request by the Commission
for the amending or supplementing of the Registration Statement or a prospectus supplement or for additional information, (iii) of
the issuance by any state securities commission of any proceedings for the suspension of the qualification of the Securities for offering
or sale in any jurisdiction or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for that purpose; (iv) of the mailing and delivery
to the Commission for filing of any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or Prospectus Supplement; (v) of the receipt
of any comments or request for any additional information from the Commission; and (vi) of the happening of any event during the period
described in this Section 4(a) that, in the judgment of the Company, makes any statement of a material fact made in the Registration
Statement or the Prospectus Supplement untrue or that requires the making of any changes in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus
Supplement in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
The Company shall use its best efforts to prevent the issuance of any such stop order or prevention or suspension of such use. If the
Commission shall enter any such stop order or order or notice of prevention or suspension at any time, the Company will use its best
efforts to obtain the lifting of such order at the earliest possible moment, or will file a new registration statement and use its best
efforts to have such new registration statement declared effective as soon as practicable. Additionally, the Company agrees that it shall
comply with the provisions of Rules 424(b), 430A, 430B and 430C, as applicable, under the Securities Act, including with respect to the
timely filing of documents thereunder, and will use its reasonable efforts to confirm that any filings made by the Company under such
Rule 424(b) are received in a timely manner by the Commission.

(b)
Blue Sky Compliance. The Company will cooperate with the Placement Agent and the Investors in endeavoring to qualify the Securities
for sale under the securities laws of such jurisdictions (United States and foreign) as the Placement Agent and the Investors may reasonably
request and will make such applications, file such documents, and furnish such information as may be reasonably required for that purpose,
provided the Company shall not be required to qualify as a foreign corporation or to file a general consent to service of process in
any jurisdiction where it is not now so qualified or required to file such a consent, and provided further that the Company shall not
be required to produce any new disclosure document. The Company will, from time to time, prepare and file such statements, reports and
other documents as are or may be required to continue such qualifications in effect for so long a period as the Placement Agent may reasonably
request for distribution of the Securities. The Company will advise the Placement Agent promptly of the suspension of the qualification
or registration of (or any such exemption relating to) the Securities for offering, sale or trading in any jurisdiction or any initiation
or threat of any proceeding for any such purpose, and in the event of the issuance of any order suspending such qualification, registration
or exemption, the Company shall use its best efforts to obtain the withdrawal thereof at the earliest possible moment.

(c)
Amendments and Supplements to a Prospectus and Other Matters. The Company will comply with the Securities Act and the Exchange
Act, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder during the Prospectus Delivery Period, so as to permit the completion
of the distribution of the Securities as contemplated in this Agreement, the Incorporated Documents and any Prospectus. If during the
period in which a prospectus is required by law to be delivered in connection with the distribution of Securities contemplated by the
Incorporated Documents or any Prospectus (the Prospectus Delivery Period), any event shall occur as a result of
which, in the judgment of the Company or in the opinion of the Placement Agent or counsel for the Placement Agent, it becomes necessary
to amend or supplement the Incorporated Documents or any Prospectus in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, as the case may be, not misleading, or if it is necessary at any time to amend or supplement the Incorporated
Documents or any Prospectus or to file under the Exchange Act any Incorporated Document to comply with any law, the Company will promptly
prepare and file with the Commission, and furnish at its own expense to the Placement Agent and to dealers, an appropriate amendment
to the Registration Statement or supplement to the Registration Statement, the Incorporated Documents or any Prospectus that is necessary
in order to make the statements in the Incorporated Documents and any Prospectus as so amended or supplemented, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, as the case may be, not misleading, or so that the Registration Statement, the Incorporated Documents or
any Prospectus, as so amended or supplemented, will comply with law. Before amending the Registration Statement or supplementing the
Incorporated Documents or any Prospectus in connection with the Offering, the Company will furnish the Placement Agent with a copy of
such proposed amendment or supplement and will not file any such amendment or supplement to which the Placement Agent reasonably objects.

(d)
Copies of any Amendments and Supplements to a Prospectus. The Company will furnish the Placement Agent, without charge, during
the period beginning on the date hereof and ending on the later of the last Closing Date of the Offering, as many copies of any Prospectus
or prospectus supplement and any amendments and supplements thereto, as the Placement Agent may reasonably request.

(e)
Free Writing Prospectus. The Company covenants that it will not, unless it obtains the prior written consent of the Placement
Agent, make any offer relating to the Securities that would constitute a Company Free Writing Prospectus or that would otherwise constitute
a free writing prospectus (as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act) required to be filed by the Company with
the Commission or retained by the Company under Rule 433 of the Securities Act. In the event that the Placement Agent expressly consents
in writing to any such free writing prospectus (a Permitted Free Writing Prospectus), the Company covenants that
it shall (i) treat each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus as an Company Free Writing Prospectus, and (ii) comply with the requirements
of Rule 164 and 433 of the Securities Act applicable to such Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, including in respect of timely filing
with the Commission, legending and record keeping.

(f)
Transfer Agent. The Company will maintain, at its expense, a registrar and transfer agent for the Shares.

(g)
Earnings Statement. As soon as practicable and in accordance with applicable requirements under the Securities Act, but in any
event not later than 18 months after the last Closing Date, the Company will make generally available to its security holders and to
the Placement Agent an earnings statement, covering a period of at least 12 consecutive months beginning after the last Closing Date,
that satisfies the provisions of Section 11(a) and Rule 158 under the Securities Act.

(h)
Periodic Reporting Obligations. During the Prospectus Delivery Period, the Company will duly file, on a timely basis, with the
Commission and the Trading Market all reports and documents required to be filed under the Exchange Act within the time periods and in
the manner required by the Exchange Act.

(i)
Additional Documents. The Company will enter into any subscription, purchase or other customary agreements as the Placement Agent
or the Investors deem necessary or appropriate to consummate the Offering, all of which will be in form and substance reasonably acceptable
to the Placement Agent and the Investors. The Company agrees that the Placement Agent may rely upon, and each is a third party beneficiary
of, the representations and warranties, and applicable covenants, set forth in any such purchase, subscription or other agreement with
Investors in the Offering.

(j)
No Manipulation of Price. Neither the Company, nor to its knowledge, any of its employees, directors or shareholders, has
taken or will take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that has constituted or that might reasonably be expected to cause
or result in, under the Exchange Act, or otherwise stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate
the sale or resale of the Securities.

(k)
Acknowledgment. The Company acknowledges that any advice given by the Placement Agent to the Company is solely for the benefit
and use of the Board of Directors of the Company and may not be used, reproduced, disseminated, quoted or referred to, without the Placement
Agents prior written consent.

(l)
Announcement of Offering. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Placement Agent may, subsequent to the Closing, make public
its involvement with the Offering.

(m)
Reliance on Others. The Company confirms that it will rely on its own counsel and accountants for legal and accounting advice.

(n)
Research Matters. By entering into this Agreement, the Placement Agent does not provide any promise, either explicitly or implicitly,
of favorable or continued research coverage of the Company and the Company hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Placement Agents
selection as a placement agent for the Offering was in no way conditioned, explicitly or implicitly, on the Placement Agent providing
favorable or any research coverage of the Company. In accordance with FINRA Rule 2241(b)(2), the parties acknowledge and agree that the
Placement Agent has not directly or indirectly offered favorable research, a specific rating or a specific price target, or threatened
to change research, a rating or a price target, to the Company or inducement for the receipt of business or compensation. The Company
hereby waives and releases, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims that the Company may have against the Placement Agent
with respect to any conflict of interest that may arise from the fact that the views expressed by their independent research analysts
and research departments may be different from or inconsistent with the views or advice communicated to the Company by the Placement
Agents investment banking divisions. The Company acknowledges that the Placement Agent is a full service securities firm and as
such from time to time, subject to applicable securities laws, may effect transactions for its own account or the account of its customers
and hold long or short position in debt or equity securities of the Company.

(o)
Subsequent Equity Sales.

(i)
From the date hereof until twenty-two (22) days after the Closing Date, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall (i) issue, enter
into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or (ii) file
any registration statement or amendment or supplement thereto, other than the Prospectus or filing a registration statement on Form S-8
in connection with any employee benefit plan, in each case without prior written consent of the Placement Agent.

(ii)
From the date hereof until forty-five (45) days after the Closing Date, the Company shall be prohibited from effecting or entering into
an agreement to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (or a combination
of units thereof) involving a Variable Rate Transaction. Variable Rate Transaction means a transaction in which the Company
(i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the right to
receive additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate or other price that is based
upon and/or varies with the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of Common Stock at any time after the initial issuance of
such debt or equity securities, or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date
after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly
related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock or (ii) enters into, or effects a transaction under, any agreement,
including, but not limited to, an equity line of credit or an at-the-market offering, whereby the Company may issue securities
at a future determined price; provided, however, that twenty-two (22) days after the Closing Date, the issuance of shares
of Common Stock in an at the market offering with the Placement Agent as sales agent shall not be deemed a Variable Rate
Transaction. Any Purchaser shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which remedy
shall be in addition to any right to collect damages.

(iii)
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 4(o) shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance, except that no Variable Rate Transaction
shall be an Exempt Issuance. An Exempt Issuance means the issuance of (a) Common Stock or equity awards to employees,
officers or directors of the Company pursuant to any stock or option plan duly adopted for such purpose, by a majority of the non-employee
members of the Board of Directors or a majority of the members of a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose
for services rendered to the Company, (b) securities upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any Securities issued hereunder
and/or other securities exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this Agreement,
provided that such securities have not been amended since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to
decrease the exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities (other than in connection with automatic price resets,
stock splits, adjustments or combinations as set forth in such securities) or to extend the term of such securities and (c) securities
issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic transactions approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company, provided
that such securities are issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that
require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith during the six month period following the Closing
Date, and provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equityholders of a Person) which is, itself or through
its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the business of the Company and shall provide
to the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction in which the Company is
issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities.

(p)
FINRA. The Company shall advise the Placement Agent (who shall make an appropriate filing with FINRA) if it is aware that any
officer, director, 10% or greater shareholder of the Company or Person that received the Companys unregistered equity securities
in the past 180 days is or becomes an affiliate or associated person of a FINRA member firm prior to the earlier of the termination of
this Agreement or the 60-day period after the Effective Date

Section
5. Conditions of the Obligations of the Placement Agent. The obligations of the Placement Agent hereunder shall be subject to the
accuracy of the representations and warranties on the part of the Company set forth in Section 2 hereof, in each case as of the date
hereof and as of each Closing Date as though then made, to the timely performance by each of the Company of its covenants and other obligations
hereunder on and as of such dates, and to each of the following additional conditions:

(a)
Accountants Comfort Letters. On the date hereof, the Placement Agent shall have received, and the Company shall have caused
to be delivered to the Placement Agent, a letter from Grassi & Co., CPAs, P.C. (the current independent registered public accounting
firm of the Company), addressed to the Placement Agent, dated as of the date hereof, in form and substance satisfactory to the Placement
Agent. The letter shall not disclose any change in the condition (financial or other), earnings, operations, business or prospects of
the Company from that set forth in the Incorporated Documents or the applicable Prospectus or prospectus supplement, which, in the Placement
Agents sole judgment, is material and adverse and that makes it, in the Placement Agents sole judgment, impracticable or
inadvisable to proceed with the Offering of the Securities as contemplated by such Prospectus.

(b)
Compliance with Registration Requirements; No Stop Order; No Objection from the FINRA. Each Prospectus (in accordance with Rule
424(b)) and free writing prospectus (as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act), if any, shall have been duly
filed with the Commission, as appropriate; no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any part thereof
shall have been issued and no proceeding for that purpose shall have been initiated or threatened by the Commission; no order preventing
or suspending the use of any Prospectus shall have been issued and no proceeding for that purpose shall have been initiated or threatened
by the Commission; no order having the effect of ceasing or suspending the distribution of the Securities or any other securities of
the Company shall have been issued by any securities commission, securities regulatory authority or stock exchange and no proceedings
for that purpose shall have been instituted or shall be pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, contemplated by any securities commission,
securities regulatory authority or stock exchange; all requests for additional information on the part of the Commission shall have been
complied with; and FINRA shall have raised no objection to the fairness and reasonableness of the placement terms and arrangements.

(c)
Corporate Proceedings. All corporate proceedings and other legal matters in connection with this Agreement, the Registration Statement
and each Prospectus, and the registration, sale and delivery of the Securities, shall have been completed or resolved in a manner reasonably
satisfactory to the Placement Agents counsel, and such counsel shall have been furnished with such papers and information as it
may reasonably have requested to enable such counsel to pass upon the matters referred to in this Section 5.

(d)
No Material Adverse Change. Subsequent to the execution and delivery of this Agreement and prior to each Closing Date, in the
Placement Agents sole judgment after consultation with the Company, there shall not have occurred any Material Adverse Effect
or any material adverse change or development involving a prospective material adverse change in the condition or the business activities,
financial or otherwise, of the Company from the latest dates as of which such condition is set forth in the Registration Statement and
Prospectus (Material Adverse Change).

(e)
Opinion of Counsels for the Company. The Placement Agent shall have received on each Closing Date (i) the favorable opinion of
Thompson Hine LLP, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Investors and the Placement Agent; and (ii) the favorable opinion
of McCarter & English, LLP, intellectual property legal counsel to the Company, addressed to the Placement Agent in form and substance
satisfactory to the Placement Agent.

(f)
Officers Certificate. The Placement Agent shall have received on each Closing Date a certificate of the Company, dated
as of such Closing Date, signed by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, to the effect that, and the
Placement Agent shall be satisfied that, the signers of such certificate have reviewed the Registration Statement, the Incorporated Documents,
the Prospectus, and this Agreement and to the further effect that:

(i)
The representations and warranties of the Company in this Agreement are true and correct, as if made on and as of such Closing Date,
and the Company has complied with all the agreements and satisfied all the conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied at or
prior to such Closing Date;

(ii)
No stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the use of the Prospectus has been issued and no proceedings
for that purpose have been instituted or are pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened under the Securities Act; no order
having the effect of ceasing or suspending the distribution of the Securities or any other securities of the Company has been issued
by any securities commission, securities regulatory authority or stock exchange in the United States and no proceedings for that purpose
have been instituted or are pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, contemplated by any securities commission, securities regulatory
authority or stock exchange in the United States;

(iii)
When the Registration Statement became effective, at the time of sale, and at all times subsequent thereto up to the delivery of such
certificate, the Registration Statement and the Incorporated Documents, if any, when such documents became effective or were filed with
the Commission, and any Prospectus, contained all material information required to be included therein by the Securities Act and the
Exchange Act and the applicable rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder, as the case may be, and in all material respects
conformed to the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the applicable rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder,
as the case may be, and the Registration Statement and the Incorporated Documents, if any, and any Prospectus, did not and do not include
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading (provided, however, that the preceding representations
and warranties contained in this paragraph (iii) shall not apply to any statements or omissions made in reliance upon and in conformity
with information furnished in writing to the Company by the Placement Agent expressly for use therein) and, since the effective date
of the Registration Statement, there has occurred no event required by the Securities Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission
thereunder to be set forth in the Incorporated Documents which has not been so set forth; and

(iv)
Subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Incorporated Documents and any
Prospectus, there has not been: (a) any Material Adverse Change; (b) any transaction that is material to the Company and the Subsidiaries
taken as a whole, except transactions entered into in the ordinary course of business; (c) any obligation, direct or contingent, that
is material to the Company and the Subsidiaries taken as a whole, incurred by the Company or any Subsidiary, except obligations incurred
in the ordinary course of business; (d) any material change in the capital stock (except changes thereto resulting from the exercise
of outstanding stock options or warrants or conversion of outstanding preferred stock) or outstanding indebtedness of the Company or
any Subsidiary; (e) any dividend or distribution of any kind declared, paid or made on the capital stock of the Company; or (f) any loss
or damage (whether or not insured) to the property of the Company or any Subsidiary which has been sustained or will have been sustained
which has a Material Adverse Effect.

(g)
Regulatory Certificate. On the Closing Date, the Placement Agent shall have received a certificate from the Companys Chief
Executive Officer with respect to certain regulatory matters, dated as of the Closing Date, addressed to the Placement Agent in form
and substance satisfactory to the Placement Agent.

(h)
Bring-down Comfort Letters. On each Closing Date, the Placement Agent shall have received from Grassi & Co., CPAs,
P.C., or such other independent registered public accounting firm of the Company, a letter dated as of such Closing Date, in form and
substance satisfactory to the Placement Agent, to the effect that they reaffirm the statements made in the letter furnished pursuant
to subsection (a) of this Section 5, except that the specified date referred to therein for the carrying out of procedures shall be no
more than two business days prior to such Closing Date.

(i)
Stock Exchange Listing. The Common Stock shall be registered under the Exchange Act and shall be listed on the Trading Market,
and the Company shall not have taken any action designed to terminate, or likely to have the effect of terminating, the registration
of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act or delisting or suspending from trading the Common Stock from the Trading Market, nor shall
the Company have received any information suggesting that the Commission or the Trading Market is contemplating terminating such registration
or listing.

(j)
Additional Documents. On or before each Closing Date, the Placement Agent and counsel for the Placement Agent shall have received
such information and documents as they may reasonably require for the purposes of enabling them to pass upon the issuance and sale of
the Securities as contemplated herein, or in order to evidence the accuracy of any of the representations and warranties, or the satisfaction
of any of the conditions or agreements, herein contained.

If
any condition specified in this Section 5 is not satisfied when and as required to be satisfied, this Agreement may be terminated by
the Placement Agent by notice to the Company at any time on or prior to a Closing Date, which termination shall be without liability
on the part of any party to any other party, except that Section 6 (Payment of Expenses), Section 7 (Indemnification and Contribution)
and Section 8 (Representations and Indemnities to Survive Delivery) shall at all times be effective and shall survive such termination.

Section
6. Payment of Expenses. The Company shall be responsible for and pay all expenses relating to the Offering, including, without limitation,
all filing fees and communication expenses relating to the registration of the Securities to be sold in the Offering with the Commission
and the filing of the offering materials with FINRA; all fees and expenses relating to the listing of such Securities on such stock exchange
as the Company and the Placement Agent together determine; all fees, expenses and disbursements relating to background checks of the
Companys officers and directors; all fees, expenses and disbursements relating to the registration or qualification of such Securities
under the blue sky securities laws of such states and other jurisdictions as the Placement Agent may reasonably designate
(including, without limitation, all filing and registration fees, and the fees and disbursements of the Placement Agents counsel
at Closing)); all fees and expenses associated with the i-Deal system and NetRoadshow not to exceed $3,000; the costs of all mailing
and printing of the Offering documents (including the transaction documents, any Blue Sky Surveys and, if appropriate, any Agreement
Among Underwriters, Selected Dealers Agreement, placement agents questionnaire and power of attorney), Registration Statements,
Prospectus Supplements and all amendments, supplements and exhibits thereto and as many preliminary and final prospectuses as the Placement
Agent may reasonably deem necessary; the costs of preparing, printing and delivering certificates representing such Securities; fees
and expenses of the transfer agent for such Securities; stock transfer taxes, if any, payable upon the transfer of securities from the
Company to the Placement Agent; the fees and expenses of the Companys accountants and the fees and expenses of the Placement Agent
and the Companys legal counsel and other agents and representatives. For the sake of clarity, it is understood and agreed that
(i) the Company shall be responsible for the Placement Agents legal fees, costs and expenses in connection with the Offering irrespective
of whether the Offering is consummated, and (ii) the maximum amount of legal fees, costs and expenses incurred by the Placement Agent
that the Company shall be responsible for shall not exceed $35,000 in the event of a Closing.

Section
7. Indemnification and Contribution.

(a)
The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Placement Agent, its affiliates and each person controlling the Placement Agent
(within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act), and the directors, officers, agents and employees of the Placement Agent, its
affiliates and each such controlling person (the Placement Agent, and each such entity or person. an Indemnified Person)
from and against any losses, claims, damages, judgments, assessments, costs and other liabilities (collectively, the Liabilities),
and shall reimburse each Indemnified Person for all fees and expenses (including the reasonable fees and expenses of one counsel for
all Indemnified Persons, except as otherwise expressly provided herein) (collectively, the Expenses) as they are
incurred by an Indemnified Person in investigating, preparing, pursuing or defending any actions, whether or not any Indemnified Person
is a party thereto, (i) caused by, or arising out of or in connection with, any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material
fact contained in the Registration Statement, any Incorporated Document, or any Prospectus or by any omission or alleged omission to
state therein a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading (other than untrue statements or alleged untrue statements in, or omissions or alleged omissions from, information relating
to an Indemnified Person furnished in writing by or on behalf of such Indemnified Person expressly for use in the Incorporated Documents)
or (ii) otherwise arising out of or in connection with advice or services rendered or to be rendered by any Indemnified Person pursuant
to this Agreement, the transactions contemplated thereby or any Indemnified Persons actions or inactions in connection with any
such advice, services or transactions; provided, however, that, in the case of clause (ii) only, the Company shall not
be responsible for any Liabilities or Expenses of any Indemnified Person that are finally judicially determined to have resulted solely
from such Indemnified Persons (x) gross negligence or willful misconduct in connection with any of the advice, actions, inactions
or services referred to above or (y) use of any offering materials or information concerning the Company in connection with the offer
or sale of the Securities in the Offering which were not authorized for such use by the Company and which use constitutes gross negligence
or willful misconduct. The Company also agrees to reimburse each Indemnified Person for all Expenses as they are incurred in connection
with enforcing such Indemnified Persons rights under this Agreement.

(b)
Upon receipt by an Indemnified Person of actual notice of an action against such Indemnified Person with respect to which indemnity may
be sought under this Agreement, such Indemnified Person shall promptly notify the Company in writing; provided that failure by any Indemnified
Person so to notify the Company shall not relieve the Company from any liability which the Company may have on account of this indemnity
or otherwise to such Indemnified Person, except to the extent the Company shall have been prejudiced by such failure. The Company shall
have the right to assume the defense of any such action including the employment of counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Placement
Agent, which counsel may also be counsel to the Company. Any Indemnified Person shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any
such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Indemnified
Person unless: (i) the Company has failed promptly to assume the defense and employ counsel or (ii) the named parties to any such action
(including any impeded parties) include such Indemnified Person and the Company, and such Indemnified Person shall have been advised
in the reasonable opinion of counsel that there is an actual conflict of interest that prevents the counsel selected by the Company from
representing both the Company (or another client of such counsel) and any Indemnified Person; provided that the Company shall not in
such event be responsible hereunder for the fees and expenses of more than one firm of separate counsel for all Indemnified Persons in
connection with any action or related actions, in addition to any local counsel. The Company shall not be liable for any settlement of
any action effected without its written consent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld). In addition, the Company shall not, without
the prior written consent of the Placement Agent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld), settle, compromise or consent to the entry
of any judgment in or otherwise seek to terminate any pending or threatened action in respect of which indemnification or contribution
may be sought hereunder (whether or not such Indemnified Person is a party thereto) unless such settlement, compromise, consent or termination
includes an unconditional release of each Indemnified Person from all Liabilities arising out of such action for which indemnification
or contribution may be sought hereunder. The indemnification required hereby shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof
during the course of the investigation or defense, as such expense, loss, damage or liability is incurred and is due and payable.

(c)
In the event that the foregoing indemnity is unavailable to an Indemnified Person other than in accordance with this Agreement, the Company
shall contribute to the Liabilities and Expenses paid or payable by such Indemnified Person in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect
(i) the relative benefits to the Company, on the one hand, and to the Placement Agent and any other Indemnified Person, on the other
hand, of the matters contemplated by this Agreement or (ii) if the allocation provided by the immediately preceding clause is not permitted
by applicable law, not only such relative benefits but also the relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Placement Agent
and any other Indemnified Person, on the other hand, in connection with the matters as to which such Liabilities or Expenses relate,
as well as any other relevant equitable considerations; provided that in no event shall the Company contribute less than the amount necessary
to ensure that all Indemnified Persons, in the aggregate, are not liable for any Liabilities and Expenses in excess of the amount of
fees actually received by the Placement Agent pursuant to this Agreement. For purposes of this paragraph, the relative benefits to the
Company, on the one hand, and to the Placement Agent on the other hand, of the matters contemplated by this Agreement shall be deemed
to be in the same proportion as (a) the total value paid or contemplated to be paid to or received or contemplated to be received by
the Company in the transaction or transactions that are within the scope of this Agreement, whether or not any such transaction is consummated,
bears to (b) the fees paid to the Placement Agent under this Agreement. Notwithstanding the above, no person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation
within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act, as amended, shall be entitled to contribution from a party who was not guilty
of fraudulent misrepresentation.

(d)
The Company also agrees that no Indemnified Person shall have any liability (whether direct or indirect, in contract or tort or otherwise)
to the Company for or in connection with advice or services rendered or to be rendered by any Indemnified Person pursuant to this Agreement,
the transactions contemplated thereby or any Indemnified Persons actions or inactions in connection with any such advice, services
or transactions except for Liabilities (and related Expenses) of the Company that are finally judicially determined to have resulted
solely from such Indemnified Persons gross negligence or willful misconduct in connection with any such advice, actions, inactions
or services.

(e)
The reimbursement, indemnity and contribution obligations of the Company set forth herein shall apply to any modification of this Agreement
and shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any termination of, or the completion of any Indemnified Persons services
under or in connection with, this Agreement.

Section
8. Representations and Indemnities to Survive Delivery. The respective indemnities, agreements, representations, warranties and other
statements of the Company or any person controlling the Company, of its officers, and of the Placement Agent set forth in or made pursuant
to this Agreement will remain in full force and effect, regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Placement Agent,
the Company, or any of its or their partners, officers or directors or any controlling person, as the case may be, and will survive delivery
of and payment for the Securities sold hereunder and any termination of this Agreement. A successor to a Placement Agent, or to the Company,
its directors or officers or any person controlling the Company, shall be entitled to the benefits of the indemnity, contribution and
reimbursement agreements contained in this Agreement.

Section
9. Notices. All communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be mailed, hand delivered, e-mailed or telecopied and confirmed
to the parties hereto as follows:

If
to the Placement Agent to the address set forth above, attention: James Siegel, email: jsiegel@maximgrp.com

With
a copy to: 

Ellenoff
Grossman & Schole LLP

1345
Avenue of the Americas, 11th Floor

New
York, New York 10105

E-mail:
mbernstein@egsllp.com

Attention:
Matthew Bernstein

If
to the Company:

Azitra,
Inc.

21
Business Park Drive

Branford,
Connecticut 06405

E-mail:
taskey@azitrainc.com

Attention:
Norman Staskey

With
a copy to: 

Thompson
Hine LLP

300
Madison Avenue, 27th Floor

New
York, New York 10017

E-mail:
Faith.Charles@thompsonhine.com

Attention:
Faith Charles

Any
party hereto may change the address for receipt of communications by giving written notice to the others.

Section
10. Successors. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto, and to the benefit of the employees,
officers and directors and controlling persons referred to in Section 7 hereof, and to their respective successors, and personal representative,
and no other person will have any right or obligation hereunder.

Section
11. Partial Unenforceability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any section, paragraph or provision of this Agreement shall not
affect the validity or enforceability of any other section, paragraph or provision hereof. If any Section, paragraph or provision of
this Agreement is for any reason determined to be invalid or unenforceable, there shall be deemed to be made such minor changes (and
only such minor changes) as are necessary to make it valid and enforceable.

Section
12. Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York applicable
to agreements made and to be performed entirely in such State, without regard to the conflicts of laws principles thereof. This Agreement
may not be assigned by either party without the prior written consent of the other party. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure
to the benefit of the parties hereto, and their respective successors and permitted assigns. Any right to trial by jury with respect
to any dispute arising under this Agreement or any transaction or conduct in connection herewith is waived. Any dispute arising under
this Agreement may be brought into the courts of the State of New York or into the Federal Court located in New York, New York and, by
execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Company hereby accepts for itself and in respect of its property, generally and unconditionally,
the jurisdiction of aforesaid courts. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process
being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by delivering a copy thereof via overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to
such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient
service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any
manner permitted by law. The Company agrees that a final judgment in any such action, proceeding or counterclaim brought in any such
court shall be conclusive and binding upon the Company and may be enforced in any other courts to the jurisdiction of which the Company
is or may be subject, by suit upon such judgment. If either party to this Agreement shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce
any provisions of a Transaction Document, then the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party
for its attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action
or proceeding.

Section
13. General Provisions.

(a)
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties to this Agreement and supersedes all prior written or oral and all contemporaneous
oral agreements, understandings and negotiations with respect to the subject matter hereof. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
the Engagement Agreement, dated December 31, 2024 (Engagement Agreement), between the Company and the Placement
Agent shall continue to be effective and the terms therein shall continue to survive and be enforceable by the Placement Agent in accordance
with its terms, including the exclusivity period included therein, provided that, in the event of a conflict between the terms of the
Engagement Agreement and this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall prevail. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts,
each one of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. This
Agreement may not be amended or modified unless in writing by all of the parties hereto, and no condition herein (express or implied)
may be waived unless waived in writing by each party whom the condition is meant to benefit. Section headings herein are for the convenience
of the parties only and shall not affect the construction or interpretation of this Agreement.

(b)
The Company acknowledges that in connection with the offering of the Securities: (i) the Placement Agents responsibility to the
Company is solely contractual and commercial in nature, (ii) the Placement Agent has acted at arms length, are not agents of, and owe
no fiduciary duties to the Company or any other person, (iii) the Placement Agent owes the Company only those duties and obligations
set forth in this Agreement and (iv) the Placement Agent may have interests that differ from those of the Company. The Company waives
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law any claims it may have against the Placement Agent arising from a breach or alleged
breach of fiduciary duty in connection with the offering of the Securities.

[The
remainder of this page has been intentionally left blank.]

If
the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding of our agreement, please sign below whereupon this instrument, along with all
counterparts hereof, shall become a binding agreement in accordance with its terms.

Very
truly yours,

AZITRA,
INC.

a
Delaware corporation

By: /s/ Francisco Salva

Name: 

Title: 

The
foregoing Placement Agency Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted as of the date first above written.

MAXIM
GROUP LLC 

By: /s/ Ritesh Veera 

Name: Ritesh Veera 

Title: Co-Head of Investment Banking
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex10-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.2

Amended
and restated SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This
Amended and Restated Securities Purchase Agreement (this Agreement) is dated as of February 5, 2025, and
amend and that certain Securities Purchase Agreement Dated February 4, 2025, between Azitra, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company),
and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto (each, including its successors and assigns, a Purchaser
and collectively the Purchasers).

WHEREAS,
subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities
Act (as defined below), the Company desires to issue and sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser, severally and not jointly, desires
to purchase from the Company, securities of the Company as more fully described in this Agreement.

NOW,
THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt
and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows:

ARTICLE
I.

DEFINITIONS

1.1
Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms
have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.1:

Acquiring
Person shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.5.

Action
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(j).

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized
or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee
or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority
so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York are generally
open for use by customers on such day.

Closing
means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to Section 2.1.

Closing
Date means the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties
thereto, and all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers obligations to pay the Subscription Amount and (ii) the Companys
obligations to deliver the Securities, in each case, have been satisfied or waived, but in no event later than the first (1st) Trading
Day (or second (2nd) Trading Day if this Agreement is executed after 4:00 p.m. (New York City Time) but prior to 11:59 p.m.
(New York City Time)) following the date hereof.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such
securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Company
Counsel means Thompson Hine LLP, with offices located at 300 Madison Avenue, 27th Floor, New York, New York 10017.

Disclosure
Time means, (i) if this Agreement is signed on a day that is not a Trading Day or after 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) and
before midnight (New York City time) on any Trading Day, 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately following the
date hereof, unless otherwise instructed as to an earlier time by the Placement Agent, and (ii) if this Agreement is signed between midnight
(New York City time) and 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, no later than 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the date
hereof, unless otherwise instructed as to an earlier time by the Placement Agent.

EGS
means Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP, with offices located at 1345 Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York 10105-0302.

Evaluation
Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(s).

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exempt
Issuance means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock or options to employees, officers or directors of the Company pursuant
to any stock or option plan duly adopted for such purpose, by a majority of the non-employee members of the Board of Directors or a majority
of the members of a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose for services rendered to the Company, (b) securities
upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any Securities issued hereunder, warrants to the Placement Agent as compensation in
connection with the offering of the Securities and any securities upon exercise of warrants to the Placement Agent and/or other securities
exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this Agreement, provided
that such securities have not been amended since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease
the exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities (other than in connection with stock splits or combinations)
or to extend the term of such securities, and (c) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic transactions approved by a
majority of the disinterested directors of the Company, provided that such securities are issued as restricted securities
(as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection
therewith during the prohibition period in Section 4.11(a) herein, and provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or
to the equityholders of a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business
synergistic with the business of the Company and shall provide to the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds,
but shall not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an
entity whose primary business is investing in securities.

FCPA
means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

FDA
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(hh).

FDCA
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(hh).

GAAP
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Indebtedness
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(aa).

Intellectual
Property Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(p).

IP
Counsel means McCarter & English, LLP.

Liens
means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

Material
Adverse Effect shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(b).

Material
Permits shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(n).

Per
Share Purchase Price equals $0.2785, subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations
and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement but prior to the Closing, provided that
the purchase price per Pre-Funded Warrant shall be the Per Share Purchase Price minus $0.0001.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Pharmaceutical
Product shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(hh).

Placement
Agent means Maxim Group LLC.

Pre-Funded
Warrant means, collectively, the Pre-Funded Common Stock purchase warrants delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing in accordance
with Section 2.2(a) hereof, which Pre-Funded Warrants shall be exercisable immediately and shall expire when exercised in full, in the
form of Exhibit C attached hereto.

Pre-Funded
Warrant Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants.

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

Prospectus
means the final base prospectus included in the Registration Statement.

Prospectus
Supplement means the final prospectus supplement to the Prospectus together with the Prospectus and Permitted Free Writing
Prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act.

Purchaser
Party shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.8.

Registration
Statement means, collectively, the various parts of the registration statement prepared by the Company on Form S-3 (File No.
333-280648) with respect to the Shares and Pre-Funded Warrants, each as amended as of the date hereof, including the Prospectus and Prospectus
Supplement, and all exhibits filed with or incorporated by reference into such registration statement, and includes and Rule 462(b) Registration
Statement.

Required
Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e).

Rule
144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Rule
424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Rule
462(b) Registration Statement means any registration statement prepared by the Company registering additional Securities,
which was filed with the Commission on or prior to the date hereof and became automatically effective pursuant to Rule 462(b) promulgated
by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act.

SEC
Reports shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Securities
means the Shares, the Pre-Funded Warrants and the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Shares
means the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to each Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement.

Short
Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be
deemed to include locating and/or borrowing shares of Common Stock).

Subscription
Amount means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for Shares purchased hereunder as specified below such
Purchasers name on the signature page of this Agreement and next to the heading Subscription Amount, in United States
dollars and in immediately available funds (minus, if applicable, a Purchasers aggregate exercise price of Pre-Funded Warrants,
which amounts shall be paid as and when such Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised).

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth in the SEC Reports, and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect
subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, or the New York
Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction
Documents means this Agreement, the Pre-Funded Warrants, all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto and any other documents
or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Transfer
Agent means Vstock Transfer, LLC, the current transfer agent of the Company, with offices located at 18 Lafayette Pl, Woodmere,
NY 11598, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Variable
Rate Transaction shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.11(b).

ARTICLE
II.

PURCHASE
AND SALE

2.1
Closing. On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, substantially concurrent with the
execution and delivery of this Agreement by the parties hereto, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchasers, severally and not jointly,
agree to purchase, up to an aggregate of $695,001.76 of Shares; provided, however, that, to the extent that a Purchaser
determines, in its sole discretion, that such Purchaser (together with such Purchasers Affiliates, and any Person acting as a
group together with such Purchaser or any of such Purchasers Affiliates) would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation, or as such Purchaser may otherwise choose, in lieu of purchasing Shares such Purchaser may elect to purchase Pre-Funded Warrants.
The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% (or, at the election of the Purchaser at Closing, 9.99%) of the
number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of the Securities on the Closing Date.
Unless otherwise directed by the Placement Agent, each Purchasers Subscription Amount as set forth on the signature page hereto
executed by such Purchaser shall be made available for Delivery Versus Payment settlement with the Company or its designee.
The Company shall deliver to each Purchaser its respective Securities as determined pursuant to Section 2.2(a), and the Company and each
Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions
set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the Closing shall occur remotely by electronic transfer of the Closing documentation. Unless otherwise
directed by the Placement Agent, settlement of the Shares shall occur via Delivery Versus Payment (DVP)
(i.e., on the Closing Date, the Company shall issue the Shares registered in the Purchasers names and addresses and released by
the Transfer Agent directly to the account(s) at the Placement Agent identified by each Purchaser; upon receipt of such Shares, the Placement
Agent shall promptly electronically deliver such Shares to the applicable Purchaser, and payment therefor shall be made by the Placement
Agent (or its clearing firm) by wire transfer to the Company). Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time on or
after the time of execution of this Agreement by the Company and an applicable Purchaser, through, and including the time immediately
prior to the Closing (the Pre-Settlement Period), such Purchaser sells to any Person all, or any portion, of the
Shares to be issued hereunder to such Purchaser at the Closing (collectively, the Pre-Settlement Shares), such Purchaser
shall, automatically hereunder (without any additional required actions by such Purchaser or the Company), be deemed to be unconditionally
bound to purchase, such Pre-Settlement Shares at the Closing; provided, that the Company shall not be required to deliver any Pre-Settlement
Shares to such Purchaser prior to the Companys receipt of the purchase price of such Pre-Settlement Shares hereunder; and provided
further that the Company hereby acknowledges and agrees that the forgoing shall not constitute a representation or covenant by such Purchaser
as to whether or not during the Pre-Settlement Period such Purchaser shall sell any shares of Common Stock to any Person and that any
such decision to sell any shares of Common Stock by such Purchaser shall solely be made at the time such Purchaser elects to effect any
such sale, if any. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein and a Purchasers Subscription Amount set forth on the signature
pages attached hereto, the number of Shares purchased by a Purchaser (and its Affiliates) hereunder shall not, when aggregated with all
other shares of Common Stock owned by such Purchaser (and its Affiliates) at such time, result in such Purchaser beneficially owning
(as determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act) in excess of 9.9% of the then issued and outstanding Common Stock
outstanding at the Closing (the Beneficial Ownership Maximum), and such Purchasers Subscription Amount, to
the extent it would otherwise exceed the Beneficial Ownership Maximum immediately prior to the Closing, shall be conditioned upon the
issuance of Shares at the Closing to the other Purchasers signatory hereto. To the extent that a Purchasers beneficial ownership
of the Shares would otherwise be deemed to exceed the Beneficial Ownership Maximum, such Purchasers Subscription Amount shall
automatically be reduced as necessary in order to comply with this paragraph. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Notice(s)
of Exercise (as defined in the Pre-Funded Warrants) delivered on or prior to 12:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Closing Date, which
may be delivered at any time after the time of execution of this Agreement, the Company agrees to deliver the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares
subject to such notice(s) by 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Closing Date and the Closing Date shall be the Warrant Share Delivery
Date (as defined in the Pre-Funded Warrants) for purposes hereunder.

2.2
Deliveries.

(a)
On or prior to the Closing Date (except as indicated below), the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser the
following:

(i)
On the date hereof, this Agreement duly executed by the Company;

(ii)
a legal opinion of Company Counsel, substantially in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Placement Agent and Purchasers;

(iii)
a legal opinion of IP Counsel, substantially in the form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Placement Agent;

(iv)
subject to Section 2.1, the Company shall have provided each Purchaser with the Companys wire instructions, on Company letterhead
and executed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer;

(v)
subject to Section 2.1, a copy of the irrevocable instructions to the Transfer Agent instructing the Transfer Agent to deliver on an
expedited basis via The Depository Trust Company Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) Shares equal to
such Purchasers Subscription Amount divided by the Per Share Purchase Price, registered in the name of such Purchaser;

(vi)
for each Purchaser of Pre-Funded Warrants pursuant to Section 2.1, a Pre-Funded Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase
up to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the portion of such Purchasers Subscription Amount applicable to Pre-Funded
Warrants divided by the Per Share Purchase Price minus $0.0001, with an exercise price equal to $0.0001, subject to adjustment therein;
and

(vii)
the Prospectus and Prospectus Supplement (which may be delivered in accordance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act).

(b)
On or prior to the Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company, the following:

(i)
on the date hereof, this Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser; and

(ii)
such Purchasers Subscription Amount, which shall be made available for Delivery Versus Payment settlement with the
Company or its designee.

2.3
Closing Conditions.

(a)
The obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i)
the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse
Effect, in all respects) on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained herein (unless as of a
specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties
are qualified by materiality, in all respects) as of such date);

(ii)
all obligations, covenants and agreements of each Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been
performed; and

(iii)
the delivery by each Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.

(b)
The respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i)
the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse
Effect, in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless
as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects or, to the extent representations or warranties
are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) as of such date;

(ii)
all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;

(iii)
the delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement;

(iv)
there shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company since the date hereof; and

(v)
from the date hereof to the Closing Date, trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the Commission or the Companys
principal Trading Market, and, at any time prior to the Closing Date, trading in securities generally as reported by Bloomberg L.P. shall
not have been suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on securities whose trades are reported by such
service, or on any Trading Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by the United States or New York State authorities
nor shall there have occurred any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or international calamity of such
magnitude in its effect on, or any material adverse change in, any financial market which, in each case, in the reasonable judgment of
such Purchaser, makes it impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the Securities at the Closing.

ARTICLE
III.

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES

3.1
Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to each Purchaser:

(a)
Subsidiaries. All of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company are set forth in the SEC Reports. The Company owns, directly
or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens, and all of the issued
and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive
and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. If the Company has no subsidiaries, all other references to the Subsidiaries
or any of them in the Transaction Documents shall be disregarded.

(b)
Organization and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power
and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary is in violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or
other organizational or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good
standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned
by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could
not have or reasonably be expected to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction
Document, (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise)
of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in
any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material
Adverse Effect) and no Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking
to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.

(c)
Authorization; Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder.
The execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no
further action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders in connection herewith or therewith
other than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which the Company is a party
has been (or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof,
will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except
(i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general
application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific
performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited
by applicable law.

(d)
No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to
which it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby
do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles
of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that
with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or
assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or similar adjustments,
acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument
(evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by
which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict
with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or
governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations),
or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and
(iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(e)
Filings, Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any
notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other
Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filings
required pursuant to Section 4.4 of this Agreement, (ii) the filing with the Commission of the Prospectus Supplement, (iii) notices and/or
application(s) to each applicable Trading Market for the issuances and sale of the Securities and listing of the Shares and Pre-Funded
Warrant Shares for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby, and (iv) such filings as are required to be made under applicable
state securities laws (collectively, the Required Approvals).

(f)
Issuance of the Securities; Registration. The Securities are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with
the applicable Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed
by the Company. The Pre-Funded Warrant Shares are duly authorized and, when issued in accordance with the terms of the Pre-Funded Warrants,
will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company. The Company has reserved from
its duly authorized capital stock the maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Agreement and upon exercise
of the Pre-Funded Warrants. The Securities are not and will not be subject to the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of
the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company. All corporate action required to be taken for the authorization, issuance
and sale of the Securities has been duly and validly taken. The Securities conform in all material respects to all statements with respect
thereto contained in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus Supplement. The Company has prepared and filed the Registration Statement
in conformity with the requirements of the Securities Act, which became effective on July 8, 2024 (the Effective Date),
including the Prospectus, and such amendments and supplements thereto as may have been required to the date of this Agreement. The Registration
Statement is effective under the Securities Act and no stop order preventing or suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement
or suspending or preventing the use of the Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement has been issued by the Commission and no proceedings
for that purpose have been instituted or, to the knowledge of the Company, are threatened by the Commission. The Company, if required
by the rules and regulations of the Commission, shall file the Prospectus with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b). At the time the
Registration Statement and any amendments thereto became effective, at the date of this Agreement and at the Closing Date, the Registration
Statement and any amendments thereto conformed and will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and
did not and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; and the Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement and any amendments or supplements
thereto, at the time the Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement or any amendment or supplement thereto, as applicable was issued and
at the Closing Date, conformed and will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and did not and will
not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein,
in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company was at the time of the filing of the Registration
Statement eligible to use Form S-3. The Company is eligible to use Form S-3 under the Securities Act and it meets the transaction requirements
with respect to the aggregate market value of securities being sold pursuant to this offering and during the twelve (12) months prior
to this offering, as set forth in General Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3.

(g)
Capitalization. The capitalization of the Company as of the end of the period covered by its most recently filed periodic report
under the Exchange Act was set forth in such periodic report. Other than the shares of common stock issued on January 14, 2025, the Company
has not issued any securities since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise
of employee stock options under the Companys stock option plans, the issuance of shares of Common Stock to employees pursuant
to the Companys employee stock purchase plans and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding
as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act. No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive
right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except
as a result of the purchase and sale of the Securities and as set forth in the SEC Reports, there are no outstanding options, warrants,
scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any shares of Common Stock or the
capital stock of any Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is
or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or capital stock of any Subsidiary. The issuance
and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any
Person (other than the Purchasers). There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary with any provision
that adjusts the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price of such security or instrument upon an issuance of securities by the Company
or any Subsidiary. There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary that contain any redemption or
similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is
or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or such Subsidiary. The Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or
phantom stock plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the
Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance with all federal and state
securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe
for or purchase securities. The authorized shares of the Company conform in all material respects to all statements relating thereto
contained in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus Supplement. The offers and sales of the Companys securities were at
all relevant times either registered under the Securities Act and the applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws or, based in part
on the representations and warranties of the purchasers, exempt from such registration requirements. No further approval or authorization
of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities. There are no stockholders
agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is a
party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders.

(h)
SEC Reports; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required
to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the
two years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the
foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, together with the Prospectus and
the Prospectus Supplement, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports) on a timely basis or has received
a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their
respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act,
as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading. The Company has never been an issuer subject to Rule 144(i) under the Securities Act. The financial statements
of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and
regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in
accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) applied on a consistent basis during
the periods involved, except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited
financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position
of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the
periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments. The agreements and
documents described in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus Supplement, and the SEC Reports conform in all material respects to
the descriptions thereof contained therein and there are no agreements or other documents required by the Securities Act and the rules
and regulations thereunder to be described in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus Supplement or the SEC Reports or to be filed
with the Commission as exhibits to the Registration Statement, that have not been so described or filed. Each agreement or other instrument
(however characterized or described) to which the Company is a party or by which it is or may be bound or affected and (i) that is referred
to in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus Supplement or the SEC Reports, or (ii) is material to the Companys business,
has been duly authorized and validly executed by the Company, is in full force and effect in all material respects and is enforceable
against the Company and, to the Companys knowledge, the other parties thereto, in accordance with its terms, except (x) as such
enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally,
(y) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under the federal and state securities laws, and
(z) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses
and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefore may be brought. None of such agreements or instruments has been
assigned by the Company, and, neither the Company nor, to the Companys actual knowledge any other party is in default thereunder
and, to the Companys actual knowledge, no event has occurred that, with the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both, would
constitute a default thereunder. To the Companys actual knowledge, performance by the Company of the material provisions of such
agreements or instruments will not result in a violation of any existing Applicable Law or order or decree of any Governmental Authority
or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its assets or businesses, including, without limitation,
those relating to environmental laws and regulations.

(i)
Material Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included
within the SEC Reports, except as set forth in the SEC Reports, (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had or
that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent
or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice
and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Companys financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings
made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend
or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any
shares of its capital stock and (v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant
to existing Company stock option plans. The Company does not have pending before the Commission any request for confidential treatment
of information. Except for the issuance of the Securities contemplated by this Agreement or as set forth in the SEC Reports, no event,
liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with respect
to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, prospects, properties, operations, assets or financial condition that
would be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made or deemed made
that has not been publicly disclosed at least 1 Trading Day prior to the date that this representation is made. Unless otherwise disclosed
in an SEC Report filed prior to the date hereof, the Company has not: (i) issued any securities or incurred any liability or obligation,
direct or contingent, for borrowed money; or (ii) declared or paid any dividend or made any other distribution on or in respect to its
capital stock.

(j)
Litigation. There is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of
the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before or by any court,
arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign) (collectively, an
Action) which (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction
Documents or the Securities or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action
involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. There has
not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission involving the
Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending
the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

(k)
Labor Relations. No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees
of the Company, which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries
employees is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe
that their relationships with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary,
is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary
information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third
party, and the continued employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability
with respect to any of the foregoing matters that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and its
Subsidiaries are in compliance with all U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and employment
practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where the failure to be in compliance could not, individually
or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(l)
Compliance. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that
has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor
has the Company or any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any credit facility,
indenture, loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties
is bound (whether or not such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or order of any court,
arbitrator or other governmental authority or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any
governmental authority, including without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection,
occupational health and safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as could not have or
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(m)
Environmental Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws relating
to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface
strata), including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or
toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise relating
to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well
as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders,
permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder (Environmental Laws); (ii) have
received all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses;
and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval, except where in each of clause (i),
(ii) and (iii), the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

(n)
Regulatory Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate
federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports,
except where the failure to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material
Permits), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or
modification of any Material Permit.

(o)
Title to Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them
and good and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries,
in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially
interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens for the payment
of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and, the payment of
which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries
are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance.

(p)
Intellectual Property. The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks,
trademark applications, service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights
and similar rights necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports and which
the failure to so have could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights). None
of, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property Rights
has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within two (2) years from the date
of this Agreement except where such expiration, termination or abandonment would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within
the SEC Reports, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge that the Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe
upon the rights of any Person, except as could not have or reasonably be expected to not have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge
of the Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement by another Person of any
of the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy,
confidentiality and value of all of their intellectual properties, except where failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(q)
Insurance. The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses
and risks and in such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including,
but not limited to, directors and officers insurance coverage at least equal to the aggregate Subscription Amount. Neither the Company
nor any Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage
expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business without a significant increase
in cost.

(r)
Transactions With Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, none of the officers or directors of the Company
or any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to
any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract,
agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to
or from, providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director
or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial
interest or is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other than for (i) payment
of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other
employee benefits, including stock option agreements under any stock option plan of the Company.

(s)
Sarbanes-Oxley; Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance with any and all applicable requirements
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended that are effective as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and regulations
promulgated by the Commission thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date. The Company and the Subsidiaries
maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance
with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with
managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets
at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. The Company and the Subsidiaries have established
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries and
designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it
files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions
rules and forms. The Companys certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of
the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the end of the period covered by the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act
(such date, the Evaluation Date). The Company presented in its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange
Act the conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations
as of the Evaluation Date. Since the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting (as
such term is defined in the Exchange Act) of the Company and its Subsidiaries that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, the internal control over financial reporting of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

(t)
Certain Fees. Except for fees payable by the Company to the Placement Agent or as set forth in the Prospectus Supplement, no brokerage
or finders fees or commissions are or will be payable by the Company or any Subsidiary to any broker, financial advisor or consultant,
finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.
The Purchasers shall have no obligation with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other Persons
for fees of a type contemplated in this Section that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(u)
Investment Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities,
will not be or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.
The Company shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company subject to registration
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(v)
Registration Rights. Except as disclosed in the Prospectus Supplement, no Person has any right to cause the Company or any Subsidiary
to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company or any Subsidiary.

(w)
Listing and Maintenance Requirements. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, and
the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration
of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating
such registration. The Company has not, in the 12 months preceding the date hereof, received notice from any Trading Market on which
the Common Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing or maintenance
requirements of such Trading Market, which has not been resolved to the Trading Markets satisfaction. The Company is, and has
no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance with all such listing and maintenance requirements.
The Common Stock is currently eligible for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation
and the Company is current in payment of the fees to the Depository Trust Company (or such other established clearing corporation) in
connection with such electronic transfer.

(x)
Application of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order
to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement)
or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Companys certificate of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the
laws of its state of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the Purchasers as a result of the Purchasers and the Company
fulfilling their obligations or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation as a result of
the Companys issuance of the Securities and the Purchasers ownership of the Securities.

(y)
Disclosure. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents,
the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the Purchasers or their agents or
counsel with any information that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information which is not otherwise
disclosed in the Prospectus Supplement. The Company understands and confirms that the Purchasers will rely on the foregoing representation
in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. All of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchasers
regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries, their respective businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby is true and correct
and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements
made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The press releases disseminated by the Company
during the twelve months preceding the date of this Agreement taken as a whole do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of
the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not misleading. The Company acknowledges and agrees that no Purchaser makes
or has made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically set
forth in Section 3.2 hereof.

(z)
No Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2,
neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers
or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities
to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of any applicable shareholder approval provisions of any Trading Market
on which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated.

(aa)
Solvency. Based on the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the Closing Date, after giving effect to the receipt
by the Company of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder, (i) the fair saleable value of the Companys assets exceeds
the amount that will be required to be paid on or in respect of the Companys existing debts and other liabilities (including known
contingent liabilities) as they mature, (ii) the Companys assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital to carry on its
business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted including its capital needs taking into account the particular capital requirements
of the business conducted by the Company, consolidated and projected capital requirements and capital availability thereof, and (iii)
the current cash flow of the Company, together with the proceeds the Company would receive, were it to liquidate all of its assets, after
taking into account all anticipated uses of the cash, would be sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its liabilities when
such amounts are required to be paid. The Company does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature
(taking into account the timing and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt). The Company has no knowledge of any
facts or circumstances which lead it to believe that it will file for reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization
laws of any jurisdiction within one year from the Closing Date. The SEC Reports sets forth as of the date thereof all outstanding secured
and unsecured Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary, or for which the Company or any Subsidiary has commitments. For the purposes
of this Agreement, Indebtedness means (x) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess of $50,000
(other than trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (y) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent
obligations in respect of indebtedness of others, whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Companys consolidated
balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar
transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (z) the present value of any lease payments in excess of $50,000 due under leases
required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default with respect to any Indebtedness.

(bb)
Tax Status. Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and local income
and all foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, subject
to permitted extensions (ii) has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or
determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for
the payment of all material taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are
no unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company
or of any Subsidiary know of no basis for any such claim. The provisions for taxes payable, if any, shown on the financial statements
filed with or as part of the Registration Statement are sufficient for all accrued and unpaid taxes, whether or not disputed, and for
all periods to and including the dates of such consolidated financial statements. The term taxes mean all federal, state,
local, foreign, and other net income, gross income, gross receipts, sales, use, ad valorem, transfer, franchise, profits, license, lease,
service, service use, withholding, payroll, employment, excise, severance, stamp, occupation, premium, property, windfall profits, customs,
duties or other taxes, fees, assessments, or charges of any kind whatsoever, together with any interest and any penalties, additions
to tax, or additional amounts with respect thereto. The term returns means all returns, declarations, reports, statements,
and other documents required to be filed in respect to taxes.

(cc)
Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any
agent or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful
contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful
payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate
funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf
of which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law, or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA.

(dd)
Accountants. The Companys accounting firm is Grassi & Co., CPAs, P.C. To the knowledge and belief of the Company, such
accounting firm (i) is a registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act and (ii) shall express its opinion with respect
to the financial statements to be included in the Companys Annual Report for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2024.

(ee)
Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each of the Purchasers
is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated
thereby. The Company further acknowledges that no Purchaser is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar
capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by any Purchaser or
any of their respective representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby
is merely incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to each Purchaser that the Companys
decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the
transactions contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.

(ff)
Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Trading Activity. Anything in this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the contrary notwithstanding
(except for Sections 3.2(f) and 4.14 hereof), it is understood and acknowledged by the Company that: (i) none of the Purchasers has been
asked by the Company to agree, nor has any Purchaser agreed, to desist from purchasing or selling, long and/or short, securities of the
Company, or derivative securities based on securities issued by the Company or to hold the Securities for any specified
term; (ii) past or future open market or other transactions by any Purchaser, specifically including, without limitation, Short Sales
or derivative transactions, before or after the closing of this or future private placement transactions, may negatively
impact the market price of the Companys publicly-traded securities; (iii) any Purchaser, and counter-parties in derivative
transactions to which any such Purchaser is a party, directly or indirectly, presently may have a short position in the
Common Stock, and (iv) each Purchaser shall not be deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any arms length counter-party
in any derivative transaction. The Company further understands and acknowledges that (y) one or more Purchasers may engage
in hedging activities at various times during the period that the Securities are outstanding, including, without limitation, during the
periods that the value of the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares are deliverables with respect to Securities are being determined, and (z) such
hedging activities (if any) could reduce the value of the existing stockholders equity interests in the Company at and after the
time that the hedging activities are being conducted. The Company acknowledges that such aforementioned hedging activities do not constitute
a breach of any of the Transaction Documents.

(gg)
Regulation M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly,
any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate
the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or, paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any
of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities
of the Company, other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), compensation paid to the Placement Agent in connection with the placement
of the Securities.

(hh)
FDA. As to each product subject to the jurisdiction of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) under
the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, as amended, and the regulations thereunder (FDCA) that is manufactured,
packaged, labeled, tested, distributed, sold, and/or marketed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (each such product, a Pharmaceutical
Product), such Pharmaceutical Product is being manufactured, packaged, labeled, tested, distributed, sold and/or marketed
by the Company in compliance with all applicable requirements under FDCA and similar laws, rules and regulations relating to registration,
investigational use, premarket clearance, licensure, or application approval, good manufacturing practices, good laboratory practices,
good clinical practices, product listing, quotas, labeling, advertising, record keeping and filing of reports, except where the failure
to be in compliance would not have a Material Adverse Effect. There is no pending, completed or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened,
action (including any lawsuit, arbitration, or legal or administrative or regulatory proceeding, charge, complaint, or investigation)
against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice, warning letter
or other communication from the FDA or any other governmental entity, which (i) contests the premarket clearance, licensure, registration,
or approval of, the uses of, the distribution of, the manufacturing or packaging of, the testing of, the sale of, or the labeling and
promotion of any Pharmaceutical Product, (ii) withdraws its approval of, requests the recall, suspension, or seizure of, or withdraws
or orders the withdrawal of advertising or sales promotional materials relating to, any Pharmaceutical Product, (iii) imposes a clinical
hold on any clinical investigation by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (iv) enjoins production at any facility of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries, (v) enters or proposes to enter into a consent decree of permanent injunction with the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries, or (vi) otherwise alleges any violation of any laws, rules or regulations by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
and which, either individually or in the aggregate, would have a Material Adverse Effect. The properties, business and operations of
the Company have been and are being conducted in all material respects in accordance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations
of the FDA. The Company has not been informed by the FDA that the FDA will prohibit the marketing, sale, license or use in the United
States of any product proposed to be developed, produced or marketed by the Company nor has the FDA expressed any concern as to approving
or clearing for marketing any product being developed or proposed to be developed by the Company.

(ii)
Cybersecurity. (i)(x) There has been no security breach or other compromise of or relating to any of the Companys or any
Subsidiarys information technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including the data of its respective
customers, employees, suppliers, vendors and any third party data maintained by or on behalf of it), equipment or technology (collectively,
IT Systems and Data) and (y) the Company and the Subsidiaries have not been notified of, and has no knowledge of
any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in, any security breach or other compromise to its IT Systems and
Data; (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries are presently in compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders,
rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations
relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use,
access, misappropriation or modification, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; (iii)
the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented and maintained commercially reasonable safeguards to maintain and protect its material
confidential information and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems and Data; and (iv) the Company
and the Subsidiaries have implemented backup and disaster recovery technology consistent with industry standards and practices.

(jj)
Compliance with Data Privacy Laws. (i) The Company and the Subsidiaries are, and at all times during the last three (3) years
were, in compliance with all applicable state, federal and foreign data privacy and security laws and regulations, including, without
limitation, the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU 2016/679) (collectively, Privacy
Laws); (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries have in place, comply with, and take appropriate steps reasonably designed to
ensure compliance with their policies and procedures relating to data privacy and security and the collection, storage, use, disclosure,
handling and analysis of Personal Data (as defined below) (the Policies); (iii) the Company provides accurate notice
of its applicable Policies to its customers, employees, third party vendors and representatives as required by the Privacy Laws; and
(iv) applicable Policies provide accurate and sufficient notice of the Companys then-current privacy practices relating to its
subject matter, and do not contain any material omissions of the Companys then-current privacy practices, as required by Privacy
Laws. Personal Data means (i) a natural persons name, street address, telephone number, email address, photograph,
social security number, bank information, or customer or account number; (ii) any information which would qualify as personally
identifying information under the Federal Trade Commission Act, as amended; (iii) personal data as defined by GDPR;
and (iv) any other piece of information that allows the identification of such natural person, or his or her family, or permits the collection
or analysis of any identifiable data related to an identified persons health or sexual orientation. (i) None of such disclosures
made or contained in any of the Policies have been inaccurate, misleading, or deceptive in violation of any Privacy Laws and (ii) the
execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents will not result in a breach of any Privacy Laws or Policies. Neither
the Company nor the Subsidiaries (i) to the knowledge of the Company, has received written notice of any actual or potential liability
of the Company or the Subsidiaries under, or actual or potential violation by the Company or the Subsidiaries of, any of the Privacy
Laws; (ii) is currently conducting or paying for, in whole or in part, any investigation, remediation or other corrective action pursuant
to any regulatory request or demand pursuant to any Privacy Law; or (iii) is a party to any order, decree, or agreement by or with any
court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority that imposed any obligation or liability under any Privacy Law.

(kk)
Stock Option Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company under the Companys incentive equity plan was granted (i) in
accordance with the terms of the Companys incentive equity plan and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market
value of the Common Stock on the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted
under the Companys incentive equity plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been
no Company policy or practice to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options
with, the release or other public announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results
or prospects.

(ll)
Office of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director,
officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the
Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC).

(mm)
U.S. Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within
the meaning of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon Purchasers
request.

(nn)
Bank Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company
Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the
Federal Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly,
five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent or more of the total equity
of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
or Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and
to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

(oo)
Money Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with
applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended,
applicable money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws),
and no Action or Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company
or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.

3.2
Representations and Warranties of the Purchasers. Each Purchaser, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and
warrants as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case
they shall be accurate as of such date):

(a)
Organization; Authority. Such Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and
in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited
liability company or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents
and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance
by such Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate,
partnership, limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to
which it is a party has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof,
will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except:
(i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general
application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific
performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited
by applicable law.

(b)
Understandings or Arrangements. Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and has no direct
or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities (this
representation and warranty not limiting such Purchasers right to sell the Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement or
otherwise in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities hereunder in the
ordinary course of its business.

(c)
Purchaser Status. At the time such Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, and on each
date on which it exercises any Pre-Funded Warrants, it will be an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2),
(a)(3), (a)(7), (a)(8), (a)(9), (a)(12), or (a)(13) under the Securities Act.

(d)
Experience of Such Purchaser. Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication
and experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment
in the Securities, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of
an investment in the Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

(e)
Access to Information. Such Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the Prospectus Supplement, Transaction
Documents (including all exhibits and schedules thereto) and the SEC Reports and has been afforded, (i) the opportunity to ask such questions
as it has deemed necessary of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the
offering of the Securities and the merits and risks of investing in the Securities; (ii) access to information about the Company and
its financial condition, results of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its
investment; and (iii) the opportunity to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable
effort or expense that is necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment. Such Purchaser acknowledges
and agrees that neither the Placement Agent nor any Affiliate of the Placement Agent has provided such Purchaser with any information
or advice with respect to the Securities nor is such information or advice necessary or desired. Neither the Placement Agent nor any
Affiliate has made or makes any representation as to the Company or the quality of the Securities and the Placement Agent and any Affiliate
may have acquired non-public information with respect to the Company which such Purchaser agrees need not be provided to it. In connection
with the issuance of the Securities to such Purchaser, neither the Placement Agent nor any of its Affiliates has acted as a financial
advisor or fiduciary to such Purchaser.

(f)
Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has
not, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed any
purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that such Purchaser
first received definitive pricing terms (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth
the material pricing terms of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending when the transaction is first publicly announced pursuant
to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed
investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers
have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchasers
assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that
made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. Other than to other Persons party to this Agreement
or to such Purchasers representatives, including, without limitation, its officers, directors, partners, legal and other advisors,
employees, agents and Affiliates, such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with
this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt,
nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing
shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

The
Company acknowledges and agrees that the representations contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect such Purchasers
right to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties
contained in any other Transaction Document or any other document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement
or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained
herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order
to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

ARTICLE
IV.

OTHER
AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1
Amendments to Registration Statement. The Company has delivered, or will as promptly as practicable deliver, to the Placement
Agent complete conformed copies of the Registration Statement and of each consent and certificate of experts, as applicable, filed as
a part thereof, and conformed copies of the Registration Statement (without exhibits), the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement,
as amended or supplemented, in such quantities and at such places as a Placement Agent reasonably requests. Neither the Company nor any
of its directors and officers has distributed and none of them will distribute, prior to the Closing Date, any offering material in connection
with the offering and sale of the Shares other than the Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement, the Registration Statement, and copies
of the documents incorporated by reference therein. The Company shall not file any such amendment or supplement to which the Placement
Agent shall reasonably object in writing.

4.2
Furnishing of Information. Until the time that no Purchaser owns Securities, the Company covenants to timely file (or obtain extensions
in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof
pursuant to the Exchange Act even if the Company is not then subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act.

4.3
Integration. The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security
(as defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes of the
rules and regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require shareholder approval prior to the closing of such other transaction
unless shareholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

4.4
Securities Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company shall (a) by the Disclosure Time, issue a press release disclosing the material
terms of the transactions contemplated hereby, and (b) file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits
thereto, with the Commission within the time required by the Exchange Act. From and after the issuance of such press release, the Company
represents to the Purchasers that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to any of the Purchasers
by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agents, including,
without limitation, the Placement Agent, in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. In addition,
effective upon the issuance of such press release, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations
under any agreement, whether written or oral, between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors,
agents, employees, Affiliates or agents, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, on the one hand, and any of the Purchasers
or any of their Affiliates on the other hand, shall terminate and be of no further force or effect. The Company understands and confirms
that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. The Company and
each Purchaser shall consult with each other in issuing any other press releases with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby,
and neither the Company nor any Purchaser shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement without the
prior consent of the Company, with respect to any press release of any Purchaser, or without the prior consent of each Purchaser, with
respect to any press release of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure is
required by law, in which case the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement
or communication. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of any Purchaser, or include the name
of any Purchaser in any filing with the Commission or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent of such
Purchaser, except (a) as required by federal securities law in connection with the filing of final Transaction Documents with the Commission
and (b) to the extent such disclosure is required by law or Trading Market regulations, in which case the Company shall provide the Purchasers
with prior notice of such disclosure permitted under this clause (b) and reasonably cooperate with such Purchaser regarding such disclosure.

4.5
Shareholder Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person,
that any Purchaser is an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill
(including any distribution under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by
the Company, or that any Purchaser could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving
Securities under the Transaction Documents or under any other agreement between the Company and the Purchasers.

4.6
Non-Public Information. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents, which shall be disclosed pursuant to Section 4.4, the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting
on its behalf will provide any Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably believes
constitutes, material non-public information, unless prior thereto such Purchaser shall have consented in writing to the receipt of such
information and agreed in writing with the Company to keep such information confidential. The Company understands and confirms that each
Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. To the extent that the Company,
any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates delivers any material, non-public
information to a Purchaser without such Purchasers consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that such Purchaser shall
not have any duty of confidentiality to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees,
Affiliates or agents, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, or a duty to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of
their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agents, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, not to trade
on the basis of, such material, non-public information, provided that the Purchaser shall remain subject to applicable law. To the extent
that any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the
Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously with the delivery of such notice file such notice with the Commission pursuant
to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant
in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.

4.7
Use of Proceeds. Except as set forth in the Prospectus Supplement, the Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the
Securities hereunder for general corporate and working capital purposes and shall not use such proceeds: (a) for the satisfaction of
any portion of the Companys debt (other than payment of trade payables in the ordinary course of the Companys business
and prior practices), (b) for the redemption of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, (c) for the settlement of any outstanding
litigation or (d) in violation of FCPA or OFAC regulations.

4.8
Indemnification of Purchasers. Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.8, the Company will indemnify and hold each Purchaser
and its directors, officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent
role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls such Purchaser
(within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders,
agents, members, partners or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding
a lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any and all
losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements,
court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or incur as a result
of or relating to (a) any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement
or in the other Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted against the Purchaser Parties in any capacity, or any of them or their
respective Affiliates, by any stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser Party, with respect to any of the
transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (unless such action is solely based upon a material breach of such Purchaser Partys
representations, warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings such Purchaser Party may
have with any such stockholder or any violations by such Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by such Purchaser
Party which is finally judicially determined to constitute fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct). If any action shall be brought
against any Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall promptly
notify the Company in writing, and, the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably
acceptable to the Purchaser Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate
in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Purchaser Party except to the extent
that (i) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (ii) the Company has failed after a reasonable
period of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel or (iii) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel a
material conflict on any material issue between the position of the Company and the position of such Purchaser Party, in which case the
Company shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel. The Company will not be
liable to any Purchaser Party under this Agreement (y) for any settlement by a Purchaser Party effected without the Companys prior
written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (z) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss, claim,
damage or liability is attributable to any Purchaser Partys breach of any of the representations, in the other Transaction Documents.
The indemnification required by this Section 4.8 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation
or defense, as and when bills are received or are incurred. The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause
of action or similar right of any Purchaser Party against the Company or others and any liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant
to law.

4.9
Reservation of Common Stock. As of the date hereof, the Company has reserved and the Company shall continue to reserve and keep
available at all times, free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock for the purpose of enabling the Company
to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement and Pre-Funded Warrant Shares pursuant to any exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants.

4.10
Listing of Common Stock. The Company hereby agrees to use best efforts to maintain the listing or quotation of the Common Stock
on the Trading Market on which it is currently listed, and concurrently with the Closing, the Company shall apply to list or quote all
of the Shares and Pre-Funded Warrant Shares on such Trading Market and promptly secure the listing of all of the Shares and Pre-Funded
Warrant Shares on such Trading Market. The Company further agrees, if the Company applies to have the Common Stock traded on any other
Trading Market, it will then include in such application all of the Shares and Pre-Funded Warrant Shares, and will take such other action
as is necessary to cause all of the Shares and Pre-Funded Warrant Shares to be listed or quoted on such other Trading Market as promptly
as possible. The Company will then take all action reasonably necessary to continue the listing and trading of its Common Stock on a
Trading Market and will comply in all respects with the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules
of the Trading Market. The Company agrees to maintain the eligibility of the Common Stock for electronic transfer through the Depository
Trust Company or another established clearing corporation, including, without limitation, by timely payment of fees to the Depository
Trust Company or such other established clearing corporation in connection with such electronic transfer.

4.11
Subsequent Equity Sales.

(a)
From the date hereof until twenty-two (22) days after the Closing Date, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall (i) issue, enter
into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or
(ii) file any registration statement or amendment or supplement thereto, other than the Prospectus Supplement or filing a registration
statement on Form S-8 in connection with any employee benefit plan.

(b)
From the date hereof until forty-five (45) days after the Closing Date, the Company shall be prohibited from effecting or entering into
an agreement to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (or a combination
of units thereof) involving a Variable Rate Transaction. Variable Rate Transaction means a transaction in which
the Company (i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include
the right to receive additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate or other price
that is based upon and/or varies with the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of Common Stock at any time after the initial
issuance of such debt or equity securities, or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some
future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly
or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock or (ii) enters into, or effects a transaction
under, any agreement, including, but not limited to, an equity line of credit or an at-the-market offering, whereby the
Company may issue securities at a future determined price regardless of whether shares pursuant to such agreement have actually been
issued and regardless of whether such agreement is subsequently canceled; provided, however, that, twenty-two (22) days
after the Closing Date, the entry into and/or issuance of shares of Common Stock in an at the market offering with the
Placement Agent as sales agent shall not be deemed a Variable Rate Transaction. Any Purchaser shall be entitled to obtain injunctive
relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages.

(c)
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 4.11 shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance, except that no Variable Rate Transaction
shall be an Exempt Issuance. In addition to the foregoing, and notwithstanding anything else herein to the contrary, this Section 4.11
may be waived by the written consent of the Company, Placement Agent and a majority of the Purchasers that execute this Agreement (at
least 50.1% in interest of the Shares and Pre-Funded Warrant Shares based on the initial Subscription Amounts hereunder).

4.12
Equal Treatment of Purchasers. No consideration (including any modification of any Transaction Document) shall be offered or paid
to any Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of the Transaction Documents unless the same consideration
is also offered to all of the parties to the Transaction Documents. For clarification purposes, this provision constitutes a separate
right granted to each Purchaser by the Company and negotiated separately by each Purchaser, and is intended for the Company to treat
the Purchasers as a class and shall not in any way be construed as the Purchasers acting in concert or as a group with respect to the
purchase, disposition or voting of Securities or otherwise.

4.13
Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that
neither it nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales, including
Short Sales of any of the Companys securities during the period commencing as of the time that such Purchaser first received definitive
pricing terms (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material pricing terms
of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending at such time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly
announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other
Purchasers, covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant
to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4, such Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms
of this transaction and the information included in the Transaction Documents (other than as disclosed to its legal and other representatives).
Notwithstanding the foregoing and notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly acknowledges
and agrees that (i) no Purchaser makes any representation, warranty or covenant hereby that it will not engage in effecting transactions
in any securities of the Company after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant
to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4, (ii) no Purchaser shall be restricted or prohibited from effecting any transactions
in any securities of the Company in accordance with applicable securities laws from and after the time that the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4 and (iii) no Purchaser
shall have any duty of confidentiality or duty not to trade in the securities of the Company to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries,
or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates, or agent, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent,
after the issuance of the initial press release as described in Section 4.4. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser
that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers assets
and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions
of such Purchasers assets, the covenant set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the
portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement.

4.14
Exercise Procedures. The form of Notice of Exercise included in the Pre-Funded Warrants set forth the totality of the procedures
required of the Purchasers in order to exercise the Pre-Funded Warrants. No additional legal opinion, other information or instructions
shall be required of the Purchasers to exercise their Pre-Funded Warrants. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original
Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of
Exercise form be required in order to exercise the Pre-Funded Warrants. The Company shall honor exercises of the Pre-Funded Warrants
and shall deliver Pre-Funded Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms, conditions and time periods set forth in the Transaction Documents.

ARTICLE
V.

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1
Termination. This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchasers obligations hereunder only and without
any effect whatsoever on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties, if the
Closing has not been consummated on or before the fifth (5th) Trading Day following the date hereof; provided, however,
that no such termination will affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties).

5.2
Fees and Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and
expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the
negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including,
without limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company and any exercise notice
delivered by a Purchaser), stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Purchasers.

5.3
Entire Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, and the Prospectus Supplement,
contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements
and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents,
exhibits and schedules.

5.4
Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in
writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is
delivered via email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New
York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered
via email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later
than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if
sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required
to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto.

5.5
Amendments; Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument
signed, in the case of an amendment, by the Company and Purchasers which purchased at least 50.1% in interest of the Shares and Pre-Funded
Warrant Shares based on the initial Subscription Amounts hereunder (or, prior to the Closing, the Company and each Purchaser) or, in
the case of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought, provided that if any amendment, modification
or waiver disproportionately and adversely impacts a Purchaser (or group of Purchasers), the consent of such disproportionately impacted
Purchaser (or group of Purchasers) shall also be required. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement
of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other
provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner
impair the exercise of any such right. Any proposed amendment or waiver that disproportionately, materially and adversely affects the
rights and obligations of any Purchaser relative to the comparable rights and obligations of the other Purchasers shall require the prior
written consent of such adversely affected Purchaser. Any amendment effected in accordance with this Section 5.5 shall be binding upon
each Purchaser and holder of Securities and the Company.

5.6
Headings. The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to
limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

5.7
Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and
permitted assigns. The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent
of each Purchaser (other than by merger). Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom
such Purchaser assigns or transfers any Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the
transferred Securities, by the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchasers.

5.8
No Third-Party Beneficiaries. The Placement Agent shall be the third party beneficiary of the representations, warranties, and
covenants of the Company in this Agreement and the representations, warranties, and covenants of the Purchasers in this Agreement. This
Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and is not for the
benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in Section 4.8 and this Section
5.8.

5.9
Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents
shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the
principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and
defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto
or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively
in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction
of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or
in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of
any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any Action or Proceeding, any claim that
it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such Action or Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient
venue for such Proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any
such Action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery)
to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and
sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process
in any other manner permitted by law. If any party shall commence an Action or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction
Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the Company under Section 4.8, the prevailing party in such Action or Proceeding shall
be reimbursed by the non-prevailing party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation,
preparation and prosecution of such Action or Proceeding.

5.10
Survival. The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Securities.

5.11
Execution. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one
and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party,
it being understood that the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by e-mail delivery
of a .pdf format data file (including any electronic signature covered by the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 200, Uniform Electronic
Transaction Act, the Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or other applicable law, e.g. www.docusign.com),, such signature shall create
a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect
as if such .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

5.12
Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to
be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall
remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially
reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated
by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would
have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared
invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

5.13
Rescission and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions
of) any of the other Transaction Documents, whenever any Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction
Document and the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then such Purchaser may
rescind or withdraw, in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election
in whole or in part without prejudice to its future actions and rights; provided, however, that, in the case of a rescission
of an exercise of a Pre-Funded Warrant, the applicable Purchaser shall be required to return any shares of Common Stock subject to any
such rescinded exercise notice concurrently with the return to such Purchaser of the aggregate exercise price paid to the Company for
such shares and the restoration of such Purchasers right to acquire such shares pursuant to such Purchasers Pre-Funded
Warrant (including, issuance of a replacement warrant certificate evidencing such restored right).

5.14
Replacement of Securities. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed,
the Company shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation),
or in lieu of and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to
the Company of such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also
pay any reasonable third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities.

5.15
Remedies. In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages,
each of the Purchasers and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that
monetary damages may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction
Documents and hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that
a remedy at law would be adequate.

5.16
Payment Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document
or a Purchaser enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise
or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by
or are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including,
without limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such
restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect
as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

5.17
Independent Nature of Purchasers Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document
are several and not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance
or non-performance of the obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other
Transaction Document, and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as
a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way
acting in concert or as a group with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each
Purchaser shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce its rights including, without limitation, the rights arising out of
this Agreement or out of the other Transaction Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional
party in any Proceeding for such purpose. Each Purchaser has been represented by its own separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation
of the Transaction Documents. For reasons of administrative convenience only, each Purchaser and its respective counsel have chosen to
communicate with the Company through EGS. EGS does not represent any of the Purchasers and only represents the Placement Agent. The Company
has elected to provide all Purchasers with the same terms and Transaction Documents for the convenience of the Company and not because
it was required or requested to do so by any of the Purchasers. It is expressly understood and agreed that each provision contained in
this Agreement and in each other Transaction Document is between the Company and a Purchaser, solely, and not between the Company and
the Purchasers collectively and not between and among the Purchasers.

5.18
Liquidated Damages. The Companys obligations to pay any partial liquidated damages or other amounts owing under the Transaction
Documents is a continuing obligation of the Company and shall not terminate until all unpaid partial liquidated damages and other amounts
have been paid notwithstanding the fact that the instrument or security pursuant to which such partial liquidated damages or other amounts
are due and payable shall have been canceled.

5.19
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business
Day.

5.20
Construction. The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise
the Transaction Documents and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against
the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each
and every reference to share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse
and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the
date of this Agreement.

5.21
WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY,
THE PARTIES EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY,
IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY. 

(Signature
Pages Follow)

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized
signatories as of the date first indicated above.

Azitra, Inc. Address
for Notice:

By: 

Name: E-Mail:

Title: 

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): 

[REMAINDER
OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

SIGNATURE
PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]

PURCHASER
SIGNATURE PAGES TO Azitra, Inc. SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories
as of the date first indicated above.

Name
of Purchaser: ________________________________________________________

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: _________________________________

Name
of Authorized Signatory: _______________________________________________

Title
of Authorized Signatory: ________________________________________________

Email
Address of Authorized Signatory: _________________________________________

Address
for Notice to Purchaser:

Address
for Delivery of Securities to Purchaser (if not same as address for notice):

Subscription
Amount: $_________________

Shares:
_________________

Pre-Funded
Warrant Shares: ___________ Beneficial Ownership Blocker 4.99% or 9.99%

EIN
Number: ____________________

Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, by checking this box (i) the obligations of the above-signed to
purchase the securities set forth in this Agreement to be purchased from the Company by the above-signed, and the obligations of the
Company to sell such securities to the above-signed, shall be unconditional and all conditions to Closing shall be disregarded, (ii)
the Closing shall occur on the first (1st) Trading Day following the date of this Agreement and (iii) any condition to Closing contemplated
by this Agreement (but prior to being disregarded by clause (i) above) that required delivery by the Company or the above-signed of any
agreement, instrument, certificate or the like or purchase price (as applicable) shall no longer be a condition and shall instead be
an unconditional obligation of the Company or the above-signed (as applicable) to deliver such agreement, instrument, certificate or
the like or purchase price (as applicable) to such other party on the Closing Date.

[SIGNATURE
PAGES CONTINUE]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.1

Azitra
Announces Pricing of $930.0 Thousand Registered Direct Offering of Common Stock

BRANFORD,
Conn., Feb. 4, 2025 /PRNewswire/ -- Azitra, Inc. (NYSE American: AZTR), a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company
focused on developing innovative therapies for precision dermatology, today announced that it has entered into a securities purchase
agreement with certain institutional investor(s) to purchase 3,339,300 shares of common stock at an offering price of $0.2785 per
share, in a registered direct offering. The gross proceeds for the offering are expected to be approximately $930.0 thousand before
deducting placement agent fees and other offering expenses. This offering is expected to close on February 5, 2025, subject to customary
closing conditions. Azitra intends to use the net proceeds of this offering for working capital and general corporate purposes.

Azitra
Logo (PRNewsfoto/Azitra, Inc.)

Maxim
Group LLC is acting as sole placement agent in connection with the offering.

The
offering is being made pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-280648), previously filed with
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on July 1, 2024, as amended, and declared effective on July
8, 2024. The shares may be offered only by means of a prospectus. A prospectus supplement and an accompanying prospectus relating to
the offering will be filed with the SEC and will be available on the SECs website at www.sec.gov. When available, copies
of the prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus, relating to the offering may also be obtained by contacting Maxim Group LLC,
at 300 Park Avenue, 16th Floor, New York, NY 10022, Attention: Prospectus Department, or by telephone at (212) 895-3745 or by email
at syndicate@maximgrp.com.

This
press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy these securities, nor shall there be any sale
of these securities in any state or other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration
or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction.

About
Azitra, Inc.

Azitra,
Inc. is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing innovative therapies for precision dermatology. The Companys
lead product, ATR-12, is an engineered strain of S. epidermidis designed to treat Netherton syndrome, a rare, chronic
skin disease with no approved treatment options. Netherton syndrome is often fatal in infancy with those living beyond a year having
profound lifelong challenges. ATR-12 is being evaluated in a Phase 1b clinical trial in adult Netherton syndrome patients.
ATR-04, Azitras next most advanced product, is being developed for the treatment of EGFR inhibitor (EGFRi) associated
rash. Azitra has received Fast Track designation from the FDA for EGFRi associated rash, which impacts approximately 150,000 people in
the U.S. Azitra has an open IND for a Phase 1/2 clinical trial with ATR-04 in patients with EGFRi associated rash. ATR-12 and ATR-04
were developed from Azitras proprietary platform of engineered proteins and topical live biotherapeutic products that includes
a microbial library comprised of approximately 1,500 bacterial strains. The platform is augmented by artificial intelligence and machine
learning technology that analyzes, predicts, and helps screen the library of strains for drug like molecules. For more information, please
visit https://azitrainc.com.

Forward-Looking
Statements:

This
press release may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and
Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These statements may be identified by words such as aims,
anticipates, believes, could, estimates, expects, forecasts,
goal, intends, may, plans, possible, potential, seeks,
will, and variations of these words or similar expressions that are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Any
such statements in this press release that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. These
forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements regarding the Companys ability to satisfy closing conditions
for the offering, the use of proceeds from the offering, the expected timing of the presentation of data from the Phase 1b study
of ATR-12, the filing of an IND application, and the presentation of data from our Phase 1b for ATR-04, the IND filing for
ATR-01, and statements about our clinical and pre-clinical programs, and corporate and clinical/pre-clinical strategies.

Any
forward-looking statements in this press release are based on current expectations, estimates and projections only as of the date of
this release and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely
from those set forth in or implied by such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to,
that we may fail to successfully complete our Phase 1b trial for ATR-12; we may experience delays in the initiation of our
Phase 1/2 trial for ATR-04; our product candidates may not be effective; there may be delays in regulatory approval or changes in regulatory
framework that are out of our control; our estimation of addressable markets of our product candidates may be inaccurate; we may fail
to timely raise additional required funding; more efficient competitors or more effective competing treatment may emerge; we may be involved
in disputes surrounding the use of our intellectual property crucial to our success; we may not be able to attract and retain key employees
and qualified personnel; earlier study results may not be predictive of later stage study outcomes; and we are dependent on third-parties
for some or all aspects of our product manufacturing, research and preclinical and clinical testing. Additional risks concerning Azitras programs
and operations are described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, subsequent Reports on Form 10-Q, and our other filings we make with the
SEC. Azitra explicitly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements except to the extent required by law.

Contact:

Norman
Staskey

Chief
Financial Officer

staskey@azitrainc.com

Tiberend
Strategic Advisors, Inc.

Jon
Nugent

205-566-3026

jnugent@tiberend.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex5-1_002.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex5-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>aztr-20250204.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>aztr-20250204_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>aztr-20250204_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 04, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 04, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41705

Entity Registrant Name AZITRA,
INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001701478

Entity Tax Identification Number 46-4478536

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 21
Business Park Drive

Entity Address, City or Town Branford

Entity Address, State or Province CT

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 06405

City Area Code (203)

Local Phone Number 646-6446

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, $0.0001 par value

Trading Symbol AZTR

Security Exchange Name NYSEAMER

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://azitrainc.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

aztr-20250204.xsd 
aztr-20250204_lab.xml 
aztr-20250204_pre.xml 
form8-k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-005103-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001701478 

2025-02-04 
2025-02-04 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001701478 
8-K 
2025-02-04 
AZITRA, INC. 
DE 
001-41705 
46-4478536 
21 Business Park Drive 
Branford 
CT 
06405 
(203) 
646-6446 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.0001 par value 
AZTR 
NYSEAMER 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>