<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001641172-25-003864.txt : 20250411
<SEC-HEADER>0001641172-25-003864.hdr.sgml : 20250411
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250411164726
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001641172-25-003864
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250407
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250411
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250411

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cycurion, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001868419
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING SERVICES [7371]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		EIN:				863720717
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41214
		FILM NUMBER:		25832779

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1640 BORO PLACE, FOURTH FLOOR
		CITY:			MCLEAN
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			10004
		BUSINESS PHONE:		888-341-6680

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1640 BORO PLACE, FOURTH FLOOR
		CITY:			MCLEAN
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			10004

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Western Acquisition Ventures Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210617
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000186841900018684192025-04-072025-04-070001868419CYCU:CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember2025-04-072025-04-070001868419CYCU:RedeemableWarrantsEachExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember2025-04-072025-04-07iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

United
States

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON,
DC 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT

TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (D) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): April
7, 2025

CYCURION,
INC.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Delaware 001-41214 86-3720717

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

1640 Boro Place, Fourth Floor

McLean, Virginia 22102

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area
code: (888)341-6680

Check the appropriate box below
if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered

Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share CYCU The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC

Redeemable warrants, each exercisable for one share of common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share CYCUW The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an
emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Equity Line of Credit

Equity Purchase Agreement

On April 7, 2025 (the Execution
Date), Cycurion, Inc. (the Company), entered into an equity purchase
agreement (Equity Purchase Agreement) with Yield Point NY LLC (the Investor).
Under the Equity Purchase Agreement, the Company has the right, but not the obligation, to direct the Investor to purchase up to $60,000,000
(the Maximum Commitment Amount) in shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (Common Stock), of
the Company upon satisfaction of certain terms and conditions contained in the Equity Purchase Agreement, including, without limitation,
an effective registration statement filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) registering the resale
of the shares of Put Stock (defined below) and
the shares of Commitment Stock (defined below)
and additional shares to be sold to the Investor from time to time under the Equity Purchase Agreement. The term of the Equity Purchase
Agreement began on the Execution Date and ends on the earlier of (i) the date on which the Investor shall have purchased shares of Common
Stock issued, or that the Company shall be entitled to issue, per any applicable Put Notice in accordance with the terms and conditions
of the Equity Purchase Agreement (the Put Stock)
equal to the Maximum Commitment Amount, (ii) the date that is twelve (12) months from the date the registration statement is declared
effective, (iii) written notice of termination by the Company to the Investor (which shall not occur at any time that the Investor holds
any of the shares of Put Stock), or (iv) written
notice of termination by the Investor to the Company pursuant to (the Commitment Period).

During the Commitment Period, the Company
may direct the Investor to purchase shares of Put Stock
by delivering a notice (a Put Notice) to the Investor. The Company shall, in its sole discretion, select the number
of shares of Put Stock requested by the Company
in each Put Notice. However, such amount may not exceed the Maximum Put Amount (as defined in the Equity Purchase Agreement). The purchase
price to be paid by the Investor for the shares of Put Stock
will be ninety percent (90%) of the lowest trade of the Common Stock on the Principal Market during the Valuation Period (as
defined in the Equity Purchase Agreement).

In consideration for the Investors
execution and delivery of, and performance under the Equity Purchase Agreement, on the Execution Date, the Company in its discretion
shall either (i) pay to the Investor in cash $1,800,000 (Commitment Cash) or (ii) issue a pre-funded warrant (the Pre-Funded
Warrant) to the Investor in a form acceptable to the Investor in its sole discretion
and having an exercise price per share of $0.0001, for the Investors purchase of
shares of Common Stock (the Commitment Stock) having a value of $1,800,000
based on closing price of the Common Stock on April 6,
2025. All of the shares of Commitment Stock were
fully earned as of the Execution Date, and the issuance of the shares of Commitment Stock
is not contingent upon any other event or condition, including, without limitation, the effectiveness of the Initial
Registration Statement (defined below) or the Companys submission of a Put Notice to
the Investor and irrespective of any termination of the Equity Purchase Agreement.

Under the Equity Purchase Agreement,
the Company is obligated to file with the SEC, on or before May
7, 2025, a registration statement on Form S-1 (the Initial Registration Statement) covering only the resale of the
shares of Put Stock and Commitment Stock
and is to use its best efforts to have the Initial
Registration declared no later than July 7, 2025.

The Equity Purchase Agreement contains
customary representations, warranties, agreements, and conditions to completing future sale
transactions, indemnification rights and obligations of the parties. Among other things, the Investor represented to the Company, that
it is an accredited investor (as such term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D under the Securities Act).

Pre-Funded Warrant

The Pre-Funded Warrant certifies that,
for value received, the Investor is entitled to be issued up to 4,500,000 shares of Common
Stock and has an initial exercise price of $0.0001 per share. The pre-funded warrants may
not be exercised if the aggregate number of shares of the Common Stock beneficially owned by the holder would exceed 4.99% immediately
after exercise thereof, which ownership cap may be increased by the holder up to 9.99% upon 61 days prior notice.

Registration Rights Agreement

On April 7, 2025 (the RRA Execution
Date), in connection with the Equity Purchase Agreement, the Company entered into a
registration rights agreement with the Investor (the Registration Rights Agreement), pursuant to which the Company shall,
by May 7, 2025, file with the SEC the Initial Registration Statement covering the maximum
number of (i) shares of Commitment Stock, (ii)
shares of Put Stock, which have been, or which
may, from time to time be issued, including without limitation all of the shares of Common Stock which have been issued or will be issued
to the Investor under the Equity Purchase Agreement (without regard to any limitation or restriction on purchases),
and (iii) any and all shares of capital stock issued or issuable with respect to the Put Stock,
Commitment Stock, and the Equity Purchase Agreement as a result of any stock split, combination,
stock dividend, recapitalization, exchange, or similar event, or otherwise, without regard
to any limitation on purchases under the Equity Purchase Agreement (the Registrable Securities), as shall be permitted
to be included thereon in accordance with applicable SEC rules, regulations, and interpretations so as to permit the resale of the
Registrable Securities by the Investor, including, but not limited to, under Rule 415 at then-prevailing market prices (and not fixed
prices). The Initial Registration Statement shall register only Registrable Securities. The Company shall use its commercial best efforts
to have the Initial Registration Statement and any amendment thereto declared effective by the SEC at the earliest possible date, but
in no event later than July 7, 2025.

The foregoing summary of the terms and
conditions of each of the Equity Purchase Agreement, Pre-Funded Warrant, and Registration
Rights Agreement is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of such agreement, copies of which are filed
as Exhibits 10.23, 10.24, and 10.25, respectively,
to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.1 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit No. Description

10.23 

Equity Purchase Agreement, dated April 7, 2025

10.24 Pre-Funded Warrant

10.25 Registration Rights Agreement, dated April 7, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

CYCURION, INC.

Date: April 11, 2025 By: /s/ L. Kevin Kelly

Name: L. Kevin Kelly

Title: Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.23
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-23.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.23 

EQUITY
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

THIS
EQUITY PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is entered into as of April 7, 2025 (the Execution Date),
by and between Cycurion, Inc., a corporation incorporated in the State of Delaware (the Company), and Yield Point
NY LLC, a New York limited liability company (the Investor).

RECITALS

WHEREAS,
the parties desire that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions contained herein, the Company may issue and sell to the Investor,
from time to time as provided herein, and the Investor may purchase from the Company up to Sixty Million Dollars ($60,000,000.00) of
the Companys Common Stock (as defined below);

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt
and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Investor hereby agree as follows:

ARTICLE
I

CERTAIN
DEFINITIONS

Section
1.1 RECITALS. The parties acknowledge and agree that the recitals set forth above are true and correct and are hereby incorporated
in and made a part of this Agreement.

Section
1.2 DEFINED TERMS. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings specified or indicated (such
meanings to be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined):

Agreement
shall have the meaning specified in the preamble hereof.

Available
Amount means, initially, the Maximum Commitment Amount, which amount shall be reduced by the Investment Amount following each
successful Closing, each time the Investor purchases Put Shares.

Average
Daily Trading Volume shall mean the average trading volume of the Common Stock on the applicable Trading Days.

Bankruptcy
Law means Title 11, U.S. Code, or any similar federal or state law for the relief of debtors.

Beneficial
Ownership Limitation shall have the meaning specified in Section 7.2(g).

Cancellable
Commitment Share Amount shall have the meaning specified in Section 6.4.

Claim
Notice shall have the meaning specified in Section 9.3(a).

Clearing
Costs shall mean, in respect of any Put Notice, 7% of the applicable Purchase Price.

Clearing
Date shall be the date on which the Investor receives the Put Shares as DWAC Shares in its brokerage account.

Closing
shall mean one of the closings of a purchase and sale of Common Stock pursuant to Section 2.3.

1

Closing
Certificate shall mean the closing Officers Certificate of the Company in the form of Exhibit B
hereto.

Closing
Date shall mean the date of any Closing hereunder.

Commitment
Cash has the meaning set forth in Section 6.4.

Commitment
Fee means either the Commitment Cash or the Commitment Shares.

Commitment
Period shall mean the period commencing on the Execution Date, and ending on the earlier of (i) the date on which the Investor
shall have purchased Put Shares pursuant to this Agreement equal to the Maximum Commitment Amount, (ii) the date that is twelve (12)
months from the date the Registration Statement is declared effective, (iii) written notice of termination by the Company to the
Investor (which shall not occur at any time that the Investor holds any of the Put Shares), or (iv) written notice of termination by
the Investor to the Company pursuant to Section 6.1 or Section 6.4.

Commitment
Shares means Common Stock issued by the Company to the Investor pursuant to Section 6.4.

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, having a par value per share of $0.0001, and any shares of any other class of
common stock of the Company whether now or hereafter authorized, having the right to participate in the distribution of dividends (as
and when declared) and assets (upon liquidation of the Company).

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Company
shall have the meaning specified in the preamble to this Agreement.

Company
Termination Notice shall have the meaning specified in Section 10.6.

Condition
Satisfaction Date shall have the meaning specified in the form of Exhibit B hereto.

Confidential
Information means any information disclosed by either party to this Agreement, or their affiliates, agents, or representatives,
to the other party to this Agreement, either directly or indirectly, in writing, orally or by inspection of tangible objects (including,
without limitation, documents, formulae, business information, trade secrets, technology, strategies, prototypes, samples, plant, and
equipment), which may or may not be designated as Confidential, Proprietary or some similar designation.
Information communicated orally shall be considered Confidential Information. Confidential Information may also include information disclosed
by third parties. Confidential Information shall not, however, include any information which (i) was publicly known and made generally
available in the public domain prior to the time of disclosure by the disclosing party; (ii) becomes publicly known and made generally
available after disclosure by the disclosing party to the receiving party through no fault, action or inaction of the receiving party;
(iii) is already in the possession of the receiving party at the time of disclosure by the disclosing party as shown by the receiving
partys files and records immediately prior to the time of disclosure; (iv) is obtained by the receiving party from a third party
without a breach of such third-partys obligations of confidentiality; (v) is independently developed by the receiving party without
use of or reference to the disclosing partys Confidential Information, as shown by documents and other competent evidence in the
receiving partys possession; or (vi) is required by law to be disclosed by the receiving party; provided that the receiving party
gives the disclosing party prompt written notice of such requirement prior to such disclosure and assistance in obtaining an order protecting
the information from public disclosure.

2

Cover
Price shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.3(b).

Current
Report shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.3.

Custodian
means any receiver, trustee, assignee, liquidator, or similar official under any Bankruptcy Law.

Damages
shall mean any loss, claim, damage, liability, cost, and expense (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees and
disbursements and costs and expenses of expert witnesses and investigation).

Dispute
Period shall have the meaning specified in Section 9.3(a).

Disqualification
Event shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.27.

DTC
shall mean The Depository Trust Company, or any successor performing substantially the same function for the Company.

DTC/FAST
Program shall mean the DTCs Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program.

DWAC
shall mean Deposit and Withdrawal at Custodian service, as defined by the DTC.

DWAC
Eligible shall mean that, (a) the Common Stock is eligible at DTC for full services pursuant to DTCs operational arrangements,
including, without limitation, transfer through DTCs DWAC system, (b) the Company has been approved by the DTCs underwriting
department, (c) the Transfer Agent is approved as an agent in the DTC/FAST Program, (d) the Commitment Shares or Put Shares, as applicable,
are otherwise eligible for delivery via DWAC, and (e) the Transfer Agent does not have a policy prohibiting or limiting delivery of the
Put Shares or Commitment Shares, as applicable, via DWAC; provided that the Investor acknowledges and agrees that the Transfer Agent
does not have such policy as of the date hereof.

DWAC
Shares means shares of Common Stock that are (i) issued in electronic form, (ii) freely tradable and transferable and without
restriction on resale, and (iii) timely credited by the Company to the Investors or its designees specified DWAC account
with DTC under the DTC/FAST Program, or any similar program hereafter adopted by DTC performing substantially the same function.

Eligible
Market means the Principal Market or any nationally recognized exchange upon which the Common Stock is listed.

Excess
Purchase Amount shall have the meaning specified in the form of Exhibit A hereto.

Exchange
Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Execution
Date shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement.

FINRA
shall mean the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.

Indemnified
Party shall have the meaning specified in Section 9.2.

Indemnifying
Party shall have the meaning specified in Section 9.2.

Indemnity
Notice shall have the meaning specified in Section 9.3(b).

Initial
Commitment Share Amount shall have the meaning specified in Section 6.4.

3

Intellectual
Property shall mean all trademarks, trademark applications, trade names, service marks, service mark registrations, service
names, patents, patent applications, patent rights, copyrights, inventions, licenses, approvals, government authorizations, trade secrets
or other intellectual property rights.

Investment
Amount shall mean the dollar value equal to the amount of Put Shares referenced in the Put Notice multiplied by the Purchase
Price minus the Clearing Costs.

Investor
shall have the meaning specified in the preamble to this Agreement.

Issuer
Covered Person shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.27.

JAMS
shall have the meaning specified in Section 10.2.

Lien
means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or any other restriction.

Material
Adverse Effect shall mean any effect on the business, operations, properties, or financial condition of the Company and/or
the Subsidiaries that is material and adverse to the Company and/or the Subsidiaries and/or any condition, circumstance, or situation
that would prohibit or otherwise materially interfere with the ability of the Company and/or the Subsidiaries to enter into and/or perform
its obligations under any Transaction Document and which shall be deemed to include any investigation of the Company, its directors or
its officers by the SEC.

Maximum
Commitment Amount shall mean Sixty Million Dollars ($60,000,000.00).

Maximum
Put Amount shall mean the lesser of (i) seventy-five percent (75%) of the Average Daily Trading Volume over the five (5) Trading
Days preceding the applicable Put Date, (ii) twenty-five percent (25%) of the Average Daily Trading Volume on the applicable Put Date,
and (iii) number of shares equal to the quotient (rounded up or down to the nearest whole number) obtained by dividing (x) 500,000 by
(y) the last closing price on the applicable Put Date (in each case to be appropriately adjusted for any reorganization, recapitalization,
non-cash dividend, stock split, reverse stock split or other similar transaction during the applicable period).

Person
shall mean an individual, a corporation, a partnership, an association, a trust or other entity or organization, including a government
or political subdivision or an agency or instrumentality thereof.

Principal
Market shall mean The Nasdaq Global Market.

Purchase
Price shall mean ninety (90%) of the lowest trade of the Common Stock on the Principal Market during the Valuation Period.

Put
shall mean the right of the Company to require the Investor to purchase Common Stock at the Purchase Price, subject to the terms and
conditions of this Agreement.

Put
Date shall mean any Trading Day during the Commitment Period that a Put Notice is deemed delivered pursuant to Section
2.2(b).

Put
Notice shall mean a written notice, substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto, addressed to the Investor and setting
forth the amount of Put Shares which the Company intends to require the Investor to purchase pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

Put
Notice Delivery Window shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.2(b).

4

Put
Shares shall mean all shares of Common Stock issued, or that the Company shall be entitled to issue, per any applicable Put
Notice in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

Reference
VWAP Price shall have the meaning specified in Section 6.4.

Registration
Rights Agreement means that agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D.

Registration
Statement shall have the meaning specified in Section 6.3.

Regulation
D shall mean Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act.

Rule
144 shall mean Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act or any similar provision then in force under the Securities Act.

Rules
shall have the meaning specified in Section 10.2.

SEC
shall mean the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

SEC
Documents shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.5.

Securities
means, collectively, the Put Shares and the Commitment Shares.

Securities
Act shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Share
Delivery Deadline shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.3(a).

Short
Sales shall mean all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act, including
all short positions effected through any direct or indirect share pledges (other than pledges in the ordinary course of business as part
of prime brokerage arrangements), forward sale contracts, options, puts, calls, swaps and similar arrangements and any hedging transaction
that establishes a net short position with respect to the Common Stock.

Subsidiary
or Subsidiaries means any Person the Company wholly-owns or controls, or in which the Company, directly or indirectly,
owns a majority of the voting stock or similar voting interest, in each case that would be disclosable pursuant to Item 601(b)(21) of
Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act.

Third-Party
Claim shall have the meaning specified in Section 9.3(a).

Trading
Day means any full trading day (beginning at 9:30:01 a.m., New York City time, and ending at 4:00 p.m., New York City time)
on the Principal Market or, if the Common Stock is then listed on an Eligible Market, on such Eligible Market.

Transaction
Documents shall mean this Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement, the Transfer Agent Instruction Letter, and all schedules
and exhibits hereto and thereto.

Transfer
Agent shall mean Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, the current transfer agent of the Company, and any successor transfer agent
of the Company.

Transfer
Agent Instruction Letter means the letter from the Company to the Transfer Agent which instructs the Transfer Agent to issue
the Put Shares and the Commitment Shares pursuant to the Transaction Documents, in the form of Exhibit C attached hereto.

Valuation
Period shall mean the period of three (3) consecutive Trading Days immediately following the applicable Put Date, during which
the Purchase Price of the Common Stock is set.

5

Variable
Rate Transaction shall have the meaning specified in Section 7.2(q).

VWAP
means, for the Common Stock as of any Trading Day, the dollar volume-weighted average price for the Common Stock on the Principal Market
(or, if the Common Stock is then listed on an Eligible Market, on such Eligible Market) during the period beginning at 9:30:01 a.m.,
New York City time, or such other time publicly announced by the Principal Market (or by such Eligible Market, as applicable) as the
official open (or commencement) of trading on the Principal Market (or on such Eligible Market, as applicable) on such Trading Day, and
ending at 4:00 p.m., New York City time, or such other time publicly announced by the Principal Market (or by such Eligible Market, as
applicable) as the official close of trading on the Principal Market (or on such Eligible Market, as applicable) on such Trading Day,
as reported by Bloomberg through its AQR function or, if no dollar volume-weighted average price is reported for the Common
Stock by Bloomberg through its AQR function for such hours, the average of the highest closing bid price and the lowest
closing ask price of any of the market makers for such security on such Trading Day as reported by OTC Markets Group Inc. All such determinations
shall be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, recapitalization, or other similar transaction
during such period.

ARTICLE
II

PURCHASE
AND SALE OF SHARES OF COMMON STOCK

Section
2.1 PUTS. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein (including, without limitation, the provisions of Article VII),
the Company shall have the right, but not the obligation, to direct the Investor, to process a Put by its delivery to the Investor of
a Put Notice from time to time during the Commitment Period, to purchase Put Shares; provided that, notwithstanding any other terms of
this Agreement, in each instance, (i) the Put Shares are not more than the Maximum Put Amount for any Put; (ii) the aggregate Investment
Amount of all Puts shall not exceed the Maximum Commitment Amount; (iii) at least one (1) Trading Day has elapsed since the most recent
Closing Date of Put; and (iv) all Common Stock resulting from prior submitted Put Notices for Puts has been delivered. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Company and the Investor may agree in respect of any Put that the amount of Put Shares in respect of such Put may
exceed the applicable Maximum Put Amount.

Section
2.2 MECHANICS.

(a)
PUT NOTICE. At any time and from time to time during the Commitment Period, except as provided in this Agreement, the Company
may cause a Put by delivering a Put Notice to the Investor via e-mail, subject to satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section
2.1, Section 7.2 and otherwise provided in this Agreement. The Company shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, the Put Shares
as DWAC Shares to the Investor as required pursuant to Section 2.3(a).

(b)
DATE OF DELIVERY OF PUT NOTICE. A Put Notice shall be deemed delivered on a Trading Day if it is received by e-mail by the Investor
if such notice is received on or after 4:00 p.m., New York City time, and prior to 6:30 p.m., New York City time, on such Trading Day
(Put Notice Delivery Window) and shall be confirmed by Investor by 8:00 p.m., New York City time. If a Put Notice
is not confirmed by the Investor to the Company no later than 8:00 p.m., New York City time, on the Trading Day it was received; provided
that if such Put Notice received outside of the Put Notice Delivery Window is not confirmed as accepted by 8:00 p.m., New York City time,
on such Trading Day, the Put Notice will be deemed withdrawn.

6

Section
2.3 CLOSINGS.

(a)
TIMING. The Clearing Date of a Put shall occur on the Trading Day following the delivery of the applicable Put Notice in accordance
with Section 2.2(b), whereby the Company shall use its best efforts to deliver, or cause to be delivered, the Put Shares as DWAC
Shares to the Investor on such Trading Day by 9:30 a.m., New York City time, and shall deliver or cause to be delivered such Put Shares
no later than 10:30 a.m., New York City time (the Share Delivery Deadline); provided that the Investor shall have
validly posted a DWAC receive to accept the shares into the brokerage account for a minimum period commencing at 8:30 a.m. to 10:30 a.m.,
New York City time, on such Trading Day. The Closing of a Put shall occur one (1) Trading Day following the end of the Valuation Period.
In addition, on or prior to any such Closing or on the date of the delivery of the applicable Put Notice, as required pursuant to Sections
7.1 and 7.2, each of the Company and the Investor shall deliver to each other all documents, instruments and writings required
to be delivered or reasonably requested by either of them pursuant to this Agreement in order to implement and effect the transactions
contemplated herein. In addition to any other rights available to the Investor, unless the Investor shall not have validly posted such
a DWAC receive, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Investor Put Shares pursuant to a Put Notice before
the applicable Share Delivery Deadline, the Investor may elect to deem such Put Notice rescinded. Payment of the Investment Amount related
to any Put Notice shall be made by the Investor by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated by the Company
not later than one (1) Trading Day following the end of the applicable Valuation Period, as may be adjusted for any credit of a Cover
Price available to the Investor in accordance with Section 2.3(b).

(b)
Compensation for Failure to Timely Deliver PUT Shares. In addition to any other
rights available to the Investor, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Investor Put Shares pursuant to
a Put Notice before the applicable Share Delivery Deadline in accordance with Section 2.3(a) or Section 2.4, and, if on or after such
Share Delivery Deadline, the Investor purchases (in an open market transaction or otherwise) shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction
of a sale by the Investor of such Put Shares that the Investor anticipated receiving from the Company in respect of such Put Notice,
then the Company shall, within two (2) Trading Days after the Investors request, either (i) pay cash to the Investor in an amount
equal to the Investors total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the Common Stock so purchased (the Cover
Price), at which point the Companys obligation to deliver such Put Shares shall terminate, (ii) promptly honor its
obligation to deliver to the Investor such Put Shares as DWAC Shares and pay cash to the Investor in an amount equal to the excess (if
any) of the Cover Price over the total Investment Amount paid by the Investor in connection with such Put Notice, or (iii) be deemed
to have accepted notice that such Cover Price shall be credited as the Investment Amount to be paid in respect of one or more subsequent
Put Notices, in the discretion of the Investor. The Investor shall provide the Company with written notice indicating the amounts payable
to the Investor in respect of the Cover Price and evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit the Investors
right to pursue a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver
shares of Common Stock in connection with a Put Notice.

(c)
RETURN OF SURPLUS. If the value of the Put Shares delivered to the Investor causes the Company to exceed the Maximum Commitment
Amount, then the Investor shall return to the Company the surplus amount of Put Shares associated with such Put, and the Purchase Price
with respect to such Put shall be reduced by any Clearing Costs related to the return of such Put Shares at the time of payment of the
Investment Amount.

(d)
RESALES DURING VALUATION PERIOD. The parties acknowledge and agree that, during a Valuation Period, the Investor may contract
for, or otherwise effect, the resale of the subject purchased Put Shares to third parties so long as such resale complies with applicable
securities laws.

Section
2.4 OPTIONAL ADDITIONAL PUT SHARES. Following the Put Date in respect of any Put, at any time during the Valuation Period relating
to such Put, the Company and Investor may agree to increase the amount of Put Shares relating to such Put. Such mutual agreement may
be made after the relevant Put Notice is delivered and before the expiration of the Valuation Period. Following any such agreement the
Company agrees that it shall deliver, or cause to be delivered any such additional Put Shares as DWAC Shares to the Investor on the Trading
Day following the date the Company and Investor shall have agreed to such increase by 9:30 a.m., New York City time but in no event later
than 10:30 a.m. New York City time; provided that the Investor shall have validly posted a DWAC receive to accept the shares into the
brokerage account for a minimum period commencing at 8:30 a.m. to 10:30 a.m., New York City time, on such Trading Day. A failure to deliver
such additional Put Shares by such time shall entitle the Investor to the rights set forth in Section 2.3(b) in respect of such
failure.

7

ARTICLE
III

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF INVESTOR

The
Investor represents and warrants to the Company that:

Section
3.1 INTENT. The Investor is entering into this Agreement for its own account, and the Investor has no present arrangement (whether
or not legally binding) at any time to sell the Securities to or through any Person in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable
state securities laws; provided, however, that the Investor reserves the right to dispose of the Securities at any time
in accordance and in compliance with federal and state securities laws applicable to such disposition.

Section
3.2 NO LEGAL ADVICE FROM THE COMPANY. The Investor acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement with its own legal counsel and investment and tax advisors. Except with respect to the representations,
warranties and covenants contained in this Agreement, the Investor is relying solely on such counsel and advisors and not on any statements
or representations of the Company or any of its representatives or agents for legal, tax or investment advice with respect to this investment,
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the securities laws of any jurisdiction.

Section
3.3 ACCREDITED INVESTOR. The Investor is an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(3) of Regulation D, and the Investor
has such experience in business and financial matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in the Securities.
The Investor acknowledges that an investment in the Securities is speculative and involves a high degree of risk.

Section
3.4 AUTHORITY. The Investor has the requisite power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement
and the other Transaction Documents and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The execution and delivery of
this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have
been duly authorized by all necessary action and no further consent or authorization of the Investor is required. Each Transaction Document
to which it is a party has been duly executed by the Investor, and when delivered by the Investor in accordance with the terms hereof,
will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Investor enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors rights and remedies
or by other equitable principles of general application.

Section
3.5 NOT AN AFFILIATE. The Investor is not an officer or director or an affiliate (as such term is defined in Rule
405 of the Securities Act) of the Company.

Section
3.6 ORGANIZATION AND STANDING. The Investor is an entity duly formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of
the jurisdiction of its formation with full right, limited liability company power and authority to enter into and to consummate the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents.

Section
3.7 ABSENCE OF CONFLICTS. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, and the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and compliance with the requirements hereof and thereof, will not (a) violate any
law, rule, regulation, order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree or award binding on the Investor, (b) violate any provision of any indenture,
instrument or agreement to which the Investor is a party or is subject, or by which the Investor or any of its assets is bound, or conflict
with or constitute a material default thereunder, (c) result in the creation or imposition of any lien pursuant to the terms of any such
indenture, instrument or agreement, or constitute a breach of any fiduciary duty owed by the Investor to any third party, or (d) require
the approval of any third party (that has not been obtained) pursuant to any material contract, instrument, agreement, relationship or
legal obligation to which the Investor is subject or to which any of its assets, operations or management may be subject.

8

Section
3.8 DISCLOSURE; ACCESS TO INFORMATION. The Investor had an opportunity to review copies of the SEC Documents filed on behalf of
the Company, has had access to all publicly available information with respect to the Company and has had an opportunity to discuss with
Company management and ask questions relating to everything it deems relevant; provided, however, that the Investor makes
no representation or warranty hereunder with respect to any SEC Document and is relying on the representations and warranties of the
Company in Article IV with respect to the SEC Documents.

Section
3.9 MANNER OF SALE. At no time was the Investor presented with or solicited by or through any leaflet, public promotional meeting,
television advertisement or any other form of general solicitation or advertisement regarding the Securities.

Section
3.10 NO MARKET MANIPULATION. Neither the Investor, nor any of its Affiliates has, and to its knowledge no Person acting on either
of their behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation
of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased,
or paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation
for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company.

ARTICLE
IV

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

The
Company represents and warrants to the Investor that, except as set forth in the disclosure schedules hereto, as of the Execution Date,
each date a Put Notice is submitted and at each Closing Date:

Section
4.1 ORGANIZATION OF THE COMPANY. The Company is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the
laws of the State of Delaware, with the requisite power and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business
as currently conducted. Each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and authority to own and use
its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is not in violation
or default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter
documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation
or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary,
except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could not have or reasonably be expected to result
in a Material Adverse Effect and no proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking
to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.

Section
4.2 AUTHORITY. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents by the
Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate
action and no further consent or authorization of the Company or its board of directors or stockholders is required. Each of this Agreement
and the other Transaction Documents has been duly executed and delivered by the Company and constitutes a valid and binding obligation
of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors rights and remedies
or by other equitable principles of general application.

9

Section
4.3 CAPITALIZATION. The authorized capital stock of the Company is as set forth on Schedule 4.3. Except as set forth in
the SEC Documents or on Schedule 4.3, the Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed periodic report
under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options under the Companys stock option plans, the
issuance of shares of Common Stock to employees pursuant to the Companys employee stock purchase plans and pursuant to the conversion
and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange
Act. No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except as set forth in the SEC Documents or on Schedule 4.3, and except as a result
of the purchase and sale of the Securities, there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments
of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or
giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire any shares of Common Stock, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements
by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents.
The issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person
(other than the Investor) and will not result in a right of any holder of Company securities to adjust the exercise, conversion, exchange
or reset price under any of such securities. There are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with
respect to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any
of the Companys stockholders.

Section
4.4 LISTING AND MAINTENANCE REQUIREMENTS. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act,
and the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect to, terminate the registration
of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act, nor has the Company received any notification that the SEC is contemplating terminating such
registration. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.4(a), the Company has not, in the twelve (12) months preceding the Execution Date,
received notice from the Principal Market to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing or maintenance requirements
of such Principal Market. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.4(b), the Company is, and has no reason to believe that it will not
in the foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance with all such listing and maintenance requirements.

Section
4.5 SEC DOCUMENTS; DISCLOSURE. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.5, the Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms,
statements and other documents required to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant
to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the one (1) year preceding the Execution Date (or such shorter period as the Company was required
by law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference
therein, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Documents) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension
of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Documents prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates,
the SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable,
and other federal laws, rules and regulations applicable to such SEC Documents, and none of the SEC Documents when filed contained any
untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The financial statements of the Company
included in the SEC Documents comply as to form and substance in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the
published rules and regulations of the SEC or other applicable rules and regulations with respect thereto. Such financial statements
have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved
(except (a) as may be otherwise indicated in such financial statements or the notes thereto or (b) in the case of unaudited interim statements,
to the extent they may not include footnotes or may be condensed or summary statements) and fairly present in all material respects the
financial position of the Company as of the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject,
in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments). The Company maintains a system of internal accounting
controls appropriate for its size. There is no transaction, arrangement, or other relationship between the Company and an unconsolidated
or other off-balance-sheet-entity that is not disclosed by the Company in its financial statements or otherwise that would be reasonably
likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by
the Transaction Documents, the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided the Investor or
its agents or counsel with any information that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information. The Company
understands and confirms that the Investor will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.

10

Section
4.6 VALID ISSUANCES. The Securities are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable Transaction
Documents, will be validly issued, fully paid, and non-assessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company, other than restrictions
on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents and under the Securities Act.

Section
4.7 NO CONFLICTS. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents by the Company,
and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including, without limitation, the issuance
of the Put Shares and the Commitment Shares, do not and will not: (a) result in a violation of the Companys or any Subsidiarys
certificate or articles of incorporation, by-laws or other organizational or charter documents, (b) conflict with, or constitute a material
default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a material default) under, result in the creation of any
Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration
or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture, instrument or any lock-up or similar provision of any underwriting or similar
agreement to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party, or (c) result in a violation of any federal, state or local law, rule, regulation,
order, judgment or decree (including federal and state securities laws and regulations) applicable to the Company or any Subsidiary or
by which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected (except for such conflicts, defaults, terminations,
amendments, accelerations, cancellations and violations as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect),
nor is the Company otherwise in violation of, conflict with or in default under any of the foregoing. The business of the Company is
not being conducted in violation of any law, ordinance, or regulation of any governmental entity. The Company is not required under federal,
state or local law, rule or regulation to obtain any consent, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with, any
court or governmental agency in order for it to execute, deliver or perform any of its obligations under this Agreement or the other
Transaction Documents (other than any Eligible Market, SEC, FINRA or state securities filings or submissions that may be required to
be made by the Company in connection with the issuance of the Commitment Shares, Put Shares or subsequent to any Closing or any registration
statement that may be filed pursuant hereto); provided that, for purposes of the representation made in this sentence, the Company is
assuming and relying upon the accuracy of the relevant representations and agreements of the Investor herein.

Section
4.8 NO MATERIAL ADVERSE CHANGE. No event has occurred that would have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company or any Subsidiary
that has not been disclosed in subsequent SEC filings.

Section
4.9 LITIGATION AND OTHER PROCEEDINGS. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.9, there are no actions, suits, investigations,
inquiries, or proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or
any of their respective properties, nor has the Company received any written or oral notice of any such action, suit, proceeding, inquiry,
or investigation, which would have a Material Adverse Effect or would require disclosure under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.
No judgment, order, writ, injunction or decree or award has been issued by or, to the knowledge of the Company, requested of any court,
arbitrator or governmental agency which would have a Material Adverse Effect. There has not been and, to the knowledge of the Company,
there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the SEC involving the Company, any Subsidiary, or any current or former director
or officer of the Company or any Subsidiary.

11

Section
4.10 REGISTRATION RIGHTS. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.10, no Person (other than the Investor) has any right to cause
the Company to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company or any Subsidiary.

Section
4.11 INVESTORS STATUS. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Investor is acting solely in the capacity of arms-length
purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The Company further acknowledges
that the Investor is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to the Transaction
Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and any advice given by the Investor or any of its representatives or
agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby is merely incidental to the
Investors purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to the Investor that the Companys decision to enter
into the Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation by the Company and its representatives and advisors.

Section
4.12 NO GENERAL SOLICITATION; NO INTEGRATED OFFERING. Neither the Company, any Subsidiary, nor any of their respective affiliates,
nor any Person acting on their behalf, has engaged in any form of general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of
Regulation D under the Securities Act) in connection with the offer or sale of the Securities. Neither the Company, any Subsidiary, nor
any of their respective affiliates, nor any Person acting on their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any
security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would require registration of the offer and sale of any
of the Securities under the Securities Act, whether through integration with prior offerings or otherwise.

Section
4.13 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS. The Company and each Subsidiary owns or possesses adequate rights or licenses to use all material
trademarks, trade names, service marks, service mark registrations, service names, patents, patent rights, copyrights, inventions, licenses,
approvals, governmental authorizations, trade secrets and rights necessary to conduct their respective businesses as now conducted. None
of the Companys, nor any Subsidiarys Intellectual Property has expired or been terminated, or, by the terms and conditions
thereof, could expire or terminate within three years from the date of this Agreement if such expiration or termination could reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company does not have any knowledge of any infringement by the Company and/or any
Subsidiary of any material Intellectual Property of others, or of any such development of similar or identical trade secrets or technical
information by others, and there is no claim, action or proceeding being made or brought against, or to the Companys knowledge,
being threatened against, the Company and/or any Subsidiary regarding the infringement of any Intellectual Property, which could reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section
4.14 [RESERVED]

Section
4.15 TITLE. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents, the Company and each Subsidiary has good and marketable title in fee simple
to all real property owned by it and good and marketable title in all personal property owned by it that is material to the business
of the Company and each Subsidiary, in each case free and clear of all Liens and, except for Liens as do not materially affect the value
of such property and do not materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company or any Subsidiary
and Liens for the payment of federal, state or other taxes, the payment of which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any
real property and facilities held under lease by the Company or any Subsidiary is held under valid, subsisting, and enforceable leases
with which the Company is in compliance with such exceptions as are not material and do not interfere with the use made and proposed
to be made of such property and buildings by the Company or any Subsidiary.

12

Section
4.16 INSURANCE. The Company and each Subsidiary is insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses
and risks and in such amounts as management of the Company believes to be prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company
and each Subsidiary is engaged. Neither the Company, nor any Subsidiary has been refused any insurance coverage sought or applied for,
and the Company has no reason to believe that it or any Subsidiary will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when
such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business at a cost that
would not materially and adversely affect the condition, financial or otherwise, or the earnings, business or operations of the Company,
taken as a whole.

Section
4.17 REGULATORY PERMITS. The Company and each Subsidiary possesses all material certificates, authorizations and permits issued
by the appropriate federal, state, or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct its businesses, and neither the Company, nor
any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any such certificate, authorization,
or permit.

Section
4.18 TAX STATUS. The Company and each Subsidiary has made or filed all federal and state income and all other material tax returns,
reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject (unless and only to the extent that the Company has set
aside on its books provisions reasonably adequate for the payment of all unpaid and unreported taxes) and has paid all taxes and other
governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations,
except those being contested in good faith and has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all taxes
for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material
amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company know of no basis for any such claim.

Section
4.19 TRANSACTIONS WITH AFFILIATES. Except as set forth in the SEC Documents, none of the officers or directors of the Company
or any Subsidiary, and to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to
any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract,
agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to
or from, or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity
in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee or partner, in each
case in excess of the lesser of (i) $120,000 or (ii) one percent of the average of the Companys total assets at year-end for the
last two completed fiscal years, other than for (i) payment of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for
expenses incurred on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary and (iii) other employee benefits, including stock option agreements under
any stock option plan of the Company.

Section
4.20 APPLICATION OF TAKEOVER PROTECTIONS. The Company and its board of directors have taken or will take prior to the Execution
Date all necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including
any distribution under a rights agreement) or other similar anti-takeover provision under the articles of incorporation or the laws of
the state of its incorporation which is or could become applicable to the Investor as a result of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, including, without limitation, the Companys issuance of the Securities and the Investors ownership of the Securities.

Section
4.21 FOREIGN CORRUPT PRACTICES. Neither the Company, any Subsidiary, nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any agent or other
Person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions,
gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to
foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds,
(iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any Person acting on its behalf of
which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law, or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of the Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

13

Section
4.22 SARBANES-OXLEY. The Company is in compliance with all provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, which are
applicable to it.

Section
4.23 CERTAIN FEES. Except as set forth in the disclosure schedule, no brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will
be payable by the Company to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank, or other
Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The Investor shall have no obligation with respect
to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf of any Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this Section 4.23
that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

Section
4.24 INVESTMENT COMPANY. The Company is not an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act
of 1940, as amended.

Section
4.25 ACCOUNTANTS. The Companys accountants are set forth in the SEC Documents and, to the knowledge of the Company, such
accountants are an independent public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, as required by the
Securities Act.

Section
4.26 NO MARKET MANIPULATION. Neither the Company, nor any Subsidiary has, and to its knowledge no Person acting on either of their
behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the
price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid
any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for
soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company.

Section
4.27 NO DISQUALIFICATION EVENTS. None of the Company, any Subsidiary, any of their predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director,
executive officer, other officer of the Company or any Subsidiary participating in the offering contemplated hereby, any beneficial owner
of 20% or more of the Companys outstanding voting equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter
(as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) connected with the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each,
an Issuer Covered Person) is subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)
under the Securities Act (a Disqualification Event), except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2)
or (d)(3) under the Securities Act. The Company has exercised reasonable care to determine whether any Issuer Covered Person is subject
to a Disqualification Event.

Section
4.28 MONEY LAUNDERING. The Company and each Subsidiary is in compliance with, and has not previously violated, the USA PATRIOT
ACT of 2001 and all other applicable U.S. and non-U.S. anti-money laundering laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, the
laws, regulations and Executive Orders and sanctions programs administered by the U.S. Office of Foreign Assets Control, including, but
not limited, to (i) Executive Order 13224 of September 23, 2001 entitled, Blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions With
Persons Who Commit, Threaten to Commit, or Support Terrorism (66 Fed. Reg. 49079 (2001)) and (ii) any regulations contained in
31 CFR, Subtitle B, Chapter V.

Section
4.29. ILLEGAL OR UNAUTHORIZED PAYMENTS; POLITICAL CONTRIBUTIONS. Neither the Company, nor any Subsidiary has, nor, to the best
of the Companys knowledge (after reasonable inquiry of its officers and directors), any of the officers, directors, employees,
agents or other representatives of the Company, any Subsidiary or any other business entity or enterprise with which the Company is or
has been affiliated or associated, has, directly or indirectly, made or authorized any payment, contribution or gift of money, property,
or services, whether or not in contravention of applicable law, (a) as a kickback or bribe to any Person or (b) to any political organization,
or the holder of or any aspirant to any elective or appointive public office except for personal political contributions not involving
the direct or indirect use of funds of the Company.

14

Section
4.30 SHELL COMPANY STATUS. The Company is not currently an issuer identified in Rule 144(i)(1)(i) under the Securities Act, is
subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, and, except as set forth on Schedule 4.5,
has filed all reports and other materials required to be filed by Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as applicable during the
preceding twelve (12) months.

Section
4.31 ABSENCE OF SCHEDULES. In the event that, on the Execution Date, the Company does not deliver any disclosure schedule contemplated
by this Agreement, the Company hereby acknowledges and agrees that (i) each such undelivered disclosure schedule shall be deemed to read
as follows: Nothing to Disclose and (ii) the Investor has not otherwise waived delivery of such disclosure schedule.

ARTICLE
V

COVENANTS OF INVESTOR

Section
5.1 COMPLIANCE WITH LAW; TRADING IN SECURITIES. The Investors trading activities with respect to the Common Stock will
be in compliance with all applicable state and federal securities laws and regulations and the rules and regulations of FINRA and the
Principal Market.

Section
5.2 SHORT SALES AND CONFIDENTIALITY. The Investor, or any affiliate of the Investor acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding
with it, hereby represents that, as of the Execution Date, it is not short any Common Stock and will not, in any manner
whatsoever, directly or indirectly, participate in or execute (i) any Short Sales during the period from the Execution Date to the end
of the Commitment Period or (ii) any hedging transaction that would create a net short position with respect to the shares of Common
Stock. For the purposes hereof, and in accordance with Regulation SHO, the sale after delivery of a Put Notice of such number of shares
of Common Stock reasonably expected to be purchased under a Put Notice shall not be deemed a Short Sale. The Investor shall, until such
time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company in accordance with the terms of this Agreement,
maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction and the information included in the Transaction Documents.

ARTICLE
VI

COVENANTS
OF THE COMPANY

Section
6.1 LISTING OF SHARES OF COMMON STOCK. The Company shall promptly, in connection with the issuance of the Commitment Shares and
the Put Shares to the Investor hereunder, submit to the Principal Market any required application to list such shares on the Principal
Market and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain, so long as the Common Stock shall be so listed, the listing of all
such Put Shares and Commitment Shares that are issued from time to time hereunder. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable
efforts to continue the listing and trading of the Common Stock on the Principal Market. The Company shall not take any action that would
reasonably be expected to result in the delisting or suspension of the Common Stock on the Principal Market. The Company shall promptly
provide to the Investor copies of any notices it receives from any Person regarding the continued eligibility of the Common Stock for
listing on the Principal Market, provided that the public filings of such notices shall constitute delivery of such notices to the Investor.
The Company shall pay all fees and expenses in connection with satisfying its obligations under this Section 6.1). The Company
shall take all action necessary to ensure that the Common Stock can be transferred electronically as DWAC Shares. If the Company receives
a delisting notice from the Principal Market or if the Common Stock fails to be listed on an Eligible Market, then the Investor may terminate
its obligations under this Agreement by written notice to the Company and may deem any outstanding Put Notice as withdrawn.

15

Section
6.2 OTHER EQUITY LINES AND AT-THE-MARKET OFFERINGS. For a period of twelve (12) months from the date hereof, the Company covenants
and agrees that it will not, without the prior written consent of the Investor, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed, denied,
or conditioned, enter into any other equity line of credit agreement with any other party or conduct an at-the-market offering, without
the Investors prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed, denied, or conditioned; provided,
however, the Company shall be permitted to enter into any at-the-market capital raising transaction with M2B Funding Corp., IQ
Financial, Inc., or any of their designees.

Section
6.3 FILING OF CURRENT REPORT AND REGISTRATION STATEMENT. The Company agrees that it shall file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including
the Transaction Documents as exhibits thereto, with the SEC within the time required by the Exchange Act, relating to the transactions
contemplated by, and describing the material terms and conditions of, the Transaction Documents (the Current Report).
The Company shall permit the Investor to review and comment upon the final pre-filing draft version of the Current Report at least two
(2) Trading Days prior to its filing with the SEC, and the Company shall give reasonable consideration to all such comments. The Investor
shall use its reasonable best efforts to comment upon the final pre-filing draft version of the Current Report within one (1) Trading
Day from the date the Investor receives it from the Company. Pursuant to the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company
shall also file with the SEC, on or before the thirtieth (30th) day following the Execution Date, a new registration statement
on Form S-1 (the Registration Statement) covering only the resale of the Put Shares and Commitment Shares and shall
use its best efforts to have such Registration declared no later than ninety (90) days following the Execution Date.

Section
6.4 COMMITMENT FEE; ISSUANCE OF COMMITMENT SHARES. In consideration for the Investors execution and delivery of, and performance
under this Agreement, on the Execution Date, the Company in its discretion shall either (i) pay to the Investor in cash $1,800,000 (Commitment
Cash) or (ii) issue a prefunded warrant to purchase Common Stock (the Warrant Shares) in a form acceptable to
the Investor in its sole discretion and having an exercise price per share of $0.0001, to purchaser Shares of Common Stock (the Commitment
Shares) to the Investor having a value of $1,800,000 based on closing price on the day before the Execution Date. For the
avoidance of doubt, all of the Commitment Shares shall be fully earned as of the Execution Date, and the issuance of the Commitment Shares
is not contingent upon any other event or condition, including, without limitation, the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or
the Companys submission of a Put Notice to the Investor and irrespective of any termination of this Agreement.

If
the product of (x) the Initial Commitment Share Amount and (ii) the average of the VWAP over the five Trading Days following the date
on which the Registration Statement is declared effective (the Reference VWAP Price) shall be referred to as the
Reference Commitment Share Value. If the Reference Commitment Share Value is in excess of $1,800,000, the
number of Warrant Shares shall be reduced by an amount equal to the Cancellable Commitment Share Amount. For purposes of this Agreement,
the Cancellable Commitment Share Amount means the Reference Commitment Share Value minus $1,800,000, divided by
the Reference VWAP Price. If the Reference Commitment Share Value is below $1,800,000, the number of Warrant Shares shall increase
by an amount equal to the Increase Commitment Share Amount. For purposes of this Agreement, the Increase Commitment Share Amount
means the $1,800,000 minus Reference Commitment Share Value, multiplied by the Reference VWAP Price. The Company shall include in any
registration statement filed with the SEC, all Commitment Shares (including the shares that may be issued upon exercise of any prefunded
warrant issued pursuant to this Section 6.4); provided that, in addition to all other remedies at law or in equity or otherwise under
this Agreement, failure to do so will result in liquidated damages of $50,000.00, being immediately due and payable to the Investor at
its election in the form of cash payment and the Investor may terminate its obligations under this Agreement by written notice to the
Company. Further to the foregoing, the Investor agrees not to sell on any Trading Day an amount of Commitment Shares in excess of 20%
of the daily trading volume of the Common Stock on such Trading Day.

16

Section
6.5 DUE DILIGENCE; CONFIDENTIALITY; NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION. The Investor shall have the right, from time to time as the Investor
may reasonably deem appropriate, to perform reasonable due diligence on the Company during normal business hours. The Company, each Subsidiary
and their respective officers and employees shall provide information and reasonably cooperate with the Investor in connection with any
reasonable request by the Investor related to the Investors due diligence of the Company. The Company agrees not to disclose any
Confidential Information of the Investor to any third party, except for attorneys, accountants, advisors who have a need to know such
Confidential Information and are bound by confidentiality, and shall not use any Confidential Information for any purpose other than
in connection with, or in furtherance of, the transactions contemplated hereby. The Company acknowledges that the Confidential Information
of the Investor shall remain the property of the Investor and agrees that it shall take all reasonable measures to protect the secrecy
of any Confidential Information disclosed by the Investor. The Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf
shall provide the Investor or its agents with any information that constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information,
unless a simultaneous public announcement thereof is made by the Company in the manner contemplated by Regulation FD, while any Put Notice
is outstanding or while the Investor holds any shares of Common Stock. In the event of a breach of the foregoing covenant by the Company
or any Person acting on its behalf (as determined in the reasonable good faith judgment of the Investor), in addition to any other remedy
provided herein or in the other Transaction Documents, the Investor shall have the right to make a public disclosure, in the form of
a press release, public advertisement or otherwise, of such material, non-public information without the prior approval by the Company;
provided that the Investor shall have first provided notice to the Company that it believes it has received information that constitutes
material, non-public information, and the Company shall have had at least twenty-four (24) hours to publicly disclose such purported
material, non-public information prior to any such disclosure by the Investor, and the Company shall have failed to publicly disclose
such purported material, non-public information within such time period. The Investor shall not have any liability to the Company, any
Subsidiary, or any of their respective directors, officers, employees, stockholders, affiliates or agents, for any such disclosure. The
Company understands and confirms that the Investor shall be relying on the foregoing covenants in effecting transactions in securities
of the Company. Notwithstanding any requirement to disclose information to the Investor pursuant to this Section 6.5, the Company shall
not be in breach of this Section 6.5 if it determines in good faith not to disclose such information reasonably requested by the Investor
if disclosure of such information would likely result in the public disclosure of such information pursuant to this Section 6.5.

Section
6.6 PURCHASE RECORDS. The Company shall maintain records showing the Available Amount at any given time and the date, Investment
Amount and Put Shares for each Put, contained in the applicable Put Notice.

Section
6.7 TAXES. The Company shall pay any and all transfer, stamp or similar taxes that may be payable with respect to the issuance
and delivery of any shares of Common Stock to the Investor made under this Agreement.

Section
6.8 USE OF PROCEEDS. The Company will use the net proceeds from the offering of Put Shares hereunder for general corporate purposes
in the manner described in the Registration Statement or the SEC Documents.

Section
6.9 OTHER TRANSACTIONS. The Company shall not enter into, announce, or recommend to its stockholders any agreement, plan, arrangement
or transaction in or of which the terms thereof would restrict, materially delay, conflict with or impair the ability or right of the
Company to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents, including, without limitation, the obligation of the Company to deliver
the Put Shares and to issue the Commitment Shares to the Investor in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents.

17

Section
6.10 INTEGRATION. In any case subject to the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement, from and after the Execution Date, neither
the Company, nor or any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates will, and the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to ensure that
no Person acting on their behalf will, directly or indirectly, make any offers or sales of any security or solicit any offers to buy
any security, under circumstances that would require registration of the offer and sale of any of the Securities under the Securities
Act.

Section
6.12 TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS. On the Execution Date, the Company shall deliver to the Investor executed copies of all of the Transaction
Documents.

Section
6.13 STANDSTILL. Unless waived by the Investor, notwithstanding any other provisions set forth in the Transaction Documents, the
Company hereby covenants and agrees not to issue any shares of Common Stock or other securities (including debt securities) convertible
or exercisable into shares of Common Stock or enter into agreement to sell such securities, during each period beginning (i) upon the
submission of any Put Notice that has been accepted in accordance with the terms hereof and (ii) ending upon the close of the Trading
Day on which the aggregate trading volume of the Common Stock over the Trading Days since issuance of such Put Notice shall have exceeded
Five Hundred percent (500%) of the number of Put Shares sold pursuant to such Put Notice.

Section
6.14 MOST FAVORED NATIONS. For a period of twelve (12) months from the date hereof, if any of contractual provisions, or side
letters in respect, of any equity line of credit agreement, or similar financing facility entered into by the Company contain or provide
terms more favorable to the investors thereunder, than the terms provided to the Investor hereunder, then the Company shall specifically
notify the Investor of such additional or more favorable terms and such terms, at Investors option, shall become a part of the
Transaction Documents. Failure of the Company to provide such notice of additional or more favorable terms, shall not be deemed to constitute
a waiver or release by the Investor to deem such additional or more favorable terms to become part of the Transaction Documents.

ARTICLE
VII

CONDITIONS TO DELIVERY OF PUT NOTICES AND CONDITIONS TO CLOSING

Section
7.1 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE RIGHT OF THE COMPANY TO ISSUE AND SELL PUT SHARES. The right of the Company to issue and sell
the Put Shares to the Investor is subject to the satisfaction of each of the conditions set forth below:

(a)
ACCURACY OF INVESTORS REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. The representations and warranties of the Investor shall be true and correct
in all material respects as of the Execution Date and as of the date of each Closing as though made at each such time.

(b)
DELIVERY OF DOCUMENTS. The Investor shall have executed each of the Transaction Documents and delivered the same to the Company.

(c)
REGISTRATION STATEMENT. The Company shall not have the right to issue any Put Shares if, as of the date of the Closing for such issuance
and sale, the Registration Statement, and any amendment or supplement thereto, shall fail to be and remain effective for the resale by
the Investor of the Put Shares and Commitment Shares.

Section
7.2 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE OBLIGATION OF INVESTOR TO PURCHASE PUT SHARES. The obligation of the Investor hereunder to purchase
Put Shares is subject to the satisfaction of each of the following conditions:

(a)
REGISTRATION STATEMENT. The Registration Statement, and any amendment or supplement thereto, shall be and remain effective for the resale
by the Investor of the Put Shares and the Commitment Shares and (i) neither the Company nor the Investor shall have received notice that
the SEC has issued or intends to issue a stop order with respect to such Registration Statement or that the SEC otherwise has suspended
or withdrawn the effectiveness of such Registration Statement, either temporarily or permanently, or intends or has threatened to do
so and (ii) no other suspension of the use of, or withdrawal of the effectiveness of, such Registration Statement or related prospectus
shall exist. The Company shall have prepared and filed with the SEC a final and complete prospectus (the preliminary form of which shall
be included in the Registration Statement) and shall have delivered to the Investor a true and complete copy thereof. Such prospectus
shall be current and available for the resale by the Investor of all of the Securities covered thereby.

18

(b)
ACCURACY OF THE COMPANYS REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. The representations and warranties of the Company shall be true and correct
in all material respects as of the Execution Date for each date a Put Notice is submitted and as of the date of each Closing (except
for representations and warranties under the first sentence of Section 4.3 that are specifically made as of the Execution Date and shall
be true and correct in all respects as of the Execution Date).

(c)
PERFORMANCE BY THE COMPANY. The Company shall have performed, satisfied, and complied in all material respects with all covenants, agreements
and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied, or complied with by the Company.

(d)
NO INJUNCTION. No statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated
or adopted by any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction that prohibits or directly and materially adversely affects
any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, and no proceeding shall have been commenced that may have the effect
of prohibiting or materially adversely affecting any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(e)
ADVERSE CHANGES. Since the date of filing of the Companys most recent SEC Document, no event that had or is reasonably likely
to have a Material Adverse Effect has occurred.

(f)
NO SUSPENSION OF TRADING IN OR DELISTING OF THE SHARES OF COMMON STOCK. Trading of the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by
the SEC, the Principal Market or FINRA, or otherwise halted for any reason, and the Common Stock shall have been approved for listing
or quotation on and shall not have been delisted from the Principal Market. In the event of a suspension, delisting, or halting for any
reason, of the trading of the Common Stock, as contemplated by this Section 7.2(f), the Investor shall have the right to return to the
Company any remaining amount of Put Shares associated with such Put, and the Purchase Price with respect to such Put shall be reduced
accordingly.

(g)
BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP LIMITATION. As of the date of the Closing for such issuance and sale, the number of Put Shares to be purchased by
the Investor shall not exceed the number of such shares that, when aggregated with all other shares of Common Stock then owned by the
Investor beneficially or deemed beneficially owned by the Investor, would result in the Investor owning more than the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation (as defined below), as determined in accordance with Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder.
For purposes of this Section 7.2(g), in the event that the amount of shares of Common Stock outstanding, as determined in accordance
with Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder, is greater on a Closing Date than on the date upon which
the Put Notice associated with such Closing Date is given, the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding on such Closing Date shall
govern for purposes of determining whether the Investor, when aggregating all purchases of shares of Common Stock made pursuant to this
Agreement, would own more than the Beneficial Ownership Limitation following such Closing Date. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation
shall be the lesser of (i) 4.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance
of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to a Put Notice and (ii) 19.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding as of
the date the applicable Put Notice is submitted, excluding Common Stock held by affiliates (as such term is defined in
Rule 405 of the Securities Act) of the Company. The Investor, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation provisions of this Section 7.1(g); provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event shall exceed 9.99% of the
number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Common Stock issuable pursuant to a Put
Notice and the provisions of this Section 7.1(g) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not
be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company.

19

(h)
NO KNOWLEDGE. The Company shall have no knowledge of any event more likely than not to have the effect of causing the Registration Statement
to be suspended or otherwise ineffective (which event is more likely than not to occur within the fifteen (15) Trading Days following
the Trading Day on which such Put Notice is deemed delivered). The Company shall have no knowledge of any untrue statement (or alleged
untrue statement) of a material fact or omission (or alleged omission) of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, in the Registration Statement,
any effective registration statement filed pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement or any post-effective amendment or prospectus
which is a part of the foregoing, unless the Company has filed an amendment with the SEC.

(i)
NO VIOLATION OF STOCKHOLDER APPROVAL REQUIREMENT; STOCKHOLDER APPROVAL. The issuance of the Put Shares shall not violate the stockholder
approval requirements of the Principal Market, if any, and a description of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall have
been set forth in a proxy statement and the Companys entrance into this Agreement shall have been approved in such special meeting
of such stockholders.

(j)
OFFICERS CERTIFICATE. On the date of delivery of each Put Notice, the Investor shall have received the Closing Certificate executed
by an executive officer of the Company and to the effect that all the conditions to such Closing shall have been satisfied as of the
date of each such certificate.

(k)
DWAC ELIGIBLE. The Common Stock must be DWAC Eligible and not subject to a DTC chill.

(l)
SEC DOCUMENTS. All reports, schedules, registrations, forms, statements, information, and other documents required to have been filed
by the Company with the SEC pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act (other than Forms 8-K) shall have been filed with
the SEC within the applicable time periods prescribed for such filings under the Exchange Act.

(m)
TRANSFER AGENT INSTRUCTION LETTER. The Transfer Agent Instruction Letter shall have been executed by the Company and delivered to the
Transfer Agent and acknowledged and agreed to in writing by the Transfer Agent, and the Company shall have no knowledge of any fact or
circumstance that would prevent the Transfer Agent from complying with the terms of the Transfer Agent Instruction Letter.

(n)
BROKER APPROVAL. The Put Shares and Commitment Shares shall have been approved by the Investors prime broker or designated clearing
firm for deposit to its account with the Depository Trust Company; provided that the Companys securities, as of the date hereof,
are approved by the Investors prime broker.

(o)
NO VIOLATION. No statute, regulation, order, guidance, decree, writ, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated,
threatened, or endorsed by any federal, state, local or foreign court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction, including,
without limitation, the SEC, which prohibits the consummation of or which would materially modify or delay any of the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents.

(p)
LEGAL OPINION. Upon effectiveness of the Registration Statement, the Company shall cause to be delivered to the Investor a written opinion
of counsel, in form and substance previously agreed, relating to the availability and effectiveness of the Registration Statement, as
supplemented by any prospectus supplement or amendment thereto, and regarding the Companys compliance with the laws of the State
of Delaware and the federal securities laws of the United States in the issuance, sale and registration of the Put Shares and Commitment
Shares and entrance into the transaction documents.

20

(q)
NO VARIABLE-RATE TRANSACTIONS. Without the prior written consent of the Investor, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed,
denied, or conditioned, the Company shall not have entered into any Variable Rate Transaction until the termination of this Agreement.
For purposes of this Agreement, Variable Rate Transaction means a transaction in which the Company (i) issues or sells
any equity or debt securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the right to receive additional
shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price, exchange rate or other price that
is based upon and/or varies with the trading prices of or quotations for the Common Stock at any time after the initial issuance of such
equity or debt securities or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date after
the initial issuance of such equity or debt security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly
related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock (including, without limitation, any full ratchet
or weighted average anti-dilution provisions, but not including any standard anti-dilution protection for any reorganization,
recapitalization, non-cash dividend, stock split, combination, or other similar transaction), (ii) issues or sells any equity or debt
securities, including without limitation, shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, either (A) at a price that is subject to
being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent
events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock (other than standard anti-dilution
protection for any reorganization, recapitalization, non-cash dividend, stock split, combination, or other similar transaction) or (B)
that are subject to or contain any put, call, redemption, buy-back, price-reset or other similar provision or mechanism (including, without
limitation, a Black-Scholes put or call right, other than in connection with a fundamental transaction) that
provides for the issuance of additional equity securities of the Company or the payment of cash by the Company, or (iii) enters into
any agreement, including, but not limited to, an equity line of credit or at-the-market offering or other
continuous offering or similar offering of shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (in each such event other than with the
Investor, M2B Funding Corp., IQ Financial, Inc., and any of their designees), whereby the Company may sell shares of Common Stock or
Common Stock Equivalents at a future determined price.

(r)
NO NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION. Neither the Investor nor any of its agents or counsel shall be in possession of any information that constitutes
or might constitute material, non-public information with respect to the Company.

ARTICLE
VIII

LEGENDS

Section
8.1 NO RESTRICTIVE STOCK LEGEND. No restrictive stock legend shall be placed on the share certificates representing the Put Shares.

Section
8.2 INVESTORS COMPLIANCE. Nothing in this Article VIII shall affect in any way the Investors obligations
hereunder to comply with all applicable securities laws upon the sale or transfer of the Common Stock.

ARTICLE
IX

NOTICES; INDEMNIFICATION

Section
9.1 NOTICES. All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall
be in writing and, except for Put Notices which shall be delivered via e-mail in accordance with Section 2.2 and unless otherwise
specified herein, shall be (a) personally served, (b) deposited in the mail, registered or certified, return receipt requested, postage
prepaid, (c) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or (d) transmitted by hand delivery, or e-mail as a PDF,
addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified most recently by written notice given in accordance
herewith. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective (i) upon hand delivery
or delivery by e-mail at the address designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice
is to be received), or the first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business
hours where such notice is to be received) or (ii) on the second business day following the date of transmittal by express courier service
or on the fifth business day after deposited in the mail, in each case, fully prepaid, addressed to such address, or upon actual receipt
of such mailing, whichever shall first occur.

21

The
addresses for such communications shall be:

If
to the Company:

Cycurion,
Inc.

1640
Boro Place, Fourth Floor

McLean,
VA, 22102

Attention:

E-mail:

With
mandatory copies (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Clark
Hill LLP

555
South Flower Street, 24th Floor

Los
Angeles, CA 90071

Attention:
Randolf Katz

E-mail:
rkatz@clarkhill.com

If
to the Investor:

Yield
Point NY, LLC

23
Tamy Road

Spring
Valley, NY 10977

Attention:
Ari Kluger, Manager

E-mail:
arikluger@gmail.com

with
a mandatory copy to (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Grushko
& Mittman, P.C.

1800
Rockaway Avenue, Suite 206

Hewlett,
NY 11557

Attn:
Eliezer Drew, Esq.

E-mail:
eli@grushkomittman.com

Either
party hereto may from time to time change its address or e-mail for notices under this Section 9.1 by giving at least ten (10)
days prior written notice of such changed address to the other party hereto.

Section
9.2 INDEMNIFICATION. The Company (an Indemnifying Party) agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Investor
along with its officers, directors, employees, and authorized agents and representatives, and each Person or entity, if any, who controls
such party within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder
(an Indemnified Party) from and against any and all Damages, joint or several, and any and all actions in respect
thereof to which the Indemnified Party becomes subject to, resulting from, arising out of or relating to (i) any misrepresentation, breach
of warranty, or nonfulfillment of or failure to perform any covenant or agreement on the part of the Indemnifying Party contained in
this Agreement, (ii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement, any
registration statement pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, or any post-effective amendment thereof or supplement thereto,
or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein
not misleading, (iii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any preliminary prospectus or
contained in the final prospectus (as amended or supplemented, if the Company files any amendment thereof or supplement thereto with
the SEC) or the omission or alleged omission to state therein any material fact necessary to make the statements made therein, in the
light of the circumstances under which the statements therein were made, not misleading, or (iv) any violation or alleged violation by
the Company of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, any state securities law, or any rule or regulation under the Securities Act, the
Exchange Act, or any state securities law, as such Damages are incurred, except to the extent such Damages result primarily from the
Indemnified Partys failure to perform any covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement or the Indemnified Partys negligence,
recklessness, fraud, willful misconduct, or bad faith in performing its obligations under this Agreement; provided, however,
that the foregoing indemnity agreement shall not apply to any Damages of an Indemnified Party to the extent, but only to the extent,
arising out of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made by an Indemnifying
Party in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Indemnifying Party by the Indemnified Party expressly
for use in the Registration Statement, any post- effective amendment thereof or supplement thereto, or any preliminary prospectus or
final prospectus (as amended or supplemented).

22

Section
9.3 METHOD OF ASSERTING INDEMNIFICATION CLAIMS. All claims for indemnification by any Indemnified Party under Section 9.2
shall be asserted and resolved as follows:

(a)
In the event any claim or demand in respect of which an Indemnified Party might seek indemnity under Section 9.2 is asserted against
or sought to be collected from such Indemnified Party by a Person other than a party hereto or an affiliate thereof (a Third-Party
Claim), the Indemnified Party shall deliver a written notification, enclosing a copy of all papers served, if any, and specifying
the nature of and basis for such Third-Party Claim and for the Indemnified Partys claim for indemnification that is being asserted
under any provision of Section 9.2 against an Indemnifying Party, together with the amount or, if not then reasonably ascertainable,
the estimated amount, determined in good faith, of such Third-Party Claim (a Claim Notice) with reasonable promptness
to the Indemnifying Party. If the Indemnified Party fails to provide the Claim Notice with reasonable promptness after the Indemnified
Party receives notice of such Third-Party Claim, the Indemnifying Party shall not be obligated to indemnify the Indemnified Party with
respect to such Third-Party Claim to the extent that the Indemnifying Partys ability to defend has been prejudiced by such failure
of the Indemnified Party. The Indemnifying Party shall notify the Indemnified Party as soon as practicable within the period ending thirty
(30) calendar days following receipt by the Indemnifying Party of either a Claim Notice or an Indemnity Notice (as defined below) (the
Dispute Period) whether the Indemnifying Party disputes its liability or the amount of its liability to the Indemnified
Party under Section 9.2 and whether the Indemnifying Party desires, at its sole cost and expense, to defend the Indemnified Party
against such Third-Party Claim.

(i)
If the Indemnifying Party notifies the Indemnified Party within the Dispute Period that the Indemnifying Party desires to defend the
Indemnified Party with respect to the Third-Party Claim pursuant to this Section 9.3(a), then the Indemnifying Party shall have the right
to defend, with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party, at the sole cost and expense of the Indemnifying Party, such
Third-Party Claim by all appropriate proceedings, which proceedings shall be vigorously and diligently prosecuted by the Indemnifying
Party to a final conclusion or will be settled at the discretion of the Indemnifying Party (but only with the consent of the Indemnified
Party in the case of any settlement that provides for any relief other than the payment of monetary damages or that provides for the
payment of monetary damages as to which the Indemnified Party shall not be indemnified in full pursuant to Section 9.2). The Indemnifying
Party shall have full control of such defense and proceedings, including any compromise or settlement thereof; provided, however, that
the Indemnified Party may, at the sole cost and expense of the Indemnified Party, at any time prior to the Indemnifying Partys
delivery of the notice referred to in the first sentence of this clause (i), file any motion, answer, or other pleadings or take any
other action that the Indemnified Party reasonably believes to be necessary or appropriate to protect its interests; and provided, further,
that. if requested by the Indemnifying Party, the Indemnified Party will, at the sole cost and expense of the Indemnifying Party, provide
reasonable cooperation to the Indemnifying Party in contesting any Third-Party Claim that the Indemnifying Party elects to contest. The
Indemnified Party may participate in, but not control, any defense or settlement of any Third-Party Claim controlled by the Indemnifying
Party pursuant to this clause (i), and, except as provided in the preceding sentence, the Indemnified Party shall bear its own costs
and expenses with respect to such participation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Indemnified Party may take over the control of the
defense or settlement of a Third-Party Claim at any time if it irrevocably waives its right to indemnity under Section 9.2 with respect
to such Third-Party Claim.

23

(ii)
If the Indemnifying Party fails to notify the Indemnified Party within the Dispute Period that the Indemnifying Party desires to defend
the Third-Party Claim pursuant to this Section 9.3(a), or if the Indemnifying Party gives such notice but fails to prosecute vigorously
and diligently or settle the Third-Party Claim, or if the Indemnifying Party fails to give any notice whatsoever within the Dispute Period,
then the Indemnified Party shall have the right to defend, at the sole cost and expense of the Indemnifying Party, the Third-Party Claim
by all appropriate proceedings, which proceedings shall be prosecuted by the Indemnified Party in a reasonable manner and in good faith
or will be settled at the discretion of the Indemnified Party (with the consent of the Indemnifying Party, which consent will not be
unreasonably withheld, delayed, denied, or conditioned). The Indemnified Party will have full control of such defense and proceedings,
including any compromise or settlement thereof; provided, however, that, if requested by the Indemnified Party, the Indemnifying Party
will, at the sole cost and expense of the Indemnifying Party, provide reasonable cooperation to the Indemnified Party and its counsel
in contesting any Third-Party Claim which the Indemnified Party is contesting. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this clause
(ii), if the Indemnifying Party has notified the Indemnified Party within the Dispute Period that the Indemnifying Party disputes its
liability or the amount of its liability hereunder to the Indemnified Party with respect to such Third-Party Claim and if such dispute
is resolved in favor of the Indemnifying Party in the manner provided in clause (iii) below, the Indemnifying Party will not be required
to bear the costs and expenses of the Indemnified Partys defense pursuant to this clause (ii) or of the Indemnifying Partys
participation therein at the Indemnified Partys request, and the Indemnified Party shall reimburse the Indemnifying Party in full
for all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by the Indemnifying Party in connection with such litigation. The Indemnifying Party may
participate in, but not control, any defense or settlement controlled by the Indemnified Party pursuant to this clause (ii), and the
Indemnifying Party shall bear its own costs and expenses with respect to such participation.

(iii)
If the Indemnifying Party notifies the Indemnified Party that it does not dispute its liability or the amount of its liability to the
Indemnified Party with respect to the Third-Party Claim under Section 9.2 or fails to notify the Indemnified Party within the Dispute
Period whether the Indemnifying Party disputes its liability or the amount of its liability to the Indemnified Party with respect to
such Third-Party Claim, the amount of Damages specified in the Claim Notice shall be conclusively deemed a liability of the Indemnifying
Party under Section 9.2 and the Indemnifying Party shall pay the amount of such Damages to the Indemnified Party on demand. If the Indemnifying
Party has timely disputed its liability or the amount of its liability with respect to such Third-Party Claim, the Indemnifying Party
and the Indemnified Party shall proceed in good faith to negotiate a resolution of such dispute; provided, however, that if the dispute
is not resolved within thirty (30) days after the Claim Notice, the Indemnifying Party shall be entitled to institute such legal action
as it deems appropriate.

(b)
In the event any Indemnified Party should have a claim under Section 9.2 against the Indemnifying Party that does not involve a Third-Party
Claim, the Indemnified Party shall deliver a written notification of a claim for indemnity under Section 9.2 specifying the nature of
and basis for such claim, together with the amount or, if not then reasonably ascertainable, the estimated amount, determined in good
faith, of such claim (an Indemnity Notice) with reasonable promptness to the Indemnifying Party. The failure by any Indemnified
Party to give the Indemnity Notice shall not impair such partys rights hereunder except to the extent that the Indemnifying Party
demonstrates that it has been irreparably prejudiced thereby. If the Indemnifying Party notifies the Indemnified Party that it does not
dispute the claim or the amount of the claim described in such Indemnity Notice or fails to notify the Indemnified Party within the Dispute
Period whether the Indemnifying Party disputes the claim or the amount of the claim described in such Indemnity Notice, the amount of
Damages specified in the Indemnity Notice will be conclusively deemed a liability of the Indemnifying Party under Section 9.2 and the
Indemnifying Party shall pay the amount of such Damages to the Indemnified Party on demand. If the Indemnifying Party has timely disputed
its liability or the amount of its liability with respect to such claim, the Indemnifying Party and the Indemnified Party shall proceed
in good faith to negotiate a resolution of such dispute; provided, however, that, if the dispute is not resolved within thirty (30) days
after the Claim Notice, the Indemnifying Party shall be entitled to institute such legal action as it deems appropriate.

24

(c)
The Indemnifying Party agrees to pay the Indemnified Party, promptly as such expenses are incurred and are due and payable, for any reasonable
legal fees or other reasonable expenses incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending any such Claim.

(d)
The indemnity provisions contained herein shall be in addition to (i) any cause of action or similar rights of the Indemnified Party
against the Indemnifying Party or others and (ii) any liabilities the Indemnifying Party may be subject to.

ARTICLE
X

MISCELLANEOUS

Section
10.1 GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without
regard to the principles of conflicts of law (whether of the State of New York or any other jurisdiction).

Section
10.2 ARBITRATION. Any disputes, claims, or controversies arising out of or relating to the Transaction Documents, or the transactions,
contemplated thereby, or the breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation or validity thereof, including the determination of the
scope or applicability of this Agreement to arbitrate, shall be referred to and resolved solely and exclusively by binding arbitration
to be conducted before the JAMS, or its successor pursuant the expedited procedures set forth in the JAMS Comprehensive Arbitration
Rules and Procedures (the Rules), including Rules 16.1 and 16.2 of those Rules. The arbitration shall be held in
New York, New York, before a tribunal consisting of three (3) arbitrators each of whom will be selected in accordance with the strike
and rank methodology set forth in Rule 15. Either party to this Agreement may, without waiving any remedy under this Agreement,
seek from any federal or state court sitting in the Southern District of New York any interim or provisional relief that is necessary
to protect the rights or property of that party, pending the establishment of the arbitral tribunal. The costs and expenses of such arbitration
shall be paid by and be the sole responsibility of the Company, including, but not limited to, the Investors attorneys
fees and each arbitrators fees. The arbitrators decision must set forth a reasoned basis for any award of damages or finding
of liability. The arbitrators decision and award will be made and delivered as soon as reasonably possibly and in any case within
sixty (60) days following the conclusion of the arbitration hearing and shall be final and binding on the parties and may be entered
by any court having jurisdiction thereof.

Section
10.3 JURY TRIAL WAIVER. TO THE MAXIMUM PERMITTED BY LAW, THE COMPANY AND THE INVESTOR HEREBY WAIVE A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION,
PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM BROUGHT BY EITHER OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGAINST THE OTHER IN RESPECT OF ANY MATTER ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS.

Section
10.4 ASSIGNMENT. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company and the Investor and their respective
successors. Neither this Agreement nor any rights of the Investor or the Company hereunder may be assigned by either party to any other
Person.

25

Section
10.5 NO THIRD-PARTY BENEFICIARIES. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the Company and the Investor and their respective
successors, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as set forth in Article
IX.

Section
10.6 TERMINATION. At any time after the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, the Company shall have the option to terminate
this Agreement for any reason or for no reason by delivering written notice (a Company Termination Notice) to the
Investor electing to terminate this Agreement without any liability whatsoever of any party to any other party under this Agreement (except
as set forth below). The Company Termination Notice shall not be effective until one business day after it has been received by the Investor,
provided that this Agreement cannot be terminated (i) while the Investor holds any Put Shares and (ii) prior to March 20, 2026. In addition,
this Agreement shall automatically terminate on the earlier of (i) the end of the Commitment Period; (ii) the date that the Company sells
and the Investor purchases the Maximum Commitment Amount; or (iii) the date that, pursuant to or within the meaning of any Bankruptcy
Law, the Company commences a voluntary case or any Person commences a proceeding against the Company, a Custodian is appointed for the
Company or for all or substantially all of its property, or the Company makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of termination of this Agreement, the provisions of Articles III, IV, V, VI, IX and
X shall survive the termination of this Agreement for the maximum length of time allowed under applicable law. If the Company
does not send the first Put Notice on or before July 7, 2025, the Investor may terminate this Agreement at any time.

Section
10.7 [RESERVED]

Section
10.8 ENTIRE AGREEMENT. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, contain the entire understanding
of the Company and the Investor with respect to the matters covered herein and therein and supersede all prior agreements and understandings,
oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules.

Section
10.9 FEES AND EXPENSES. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents or any other writing to the contrary, each
party shall pay the fees and expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants, and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred
by such party incident to the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay
all Transfer Agent fees, stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Investor.
The Company shall pay $100,000 to the Investor on the earlier of (i) the first Put Date or (ii) July 7, 2025, for reimbursement of the
Investors transaction fees relating to the preparation of the Transaction Documents.

Section
10.10 COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which may be executed by less than all of
the parties and shall be deemed to be an original instrument which shall be enforceable against the parties actually executing such counterparts
and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. This Agreement may be delivered to the other parties hereto by
e-mail of a copy of this Agreement bearing the signature of the parties so delivering this Agreement.

Section
10.11 SEVERABILITY. In the event that any provision of this Agreement becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction
to be illegal, unenforceable, or void, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect without said provision; provided that such
severability shall be ineffective if it materially changes the economic benefit of this Agreement to any party.

Section
10.12 FURTHER ASSURANCES. Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things,
and shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments, and documents, as the other party may reasonably
request in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby.

26

Section
10.13 NO STRICT CONSTRUCTION. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express
their mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party.

Section
10.14 EQUITABLE RELIEF. Each party acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to
the other by vitiating the intent and purpose of the transactions contemplated hereby. Accordingly, each party acknowledges that the
remedy at law for a breach of its obligations under this Agreement will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened
breach by the such party of the provisions of this Agreement, that the other party shall be entitled, in addition to all other available
remedies at law or in equity, and in addition to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing
or curing any breach of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof, without the necessity of showing
economic loss and without any bond or other security being required.

Section
10.15 TITLES AND SUBTITLES. The titles and subtitles used in this Agreement are used for the convenience of reference and are
not to be considered in construing or interpreting this Agreement.

Section
10.16 AMENDMENTS; WAIVERS. No provision of this Agreement may be amended or waived by the parties from and after the date that
is one (1) Trading Day immediately preceding the initial filing of the Registration Statement with the SEC. Subject to the immediately
preceding sentence, (i) no provision of this Agreement may be amended other than by a written instrument signed by both parties hereto
and (ii) no provision of this Agreement may be waived other than in a written instrument signed by the party against whom enforcement
of such waiver is sought. No failure or delay in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof,
nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise thereof or of any other
right, power, or privilege

Section
10.17 PUBLICITY. The Company and the Investor shall reasonably consult with each other in issuing any press releases or otherwise
making public statements with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby and no party shall issue any such press release or otherwise
make any such public statement referencing the transaction, other than as required by law, without the prior written consent of the other
parties, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed, denied, or conditioned, except that no prior written consent shall
be required if such disclosure is required by law, in which such case the disclosing party shall provide the other party with prior notice
of such public statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of the Investor without the
prior written consent of the Investor, except to the extent required by law or if requested by an applicable regulator. The Investor
acknowledges that this Agreement and all or part of the Transaction Documents may be deemed to be material contracts, as
that term is defined by Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K, and that the Company may, therefore, be required to file such documents as
exhibits to reports or registration statements filed under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. The Investor further agrees that the
status of such documents and materials as material contracts shall be determined solely by the Company, in consultation with its counsel.

**
Signature Page Follows **

27

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized as
of the Execution Date.

CYCURION,
INC.

By: /s/
L. Kevin Kelly 

Name: L. Kevin Kelly

Title: Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer

YIELD
POINT NY LLC

By: /s/
Ari Kluger 

Name: Ari Kluger 

Title: Manager

**
Signature Page to Equity Purchase Agreement **

EXHIBIT
A

FORM
OF PUT NOTICE

TO:
YIELD POINT NY LLC

DATE:_

We
refer to the Equity Purchase Agreement, dated April 7, 2025 (the Agreement), entered into by and between Cycurion,
Inc. and you. Capitalized terms defined in the Agreement shall, unless otherwise defined herein, have the same meaning when used herein.

We
hereby:

1)
Notify you that the Maximum Put Amount as of the delivery of this Put Notice is _________

2)
Give you notice that:

[__]
we require you to purchase Put Shares in an amount equal to _________, which is not in excess of the Maximum Put Amount;

[__]
we request that you purchase an amount of Put Shares equal to _________ (the Excess Purchase Amount) which is in
excess of the Maximum Put Amount but less than or equal to 5x the Maximum Put Amount.

If
we have requested that you purchase in excess of the Maximum Put Amount, prior to the opening of trading on the Trading Day immediately
following the delivery of this Put Notice, please confirm if you will purchase the Maximum Put Amount, the Excess Purchase Amount, or
some amount of Put Shares between the Maximum Put Amount and the Excess Purchase Amount and, if so, what amount.

Subsequent
to the submission of this Put Notice, the Company and the Investor may agree to increase the amount of Put Shares subject to this Put
Notice in accordance with Section 2.4 of the Agreement. In the event of any such increase, following the date of the Valuation
Period relating to this Put Notice, the Company will reflect the amount of Put Shares as so increased in the space provided below and
resubmit this Put Notice to you for your records.

Total
amount of Put Shares following an increase under Section 2.4 of the Agreement: ______

3)
Certify that, as of the date hereof, the conditions set forth in Section 7.2 of the Agreement are satisfied.

Cycurion,
Inc.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

EXHIBIT
B

FORM
OF OFFICERS CERTIFICATE

OF

Cycurion,
Inc.

Pursuant
to Section 7.2(j) of that certain Equity Purchase Agreement, dated April 7, 2025 (the Agreement),
by and between Cycurion, Inc. (the Company) and Yield Point NY LLC (the Investor), the undersigned,
in his capacity as Chief Financial Officer of the Company, and not in his individual capacity, hereby certifies, as of the date hereof
(such date, the Condition Satisfaction Date), the following:

1.
The representations and warranties of the Company contained in the Agreement are true and correct in all material respects as of the
Condition Satisfaction Date as though made on the Condition Satisfaction Date (except for representations and warranties specifically
made as of a particular date) with respect to all periods, and as to all events and circumstances occurring or existing to and including
the Condition Satisfaction Date, except for any conditions which have temporarily caused any representations or warranties of the Company
set forth in the Agreement to be incorrect and which have been corrected with no continuing impairment to the Company or the Investor;
and

2.
All of the conditions precedent to the obligation of the Investor to purchase Put Shares set forth in the Agreement, including but not
limited to Section 7.2 of the Agreement, have been satisfied as of the Condition Satisfaction Date.

Capitalized
terms used herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Agreement unless otherwise defined herein.

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has hereunto affixed his hand as of ________, 2025.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

EXHIBIT
C

FORM
OF TRANSFER AGENT INSTRUCTION LETTER

EXHIBIT
D

FORM
OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

DISCLOSURE
SCHEDULES

____________________________

SCHEDULE
4.10

Each
of M2B Funding Corp., IQ Financial, Inc., and any of their designees has the independent or collective right to cause the Company to
effect the registration under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company or any Subsidiary for their direct or indirect benefit.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.24
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-24.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.24 

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH
THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE
IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND,
ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO
AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE
WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION
WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

PRE-FUNDED COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

CYCURION, INC.

Warrant Shares: 4,500,000 Initial Exercise Date: April 7, 2025

THIS PRE-FUNDED WARRANT TO PURCHASE
SHARES OF COMMON STOCK (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, Yield Point NY LLC or its assigns (the Holder)
is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after
the date hereof (the Initial Exercise Date) and until this Warrant is exercised in full (the Termination
Date), but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Cycurion, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company),
up to 4,500,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock) (as subject to adjustment
hereunder, the Warrant Shares). The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal
to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

This Warrant was issued pursuant
to the terms and conditions of the Exchange Note or Funding Note sold under that Equity Purchase Agreement, dated April 7, 2025 (each
a Purchase Agreement), by and among the Company and the purchasers signatory thereto.

Section 1. Definitions.
Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement.

Section 2. Exercise.

(a) Exercise of Warrant.
Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the Initial
Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail
attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit A (the Notice of Exercise). Within
the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Day(s) comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined in
Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the number
of Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank
unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original
Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of
Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant
to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full,
at which time the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which
the Warrant Shares issuable in connection with the final Notice of Exercise are delivered by the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant
resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the
outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder by the number of Warrant Shares equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares
purchased in connection with such partial exercise. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares
purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Trading Day
of receipt of such notice. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Notice(s) of Exercise delivered on or prior to 9:00 a.m.
(New York City time) on the Initial Exercise Date, which may be delivered at any time after the time of execution of the Purchase Agreement,
the Company agrees to deliver, or cause to be delivered, the Warrant Shares subject to such notice(s) by 4:00 p.m. (New York City time)
on the Initial Exercise Date, and the Initial Exercise Date shall be the Warrant Share Delivery Date for purposes hereunder, provided
that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received by such Warrant Share Delivery
Date. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases.
The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Business Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and
any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the
purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time
will be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

1

(b) Exercise Price. The consideration
for the receipt of this Warrant, except for a nominal exercise price of $0.0001 per Warrant Share, was paid to the Company in connection
with the issuance and sale of the Exchange Note and Funding Note, and, consequently, no additional consideration (other than the nominal
exercise price of $0.0001 per Warrant Share) shall be required to be paid by the Holder to the Company to effect any exercise of this
Warrant. The Holder shall not be entitled to the return or refund of all, or any portion, of such pre-paid aggregate exercise price under
any circumstance or for any reason whatsoever, including in the event this Warrant shall not have been exercised prior to the Termination
Date. The remaining unpaid exercise price per Warrant Share under this Warrant shall be $0.0001, subject to adjustment hereunder (the
Exercise Price).

(c) Cashless Exercise. This
Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding by means of a cashless exercise
in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (A-B) (X) by (A),
where:

(A) = as applicable: (i) the VWAP
on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) both executed
and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section
2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS
promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option of the Holder, either (y) the VWAP on the Trading
Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (z) the Bid Price of the Common Stock on the principal Trading
Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg) as of the time of the Holders execution of the applicable
Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered
within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day)
pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise
is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular
trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B) = the Exercise Price, as adjusted
hereunder; and

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares
that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a
cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If Warrant Shares are issued in
such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the Warrant
Shares shall take on the characteristics of the Warrants being exercised, and the holding period of the Warrant Shares being issued may
be tacked on to the holding period of this Warrant. The Company agrees not to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

Bid Price
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or
quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading
Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City
time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the VWAP of the Common Stock for such date (or
the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB
or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding
to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the
fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Purchasers of a majority
in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid
by the Company.

2

VWAP means,
for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted
on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the
Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New
York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of
the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed
or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market (or a similar organization
or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of Common Stock so reported, or (d) in
all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by
the Purchasers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses
of which shall be paid by the Company.

Notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary, on the Termination Date, this Warrant shall be automatically exercised via cashless exercise pursuant to this Section
2(c).

(d) Mechanics of Exercise.

i. Delivery of Warrant Shares
Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted to the Holder by crediting the account
of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian
system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration
statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to, or resale of, the Warrant Shares by Holder or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible
for resale by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale limitations pursuant to Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants),
and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate (if such shares are certificated), registered in the Companys share register
in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise
to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day after the
delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise and (ii) the number of Trading Day(s) comprising the Standard Settlement Period after
the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date), in each case
subject to delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price to the Company (if applicable). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder
shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant
has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price
(other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received by the Warrant Share Delivery Date. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer
agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard
Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary
Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise. If the Company fails to
deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to
the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on
the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day
on the fifth Trading Day after such liquidated damages begin to accrue) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until
such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise.

ii. Delivery of New Warrants
Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and upon surrender
of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing the rights
of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects be
identical with this Warrant.

3

iii. Rescission Rights.
Except in connection with an exercise on the Initial Exercise Date, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the
Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind
such exercise.

iv. Compensation for Buy-In
on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if the Company
fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section 2(d)(i) above
pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase
(in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver
in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In),
then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including
brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number
of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price
at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the
portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall
be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely
complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases shares of Common Stock having a total
purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of Warrants with an aggregate sale price giving rise
to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the
Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In
and, upon request of the Company, evidence satisfactory to the Company with respect to the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit
a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree
of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver Warrant Shares upon exercise
of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

v. No Fractional Shares or
Scrip. No fractional Warrant Shares or scrip representing fractional Warrant Shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant.
As to any fraction of a Warrant Share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall,
at its election and in lieu of the issuance of such fractional Warrant Share, either (i) pay cash in an amount equal to such fraction
multiplied by the Exercise Price or (ii) round up to the next whole Warrant Share.

vi. Charges, Taxes and Expenses.
The issuance and delivery of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental
expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant
Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however, that, in
the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, the Notice of Exercise shall be accompanied
by the Assignment Form, attached hereto as Exhibit B, duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition thereto,
the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto and this Warrant shall be surrendered to the Company
and, if any portion of this Warrant remains unexercised, a new Warrant in the form hereof shall be delivered to the assignee. The Company
shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company
(or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii. Closing of Books.
The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant, pursuant
to the terms hereof.

4

(e) Holders Exercise Limitations.
The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant,
pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable
Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting as a group together with the
Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)), would beneficially own in excess
of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock
beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable
upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common
Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder
or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other
securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or
exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties.
Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance
with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that
the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder
is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this
Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together
with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, shall be in the sole discretion of the
Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable
(in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this
Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify
or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined
in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section
2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common
Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B)
a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth
the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within one (1) Trading
Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this
Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common
Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock
outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder,
upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after
giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section
2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day
after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise
than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective
or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable
to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

5

Section 3. Certain Adjustments.

(a) Stock Dividends and Splits.
If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions
on shares of Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of Common Stock (which, for avoidance
of doubt, shall not include any Warrant Shares issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares
of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common
Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the
Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of
Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number
of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall
be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant remains unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to
this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such
dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or
re-classification.

(b) Subsequent Rights Offerings.
In addition to (but without duplication of) any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues
or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to all of the record
holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire,
upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had
held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise
hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for
the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares
of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that, to the extent that
the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation,
then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of
Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the
Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

(c) Pro Rata Distributions.
During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets
(or rights to acquire its assets) to all holders of shares of its Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without
limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification,
corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) other than a dividend or other distribution of the type described
in Section 3(a) above (a Distribution), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder
shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder
had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on
exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken
for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined
for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any
such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate
in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to
such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as
its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

6

(d) Fundamental Transaction.
If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects
any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person (other than a transaction solely to change the domicile of the
Company), (ii) the Company, directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition
of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender
offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted
to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of
the outstanding Common Stock, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification,
reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively
converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related
transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization,
recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group
acquires more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or
other Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase
agreement or other business combination) (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of
this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately
prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e)
on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if
it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result
of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately
prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes
of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration
based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the
Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any
different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property
to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives
upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental
Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations
of the Company under this Warrant in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(d) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and
shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by
a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares
of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon
exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and
with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative
value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number
of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately
prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder.
Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and
after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant referring to the Company shall refer instead
to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company
under this Warrant with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein.

7

(e) Calculations. All calculations
under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share of Common Stock, as the case may be. For purposes
of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the
number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

(f) Notice to Holder.

i. Adjustment to Exercise Price.
Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly deliver to the Holder
by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares
and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii. Notice to Allow Exercise
by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common Stock, (B) the Company
shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall authorize the granting
to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any
rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock,
any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a party (other than a transaction solely to change the domicile of the Company), any
sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is
converted into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation
or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its
last email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record
or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend,
distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock
of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which
such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date
as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for
securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided
that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate
action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material,
non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission
pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the
date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

8

(g) Delayed Delivery. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, on the Termination Date, if the conditions of a cashless exercise are otherwise met, this Warrant shall
be automatically exercised via cashless exercise pursuant to this Section 2(c), and if the exercise of the Warrant pursuant to this sentence
would be prevented by the application of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then such exercise shall be delayed until the soonest date
or dates when such Warrant Shares may be permissibly be delivered without exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation notwithstanding
the prior occurrence of the Termination Date.

Section 4. Transfer of Warrant.

(a) Transferability. Subject
to the Holders appropriate compliance with the restrictive legend on this Warrant and to the provisions set forth in the Purchase
Agreement, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or
in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment
of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and
funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment,
the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination
or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this
Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall
not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case,
the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment
form to the Company assigning this Warrant or the remaining unexercised portion of this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned
in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

(b) New Warrants. Subject
to compliance with applicable securities laws, this Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at
the aforesaid office of the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to
be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved
in such division or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants
to be divided or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial issuance
date of this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

(c) Warrant Register. The
Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant Register),
in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the
absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual
notice to the contrary.

(d) Transfer Restrictions.
If, at the time of the surrender of this Warrant in connection with any transfer of this Warrant, the transfer of this Warrant shall not
be either (i) registered pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and under applicable state securities
or blue sky laws or (ii) eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current public information requirements
pursuant to Rule 144, the Company may require, as a condition of allowing such transfer, that the Holder or transferee of this Warrant,
as the case may be, comply with the provisions of Section 4.1 of the Purchase Agreement.

9

(e) Representation by Holder.
The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant and, upon any exercise hereof, will acquire
the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or reselling such Warrant
Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, except pursuant to sales registered
or exempted under the Securities Act.

Section 5. Miscellaneous.

(a) No Rights as Stockholder
Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or other rights as
a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set forth in Section 3.
Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant to Section 2(c) or to
receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in no event shall the Company be required to net cash settle an exercise of
this Warrant. For the avoidance of doubt, except as expressly set forth in this Warrant, in no event does this agreement result in the
Company having an obligation to issue cash or other assets to the Holder.

(b) Loss, Theft, Destruction
or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to it of the
loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case of loss, theft
or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include the posting
of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make and deliver
a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

(c) Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays,
etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein shall not
be a Trading Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading Day.

(d) Authorized Shares. The
Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued shares of Common
Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares underlying this Warrant. The Company further covenants
that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary
Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be
necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued and delivered as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or
regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant
Shares underlying this Warrant, which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise
of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof
(other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except and to the extent as waived
or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate of incorporation
or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary
action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all times in good faith
assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to protect the rights
of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will (i) not
increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in
par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully
paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such
authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the
Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

10

Before taking any action which
would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price, the Company
shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory body or
bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

(e) Jurisdiction. All questions
concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance with the provisions
of the Purchase Agreement.

(f) Restrictions. The Holder
acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and if the Holder does not utilize
cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

(g) Nonwaiver and Expenses.
No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as a waiver of such right
or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of this Warrant or the Purchase
Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in any material damages
to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including, but
not limited to, reasonable and documented attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting
any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

(h) Notices. Any notice,
request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall be delivered in accordance
with the notice provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

(i) Limitation of Liability.
No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant Shares, and no
enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase price of
any share of Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the
Company.

(j) Remedies. The Holder,
in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific performance
of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by
reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any action for
specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

(k) Successors and Assigns.
Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the benefit of and
be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder. The provisions
of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable by the Holder.

(l) Amendment. This Warrant
may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and the Holder.

(m) Severability. Wherever
possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if
any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the extent
of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

(n) Headings. The headings
used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

11

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

CYCURION, INC. 

By: /s/ L. Kevin Kelly 

Name: L. Kevin Kelly 

Title: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

12

EXHIBIT A

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

TO: CYCURION, INC.

(1) The undersigned hereby elects
to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised in full), and tenders
herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment shall take the form
of (check applicable box):

in lawful money of the United States; or

if
permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection
2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise
procedure set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3) Please issue said Warrant
Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

If applicable, the Warrant Shares shall be delivered
to the following DWAC Account Number:

(4) Accredited Investor.
The undersigned is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act); or (ii) a qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule 144A(a) under the Securities
Act.

SIGNATURE OF HOLDER

Name of Investing Entity

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity

Name of Authorized Signatory

Title of Authorized Signature

Date

13

EXHIBIT B

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this
form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all
rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please Print)

Address: 

(Please Print)

Phone Number 

Email Address: 

Dated: 

Holders Signature 

Holders Address 

14
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.25
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex10-25.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.25 

REGISTRATION
RIGHTS AGREEMENT

REGISTRATION
RIGHTS AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of April 7, 2025 (the Execution Date), is entered
into by and between Cycurion, Inc., a corporation incorporated in the State of Delaware (the Company), and Yield
Point NY LLC, a New York liability company (together with its permitted assigns, the Investor). Capitalized terms
used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings set forth in that certain Equity Purchase Agreement by
and between the parties hereto, dated as of the Execution Date (as amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to
time, the Purchase Agreement).

WHEREAS:

The
Company has agreed, upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Purchase Agreement, to sell to the Investor up to Sixty Million
Dollars ($60,000,000.00) of Put Shares and, to induce the Investor to enter into the Purchase Agreement, the Company has agreed to provide
certain registration rights under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder, or any similar successor
statute (collectively, the Securities Act), and applicable state securities laws.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and the mutual covenants contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Investor hereby agree as follows:

1.
DEFINITIONS.

As
used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

a.
Investor means the Investor, any transferee or assignee thereof to whom the Investor assigns its rights under this
Agreement in accordance with Section 9 and who agrees to become bound by the provisions of this Agreement, and any transferee
or assignee thereof to whom a transferee or assignee assigns its rights under this Agreement in accordance with Section 9 and
who agrees to become bound by the provisions of this Agreement.

b.
Person means any individual or entity, including, but not limited to, any corporation, limited liability company,
association, partnership, organization, business, individual, governmental or political subdivision thereof, or governmental agency.

c.
Register, Registered, and Registration refer to a registration effected
by preparing and filing one or more registration statements of the Company in compliance with the Securities Act and/or pursuant to Rule
415 under the Securities Act or any successor rule providing for the offering of securities on a continuous basis (Rule 415),
and the declaration or ordering of effectiveness of such registration statement(s) by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission
(the SEC).

d.
Registrable Securities means all of the (i) Commitment Shares, (ii) Put Shares which have been, or which may, from
time to time be issued, including without limitation all of the shares of Common Stock which have been issued or will be issued to the
Investor under the Purchase Agreement (without regard to any limitation or restriction on purchases) and (iii) any and all shares of
capital stock issued or issuable with respect to the Put Shares, Commitment Shares, and the Purchase Agreement as a result of any stock
split, combination, stock dividend, recapitalization, exchange, or similar event or otherwise, without regard to any limitation on purchases
under the Purchase Agreement.

1

e.
Registration Statement means one or more registration statements of the Company on Form S-1 covering the resale
of the Registrable Securities including the Initial Registration Statement and any New Registration Statement or Other Registration Statement
(each as defined herein).

2.
REGISTRATION.

a.
Mandatory Registration. The Company shall, by the date that is thirty (30) calendar days following the Execution Date, file with
the SEC an initial Registration Statement on Form S-1 covering the maximum number of Registrable Securities as shall be permitted to
be included thereon in accordance with applicable SEC rules, regulations, and interpretations so as to permit the resale of such Registrable
Securities by the Investor, including, but not limited to, under Rule 415 at then-prevailing market prices (and not fixed prices) (the
Initial Registration Statement). The Initial Registration Statement shall register only Registrable Securities.
The Company shall use its commercial best efforts to have the Initial Registration Statement and any amendment thereto declared effective
by the SEC at the earliest possible date, but in no event later than ninety (90) days following the Execution Date.

b.
Rule 424 Prospectus. In addition to the Initial Registration Statement, the Company shall, as required by applicable securities
regulations, from time to time file with the SEC, pursuant to Rule 424 promulgated under the Securities Act, such prospectuses and prospectus
supplements, if any, to be used in connection with sales of the Registrable Securities under each Registration Statement. The Investor
and its counsel shall have a reasonable opportunity to review and comment upon such prospectuses prior to its filing with the SEC, and
the Company shall give due consideration to all such comments. The Investor shall use its reasonable best efforts to comment upon any
prospectus within two (2) business days from the date the Investor receives the final pre-filing version of such prospectus.

c.
Sufficient Number of Shares Registered. In the event the number of shares available under the Initial Registration Statement is
insufficient to cover all of the Registrable Securities, the Company shall amend the Initial Registration Statement or file a new Registration
Statement (a New Registration Statement) so as to cover all of such Registrable Securities (subject to the limitations
set forth in Section 2(e)) as soon as practicable, but in any event not later than ten (10) business days after the necessity
therefor arises, subject to any limits that may be imposed by the SEC pursuant to Rule 415. The Company shall use its commercial best
efforts to cause such amendment and/or New Registration Statement to become effective as soon as practicable following the filing thereof.
In the event that any of the Registrable Securities are not included in the Initial Registration Statement, or have not been included
in any New Registration Statement, and the Company files any other registration statement under the Securities Act (other than on Form
S-4, Form S-8, or with respect to other employee related plans or rights offerings), then the Company shall use its commercial best efforts
to also include in such other registration statement such Registrable Securities that have not been previously Registered (such other
registration statement that Registers Registrable Securities, an Other Registration Statement).

2

d.
Effectiveness. The Investor and its counsel shall have a reasonable opportunity to review and comment upon any Registration Statement
and any amendment or supplement to such Registration Statement and any related prospectus prior to its filing with the SEC, and the Company
shall give due consideration to all reasonable comments. The Investor shall furnish all information reasonably requested by the Company
for inclusion therein. The Company shall use its commercial best efforts to keep all Registration Statements effective, including, but
not limited to, pursuant to Rule 415 and available for the resale by the Investor of all of the Registrable Securities covered thereby
at all times until the earlier of:

(i)
the date as of which the Investor may sell all of the Registrable Securities without any restrictions (including any restrictions under
Rule 144(c) or Rule 144(i)); and

(ii)
the date on which the Investor shall have sold all the Registrable Securities covered thereby and no Put Shares remain issuable under
the Purchase Agreement (the Registration Period).

In
the event that any Registration Statement filed hereunder is no longer effective and Rule 144 is available for sales of the Registrable
Securities, the Company shall provide an opinion upon request of the Investor that the Investor may sell any such Registrable Securities
held by the Investor pursuant to Rule 144 with all costs related to such opinion to be borne by the Company. Each Registration Statement
(including any amendments or supplements thereto and prospectuses contained therein) shall not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein, or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances
in which they were made, not misleading.

e.
Offering. If the staff of the SEC (the Staff) or the SEC seeks to characterize any offering pursuant to a
Registration Statement filed pursuant to this Agreement as constituting an offering of securities that does not permit such Registration
Statement to become or remain effective and be used for resales by the Investor under Rule 415 at then-prevailing market prices (and
not fixed prices) by comment letter or otherwise or, if after the filing of the Initial Registration Statement with the SEC pursuant
to Section 2(a), the Company is otherwise required by the Staff or the SEC to reduce the number of Registrable Securities included
in such initial Registration Statement, then the Company shall reduce the number of Registrable Securities to be included in such Initial
Registration Statement (with the prior consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed, or denied of the Investor and its
legal counsel as to the specific Registrable Securities to be removed therefrom) until such time as the Staff and the SEC shall so permit
such Registration Statement to become effective and be used as aforesaid. In the event of any reduction in Registrable Securities pursuant
to this paragraph, the Company shall file one or more New Registration Statements in accordance with Section 2(c) until such time
as all Registrable Securities have been included in Registration Statements that have been declared effective and the prospectuses contained
therein are available for use by the Investor. Notwithstanding any provision herein or in the Purchase Agreement to the contrary, the
Companys obligations to register Registrable Securities (and any related conditions to the Investors obligations) shall
be qualified as necessary to comport with any requirement of the SEC or the Staff as addressed in this Section 2(e).

3

f.
Liquidated Damages. If: (i) the Initial Registration Statement is not filed in accordance with Section 2(a) above (if the Company
files the Initial Registration Statement without affording the Investor the opportunity to review (and, with respect to disclosure on
the Investor, to comment) on the same as required by Section 3(b) herein, the Company shall be deemed to have not satisfied this clause
(i)), or (ii) the Company fails to file with the SEC a request for acceleration of a Registration Statement in accordance with Rule 461
promulgated by the SEC pursuant to the Securities Act, within five (5) Trading Days of the date that the Company is notified (orally
or in writing, whichever is earlier) by the SEC that such Registration Statement will not be reviewed or will not be subject
to further review, or (iii) a Registration Statement registering for resale all of the Registrable Securities is not declared effective
by the SEC in accordance with Section 2(a) above, or (iv) after the effective date of a Registration Statement, such Registration Statement
ceases for any reason to remain continuously effective as to all Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement, or the
Investor is otherwise not permitted to utilize the prospectus therein to resell such Registrable Securities, for more than thirty (30)
consecutive calendar days or more than an aggregate of forty five (45) calendar days (which need not be consecutive calendar days) during
any 12-month period (any such failure or breach being referred to as an Event, and for purposes of clauses (i) and
(iii), the date on which such Event occurs, and for purpose of clause (ii) the date on which such five (5) Trading Day period is exceeded,
and for purpose of clause (iv) the date on which such thirty (30) or forty five (45) calendar day period, as applicable, is exceeded
being referred to as Event Date), then, in addition to any other rights the Investor may have hereunder or under
applicable law, on each such Event Date and on each monthly anniversary of each such Event Date (if the applicable Event shall not have
been cured by such date) until the applicable Event is cured or, if earlier, the Company shall pay to the Investor an amount in cash,
as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty, equal to the product of 0.0025 multiplied by the Maximum Commitment Amount; provided,
however, that the Company shall not be required to make any payments with respect to Registrable Securities which may be freely
tradable pursuant to Rule 144 or any other exemption from registration under the Securities Act. The parties agree that the maximum aggregate
liquidated damages payable to the Investor under this Agreement shall be 12% of the Maximum Commitment Amount. If the Company fails to
pay any partial liquidated damages pursuant to this Section in full within seven days after the date payable, the Company will pay interest
thereon at a rate of 12% per annum (or such lesser maximum amount that is permitted to be paid by applicable law) to the Investor, accruing
daily from the date such partial liquidated damages are due until such amounts, plus all such interest thereon, are paid in full. The
partial liquidated damages pursuant to the terms hereof shall apply on a daily pro rata basis for any portion of a month prior to the
cure of an Event.

4

3.
RELATED OBLIGATIONS.

With
respect to a Registration Statement and whenever any Registrable Securities are to be Registered pursuant to Section 2, including
on any Other Registration Statement, the Company shall use its commercial best efforts to effect the registration of the Registrable
Securities in accordance with the intended method of disposition thereof and, pursuant thereto, the Company shall have the following
obligations:

a.
The Company shall prepare and file with the SEC such amendments (including post-effective amendments on Form S-1) and supplements to
any Registration Statement and any Other Registration Statement and the prospectus used in connection with such Registration Statement
and Other Registration Statement, which prospectus is to be filed pursuant to Rule 424 promulgated under the Securities Act, as may be
necessary to keep the Registration Statement effective at all times during the Registration Period, and, during such period, comply with
the provisions of the Securities Act with respect to the disposition of all Registrable Securities of the Company covered by the Registration
Statement or applicable Other Registration Statement until such time as all of such Registrable Securities shall have been disposed of
in accordance with the intended methods of disposition by the seller or sellers thereof as set forth in such registration statement.

b.
The Company shall permit the Investor to review and comment upon each Registration Statement or any Other Registration Statement and
all amendments and supplements thereto at least two (2) business days prior to their filing with the SEC, and not file any document in
a form to which Investor reasonably objects; provided, however, that any delay in the Investor or its counsel review of
the Registration Statement beyond the two (2) business day period shall extend the deadlines set forth in Section 2(a) of this Agreement
by such delay period. The Investor shall use its reasonable best efforts to comment upon the Registration Statement or any Other Registration
Statement and any amendments or supplements thereto within two (2) business days from the date the Investor receives the final version
thereof. The Company shall furnish to the Investor, without charge, and within one (1) business day, any comments and/or any other correspondence
from the SEC or the Staff to the Company or its representatives relating to the Registration Statement or any Other Registration Statement.
The Company shall respond to the SEC or the Staff, as applicable, regarding the resolution of any such comments and/or correspondence
as promptly as practicable and in any event within two weeks upon receipt thereof.

c.
Upon request of the Investor, the Company shall furnish to the Investor, (i) promptly after the same is prepared and filed with the SEC,
at least one copy of such Registration Statement and any amendment(s) thereto, including financial statements and schedules, all documents
incorporated therein by reference and all exhibits, (ii) upon the effectiveness of any Registration Statement, a copy of the prospectus
included in such Registration Statement and all amendments and supplements thereto (or such other number of copies as the Investor may
reasonably request), and (iii) such other documents, including copies of any preliminary or final prospectus, as the Investor may reasonably
request from time to time in order to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable Securities owned by the Investor. For the avoidance
of doubt, any filing available to the Investor via the SECs live EDGAR system shall be deemed furnished to the Investor
hereunder.

5

d.
The Company shall use commercial best efforts to (i) register and qualify the Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement
under such other securities or blue sky laws of New York, Delaware, and such other jurisdictions in the United States as
the Investor reasonably requests, (ii) prepare and file in those jurisdictions, such amendments (including post- effective amendments)
and supplements to such registrations and qualifications as may be necessary to maintain the effectiveness thereof during the Registration
Period, (iii) take such other actions as may be necessary to maintain such registrations and qualifications in effect at all times during
the Registration Period, and (iv) take all other actions reasonably necessary or advisable to qualify the Registrable Securities for
sale in such jurisdictions; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required in connection therewith or as a condition
thereto to (x) qualify to do business in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to qualify but for this Section
3(d), (y) subject itself to general taxation in any such jurisdiction, or (z) file a general consent to service of process in any
such jurisdiction. The Company shall promptly notify the Investor who holds Registrable Securities of the receipt by the Company of any
notification with respect to the suspension of the registration or qualification of any of the Registrable Securities for sale under
the securities or blue sky laws of any jurisdiction in the United States or its receipt of actual notice of the initiation
or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose.

e.
As promptly as practicable after becoming aware of such event or facts, the Company shall notify the Investor in writing of the happening
of any event or existence of such facts as a result of which the prospectus included in any Registration Statement, as then in effect,
includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make
the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and promptly prepare a supplement or
amendment to such Registration Statement to correct such untrue statement or omission, and deliver a copy of such supplement or amendment
to the Investor (or such other number of copies as the Investor may reasonably request). The Company shall also promptly notify the Investor
in writing (i) when a prospectus or any prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment has been filed, and when a Registration Statement
or any post-effective amendment thereto has become effective (notification of such effectiveness shall be delivered to the Investor by
e-mail or facsimile on the same day of such effectiveness and by overnight mail), (ii) of any request by the SEC for amendments or supplements
to any Registration Statement or related prospectus or related information, and (iii) of the Companys reasonable determination
that a post-effective amendment to a Registration Statement would be appropriate.

f.
The Company shall use its commercial best efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order or other suspension of effectiveness of any
registration statement, or the suspension of the qualification of any Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction and, if such
an order or suspension is issued, to obtain the withdrawal of such order or suspension at the earliest possible moment and to notify
the Investor of the issuance of such order and the resolution thereof or its receipt of actual notice of the initiation or threat of
any proceeding for such purpose. In addition, if the Company shall receive any comment letter from the SEC relating to any Registration
Statement under which Registrable Securities are Registered, the Company shall notify the Investor of the issuance of such order and
use its commercial best efforts to address such comments in a manner satisfactory to the SEC.

g.
The Company shall (i) cause all the Registrable Securities to be listed on each securities exchange on which securities of the same class
or series issued by the Company are then listed, if any, if the listing of such Registrable Securities is then permitted under the rules
of such exchange or (ii) secure designation and quotation of all the Registrable Securities on the Principal Market. The Company shall
pay all fees and expenses in connection with satisfying its obligation under this Section.

6

h.
The Company shall cooperate with the Investor to facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of DWAC Shares representing the Registrable
Securities to be offered pursuant to any Registration Statement.

i.
The Company shall at all times maintain the services of its Transfer Agent and registrar with respect to its Common Stock.

j.
If reasonably requested by the Investor, the Company shall (i) immediately incorporate in a prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment
such information relating solely to the Investor as the Investor believes should be included therein relating to the sale and distribution
of Registrable Securities, including, without limitation, information with respect to the number of Registrable Securities being sold,
the purchase price being paid therefor and any other terms of the offering of the Registrable Securities; (ii) make all required filings
of such prospectus supplement or post- effective amendment as soon as practicable upon notification of the matters to be incorporated
in such prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment; and (iii) supplement or make amendments to any Registration Statement.

k.
The Company shall use its commercial best efforts to cause the Registrable Securities covered by any Registration Statement to be registered
with or approved by such other governmental agencies or authorities as may be necessary to consummate the disposition of such Registrable
Securities.

l.
Within one (1) business day after any Registration Statement which includes Registrable Securities is declared effective by the SEC,
or any prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment including Registrable Securities is filed with the SEC, the Company shall deliver,
and shall cause legal counsel for the Company to deliver, to the Transfer Agent for such Registrable Securities (with copies to the Investor)
confirmation that such Registration Statement has been declared effective by the SEC in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A.
Thereafter, if requested by the Investor at any time, the Company shall require its counsel to deliver to the Investor a written confirmation
whether or not (i) the effectiveness of such Registration Statement has lapsed at any time for any reason (including, without limitation,
the issuance of a stop order), (ii) any comment letter has been issued by the SEC, and (iii) whether or not the Registration Statement
is current and available to the Investor for sale of all of the Registrable Securities.

m.
The Company shall take all other reasonable actions necessary to expedite and facilitate disposition by the Investor of Registrable Securities
pursuant to any Registration Statement.

4.
OBLIGATIONS OF THE INVESTOR.

a.
The Company shall notify the Investor in writing of the information the Company reasonably requires from the Investor in connection with
any Registration Statement hereunder. The Investor shall furnish to the Company such information regarding itself, the Registrable Securities
held by it, and the intended method of disposition of the Registrable Securities held by it as shall be reasonably required to effect
the registration of such Registrable Securities and shall execute such documents in connection with such registration as the Company
may reasonably request. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Registration Statement shall contain the Selling Stockholder
and Plan of Distribution sections, each in substantially the form provided to the Company by the Investor.

b.
The Investor agrees to cooperate with the Company as reasonably requested by the Company in connection with the preparation and filing
of any Registration Statement hereunder.

7

c.
The Investor agrees that, upon receipt of any notice from the Company of the happening of any event or existence of facts of the kind
described in Section 3(f) or the first sentence of Section 3(e), the Investor will immediately discontinue disposition
of Registrable Securities pursuant to any Registration Statement(s) covering such Registrable Securities until withdrawal of a stop order
contemplated by Section 3(f) or the Investors receipt of the copies of the supplemented or amended prospectus contemplated
by Section 3(e). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the Company shall cause its Transfer Agent to issue DWAC Shares promptly
in accordance with the terms of the Purchase Agreement in connection with any sale of Registrable Securities with respect to which an
Investor has entered into a contract for sale prior to the Investors receipt of a notice from the Company of the happening of
any event of the kind described in Section 3(f) or the first sentence of Section 3(e) and for which the Investor has not
yet settled.

5.
EXPENSES OF REGISTRATION.

All
reasonable Registration expenses, other than sales or brokerage commissions, incurred in connection with registrations, filings, or qualifications
pursuant to Sections 2 and 3, including, without limitation, all Company registration, listing and qualifications fees,
printers and accounting fees, and fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company (but not counsel for the Investor) shall be paid
by the Company.

6.
INDEMNIFICATION.

a.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Company will, and hereby does, indemnify, hold harmless and defend the Investor, each Person,
if any, who controls or is under common control with the Investor, the members, the directors, officers, partners, employees, agents,
representatives of the Investor, and each Person, if any, who is an affiliate of the Investor within the meaning of the
Securities Act or the Exchange Act (each, an Indemnified Person), against any losses, claims, damages, liabilities,
judgments, fines, penalties, charges, costs, attorneys fees, amounts paid in settlement, or expenses, joint or several, (collectively,
Claims) incurred in investigating, preparing, or defending any action, claim, suit, inquiry, proceeding, investigation,
or appeal taken from the foregoing by or before any court or governmental, administrative, or other regulatory agency, body, or the SEC,
whether pending or threatened, whether or not an Indemnified Person is or may be a party thereto (Indemnified Damages),
to which any of them may become subject insofar as such Claims (or actions or proceedings, whether commenced or threatened, in respect
thereof) arise out of or are based upon: (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact in a Registration Statement,
any Other Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto, or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, (ii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue
statement of a material fact contained in the final prospectus (as amended or supplemented, if the Company files any amendment thereof
or supplement thereto with the SEC) or the omission or alleged omission to state therein any material fact necessary to make the statements
made therein, in light of the circumstances under which the statements therein were made, not misleading, (iii) any violation or alleged
violation by the Company of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, any other law, including, without limitation, any state securities
law, or any rule or regulation thereunder relating to the offer or sale of the Registrable Securities pursuant to a Registration Statement
or any Other Registration Statement, or (iv) any material violation by the Company of this Agreement (the matters in the foregoing clauses
(i) through (iv) being, collectively, Violations). The Company shall reimburse each Indemnified Person promptly
as such expenses are incurred and are due and payable, for any reasonable legal fees or other reasonable expenses incurred by them in
connection with investigating or defending any such Claim. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the indemnification
agreement contained in this Section 6(a): (i) shall not apply to a Claim by an Indemnified Person arising out of or based upon
a Violation which occurs in reliance upon and in conformity with information about the Investor furnished in writing to the Company by
such Indemnified Person expressly for use in connection with the preparation of a Registration Statement, any Other Registration Statement
or any such amendment thereof or supplement thereto, if such prospectus was timely made available by the Company pursuant to Section
3(c) or Section 3(e); (ii) with respect to any superseded prospectus, shall not inure to the benefit of any such person from
whom the person asserting any such Claim purchased the Registrable Securities that are the subject thereof (or to the benefit of any
person controlling such person) if the untrue statement or omission of material fact contained in the superseded prospectus was corrected
in the revised prospectus, as then amended or supplemented, if such revised prospectus was timely made available by the Company pursuant
to Section 3(c) or Section 3(e), and the Indemnified Person was promptly advised in writing not to use the incorrect prospectus
prior to the use giving rise to a violation and such Indemnified Person, notwithstanding such advice, used it; (iii) shall not be available
to the extent such Claim is based on a failure of the Investor to deliver or to cause to be delivered the prospectus made available by
the Company, if such prospectus was timely made available by the Company pursuant to Section 3(c) or Section 3(e); and
(iv) shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any Claim if such settlement is effected without the prior written consent of the
Company, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed, denied, or conditioned. Such indemnity shall remain in full force
and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Indemnified Person and shall survive the transfer of the Registrable
Securities by the Investor pursuant to Section 9.

8

b.
Each Investor agrees (severally and not jointly) to indemnify and hold harmless, to the fullest
extent permitted by law, the Company, its directors and officers and each Person who controls the Company (within the meaning of the
Securities Act or the Exchange Act), and each other Investor, each of such other Investors respective direct or indirect partners,
members or shareholders and each of such partners, members or shareholders partners members or shareholders and,
with respect to all of the foregoing Persons, each of their respective Affiliates, employees, directors, officers, trustees or agents
and each Person who controls (within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act) such Persons and each of their respective
Representatives from and against any Losses resulting from (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained
in any Registration Statement under which such Investors Registrable Securities were Registered under the Securities Act (including
any final, preliminary or summary prospectus contained therein or any amendment or supplement thereto or any documents incorporated by
reference therein, which shall include any information that has been deemed to be a part of any prospectus under Rule 159 under the Securities
Act), or (ii) any omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the
statements therein not misleading, in each case to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement or omission is contained
in any information furnished in writing by such Investor to the Company specifically for inclusion in such Registration Statement (including,
without limitation, any written information provided for inclusion in the Registration Statement) and was known to be untrue by the Investor
at the time it was furnished.

c.
Promptly after receipt by an Indemnified Person under this Section 6 of notice of the commencement of any action or proceeding
(including any governmental action or proceeding) involving a Claim, such Indemnified Person shall, if a Claim in respect thereof is
to be made against the Company under this Section 6, deliver to the Company a written notice of the commencement thereof, and
the Company shall have the right to participate in, and, to the extent the Company so desires, to assume control of the defense thereof
with counsel mutually satisfactory to the Company and to the Indemnified Person; provided, however, that an Indemnified
Person shall have the right to retain its own counsel with the fees and expenses to be paid by the Company, if, in the reasonable opinion
of counsel retained by the Company, the representation by such counsel of the Indemnified Person and the Company would be inappropriate
due to actual or potential differing interests between such Indemnified Person and any other party represented by such counsel in such
proceeding. The Indemnified Person shall cooperate fully with the Company in connection with any negotiation or defense of any such action
or Claim by the Company and shall furnish to the Company all information reasonably available to the Indemnified Person which relates
to such action or Claim. The indemnifying party shall keep the Indemnified Person fully apprised at all times as to the status of the
defense or any settlement negotiations with respect thereto. The Company shall not be liable for any settlement of any action, Claim
or proceeding effectuated without its written consent; provided, however, that the Company shall not unreasonably withhold,
delay or condition its consent. The Company shall not, without the consent of the Indemnified Person, consent to entry of any judgment
or enter into any settlement or other compromise which does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or
plaintiff to such Indemnified Person of a release from all liability in respect to such Claim or litigation. Following indemnification
as provided for hereunder, the Company shall be subrogated to all rights of the Indemnified Person with respect to all third parties,
firms or corporations relating to the matter for which indemnification has been made. The failure to deliver written notice to the Company
within a reasonable time of the commencement of any such action shall not relieve the Company of any liability to the Indemnified Person
under this Section 6, except to the extent that the Company is prejudiced in its ability to defend such action.

d.
The indemnification required by this Section 6 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the
investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or Indemnified Damages are incurred.

e.
The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to (i) any cause of action or similar right of the Indemnified Person
against the indemnifying party or others, and (ii) any liabilities the indemnifying party may be subject to pursuant to the law.

9

7.
CONTRIBUTION.

To
the extent any indemnification by the Company is prohibited or limited by law, the Company agrees to make the maximum contribution with
respect to any amounts for which it would otherwise be liable under Section 6 to the fullest extent permitted by law; provided,
however, that: (i) no seller of Registrable Securities guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f)
of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any seller of Registrable Securities who was not guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation
and (ii) contribution by any seller of Registrable Securities shall be limited in amount to the net amount of proceeds received by such
seller from the sale of such Registrable Securities.

8.
REPORTS AND DISCLOSURE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACTS.

Notwithstanding
any other provision contained herein to the contrary, during such times that the Registration Statement is not available for resales
of Registrable Securities held by the Investor, with a view to making available to the Investor the benefits of Rule 144 promulgated
under the Securities Act or any other similar rule or regulation of the SEC that may at any time permit the Investor to sell securities
of the Company to the public without registration (Rule 144), the Company agrees, at the Companys sole expense,
to:

a.
make and keep current public information available, as such term is understood and defined in Rule 144;

b.
file with the SEC in a timely manner all reports and other documents required of the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange
Act;

c.
furnish to the Investor so long as the Investor owns Registrable Securities, promptly upon request, (i) a written statement by the Company
that it has complied with the reporting and or disclosure provisions of Rule 144, the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, (ii) a copy
of the most recent annual or quarterly report of the Company and such other reports and documents so filed by the Company, and (iii)
such other information as may be reasonably requested to permit the Investor to sell such securities pursuant to Rule 144 without registration;
and

d.
take such additional action as is reasonably requested by the Investor to enable the Investor to sell the Registrable Securities pursuant
to Rule 144, including, without limitation, delivering all such legal opinions, consents, certificates, resolutions, and instructions
to the Companys Transfer Agent as may be requested from time to time by the Investor at the Companys expense and otherwise
fully cooperate with Investor and Investors broker to effect such sale of securities pursuant to Rule 144.

The
Company agrees that damages may be an inadequate remedy for any breach of the terms and provisions of this Section 8 and that
Investor shall, whether or not it is pursuing any remedies at law, be entitled to equitable relief in the form of a preliminary or permanent
injunctions, without having to post any bond or other security, upon any breach or threatened breach of any such terms or provisions.

10

9.
ASSIGNMENT OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS.

The
Company shall not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Investor, or
any Investor as assignee pursuant to this Section 9. The Investor, or any Investor, may not assign its rights under this Agreement
without the written consent of the Company other than to an affiliate of such Investor.

10.
AMENDMENT OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS.

No
provision of this Agreement may be (i) amended other than by a written instrument signed by both parties hereto or (ii) waived other
than in a written instrument signed by the party against whom enforcement of such waiver is sought. Failure of any party to exercise
any right or remedy under this Agreement or otherwise, or delay by a party in exercising such right or remedy, shall not operate as a
waiver thereof.

11.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.

a.
Due Authorization. The Company has the requisite power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform and consummate
the transactions contemplated hereby and the execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement and the performance and consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby (i) are within the power and authority of the Company and (ii) have been duly authorized by all
necessary action of the Company. This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by the Company. Assuming the due authorization,
execution, and delivery by the Investors of this Agreement, this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Company
enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, or other similar laws relating to enforcement of creditors rights generally, and general equitable principles
relating to the availability of remedies and the public policy underlying such laws, and except as rights to indemnity or contribution,
including but not limited to, indemnification provisions set forth in Section 6 of this Agreement, may be limited by federal or
state securities law or the public policy underlying such laws. The Companys Board of Directors, at a duly called meeting or by
a written consent, has unanimously adopted and approved this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, and no other corporate
actions on the part of the Company are necessary in connection with the authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement by the
Company and the performance by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby.

b.
No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Company and the performance by the Company, or
the consummation, of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the compliance by the Company with the terms of this Agreement
do not and will not conflict with or do not result and will not result in any breach or violation of any of the terms or provisions of,
or do not constitute or will not constitute a default under, do not cause or will not cause (or do not permit or will not permit) the
maturation or acceleration of any liability or obligation or the termination of any right under, or do not result in the creation or
imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon, any property or assets of the Company pursuant to the terms of (i) the charter or
bylaws or other applicable organizational documents of the Company; (ii) any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, voting trust agreement,
stockholders agreement, note agreement or other material agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or by which it
is bound or to which its respective property is subject; or (iii) any law, statute, judgment, decree, order, rule or regulation applicable
to the Company of any government, arbitrator, court, regulatory body or administrative agency or other governmental agency or body, domestic
or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or its activities or properties.

11

c.
Consents and Approvals. No consent, approval, authorization, order, registration, notice, filing, license, recording, or qualification
of or with any court, government, or governmental agency or body, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction (other than under the Securities
Act) over the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their properties, is required for the execution and delivery by the Company
of this Agreement, the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby.

d.
Acknowledgment Regarding Investors Acquisition of Common Stock. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each Investor
is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby. The Company further acknowledges that no Investor is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar
capacity) with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and any advice given by any Investor or any of its
respective representatives or agents in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby is merely incidental
to such Investors acquisition of Common Stock. The Company further represents to each of the Investors that the Companys
decision to enter into this Agreement has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the transactions contemplated hereby by
the Company and its representatives.

11.
MISCELLANEOUS.

a.
A Person is deemed to be a holder of Registrable Securities whenever such Person owns or is deemed to own of record such Registrable
Securities. If the Company receives conflicting instructions, notices, or elections from two or more Persons with respect to the same
Registrable Securities, the Company shall act upon the basis of instructions, notice, or election received from the registered owner
of such Registrable Securities.

b.
Any notices, consents, waivers, or other communications required or permitted to be given under the terms of this Agreement must be in
writing and will be deemed to have been delivered: (i) upon receipt, when delivered personally; (ii) upon receipt, when sent by e-mail
(provided confirmation of transmission is mechanically or electronically generated and kept on file by the sending party); or (iii) one
(1) business day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight delivery service, in each case properly addressed to the party
to receive the same. The addresses for such communications shall be:

If
to the Company:

Cycurion,
Inc.

1640
Boro Place, Fourth Floor

McLean,
VA, 22102

Attention:

E-mail:

12

With
mandatory copies (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Clark
Hill LLP

555
South Flower Street, 24th Floor

Los
Angeles, CA 90071

Attention:
Randolf Katz

E-mail:
rkatz@clarkhill.com

If
to the Investor:

Yield
Point NY, LLC

23
Tamy Road

Spring
Valley, NY 10977

Attention:
Ari Kluger, Manager

E-mail:
arikluger@gmail.com

with
a mandatory copy to (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Grushko
& Mittman, P.C.

1800
Rockaway Avenue, Suite 206

Hewlett,
NY 11557

Attn:
Eliezer Drew, Esq.

E-mail:
eli@grushkomittman.com

and/or
email address and/or to the attention of such other person as the recipient party has specified by written notice given to each other
party three (3) business days prior to the effectiveness of such change. Written confirmation of receipt (A) given by the recipient of
such notice, consent, waiver or other communication, (B) mechanically or electronically generated by the senders email account
containing the time, date, recipient email address, as applicable, and an image of the first page of such transmission, or (C) provided
by a nationally recognized overnight delivery service, shall be rebuttable evidence of personal service, receipt by email or receipt
from a nationally recognized overnight delivery service in accordance with clause (i), (ii), or (iii) above, respectively.

c.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement, and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by the internal
laws of the State of Nevada, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of
Nevada or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of Nevada.

13

d.
Any disputes, claims, or controversies hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein
shall be referred to and resolved solely and exclusively by binding arbitration to be conducted before the JAMS, or its successor pursuant
the expedited procedures set forth in the JAMS Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures (the Rules), including
Rules 16.1 and 16.2 of those Rules. The arbitration shall be held in New York, New York, before a tribunal consisting of three (3) arbitrators
each of whom will be selected in accordance with the strike and rank methodology set forth in Rule 15. Either party to
this Agreement may, without waiving any remedy under this Agreement, seek from any federal or state court sitting in the Southern District
of New York any interim or provisional relief that is necessary to protect the rights or property of that party, pending the establishment
of the arbitral tribunal. The costs and expenses of such arbitration shall be paid by and be the sole responsibility of the Company,
including but not limited to the Investors attorneys fees and each arbitrators fees. The arbitrators decision
must set forth a reasoned basis for any award of damages or finding of liability. The arbitrators decision and award will be made
and delivered as soon as reasonably possible and in any case within sixty (60) days following the conclusion of the arbitration
hearing and shall be final and binding on the parties and may be entered by any court having jurisdiction thereof.

e.
If any provision of this Agreement shall be invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not
affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of this Agreement in that jurisdiction or the validity or enforceability of any
provision of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction.

f.
TO THE MAXIMUM PERMITTED BY LAW, EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL
FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED
HEREBY.

g.
This Agreement and the Purchase Agreement constitute the entire agreement among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter
hereof and thereof. There are no restrictions, promises, warranties or undertakings, other than those set forth or referred to herein
and therein. This Agreement and the Purchase Agreement supersede all prior agreements and understandings among the parties hereto with
respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof.

h.
Subject to the requirements of Section 9, this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and
permitted assigns of each of the parties hereto.

i.
The headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning hereof.

j.
This Agreement may be executed in identical counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which shall constitute
one and the same agreement. This Agreement, once executed by a party, may be delivered to the other party hereto by facsimile transmission
or by e-mail in a .pdf format data file of a copy of this Agreement bearing the signature of the party so delivering this
Agreement.

k.
Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver all
such other agreements, certificates, instruments, and documents, as the other party may reasonably request in order to carry out the
intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

l.
The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent and no rules
of strict construction will be applied against any party.

m.
This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns, and is not for
the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person.

14

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the Execution Date.

CYCURION,
INC. 

By:
/s/
L. Kevin Kelly 

Name:
L.
Kevin Kelly 

Title:
Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer 

Yield
Point NY LLC 

By:
/s/
Ari Kluger 

Name:
Ari
Kluger 

Title:
Manager 

15

EXHIBIT
A

TO
REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

FORM
OF NOTICE OF EFFECTIVENESS OF REGISTRATION STATEMENT

[____]
[____], 2025 

Equiniti
Trust Company, LLC

55
Challenger Road, Floor 2

Ridgefield
Park, New Jersey 07660

Re:
EFFECTIVENESS OF REGISTRATION STATEMENT

Ladies
and Gentlemen:

We
are counsel to Cycurion, Inc., a corporation incorporated in the State of Delaware (the Company), and have represented
the Company in connection with that certain Equity Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 7, 2025 (the Purchase Agreement),
entered into by and between the Company and Yield Point NY LLC (the Investor) pursuant to which the Company has
agreed to issue to the Investor shares of common stock of the Company, $0.0001 par value (the Common Stock), in
an amount up to Sixty Million Dollars ($60,000,000.00) (the Put Shares), in accordance with the terms of the Purchase
Agreement. In connection with the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement, the Company has registered with the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission (the SEC) the following shares of Common Stock:

(1)
________Put Shares to be issued to the Investor upon purchase from the Company by the Investor from time to time in accordance with the Purchase
Agreement; and

(2)
________Commitment Shares which were issued to the Investor pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.

Pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement, the Company also has entered into a Registration Rights Agreement, of even date with the Purchase Agreement
with the Investor (the Registration Rights Agreement) pursuant to which the Company agreed, among other things,
to register the Put Shares and the Commitment Shares under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act).
In connection with the Companys obligations under the Equity Purchase Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement, on [____]
[ ], 2025, the Company filed a Registration Statement (File No. 333-[____]) (the
Registration Statement) with the SEC relating to the resale of the Put Shares and the Commitment Shares.

In
connection with the foregoing, we advise you that a member of the SECs staff has advised us by telephone that the SEC has
entered an order declaring the Registration Statement effective under the Securities Act at [____] [A.M./P.M.] on [____], 2025 and we have no knowledge, after telephonic inquiry of a member of the SECs staff, that any stop order suspending
its effectiveness has been issued or that any proceedings for that purpose are pending before, or threatened by, the SEC and the Put
Shares are available for resale under the Securities Act pursuant to the Registration Statement and may be issued without any
restrictive legend.

Very
truly yours, [Company Counsel] 

By: 

cc: Yield
Point NY LLC
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>cycu-20250407.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>cycu-20250407_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>cycu-20250407_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Redeemable warrants, each exercisable for one share of common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>cycu-20250407_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 07, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 07, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41214

Entity Registrant Name CYCURION,
INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001868419

Entity Tax Identification Number 86-3720717

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 1640 Boro Place

Entity Address, Address Line Two Fourth Floor

Entity Address, City or Town McLean

Entity Address, State or Province VA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 22102

City Area Code (888)

Local Phone Number 341-6680

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol CYCU

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Redeemable warrants, each exercisable for one share of common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Redeemable warrants, each exercisable for one share of common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share

Trading Symbol CYCUW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=CYCU_CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=CYCU_RedeemableWarrantsEachExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
3 
24 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://cycurion.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

cycu-20250407.xsd 
cycu-20250407_def.xml 
cycu-20250407_lab.xml 
cycu-20250407_pre.xml 
form8-k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001641172-25-003864-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001868419 

2025-04-07 
2025-04-07 

0001868419 

CYCU:CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2025-04-07 
2025-04-07 

0001868419 

CYCU:RedeemableWarrantsEachExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember 

2025-04-07 
2025-04-07 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001868419 
8-K 
2025-04-07 
CYCURION, INC. 
DE 
001-41214 
86-3720717 
1640 Boro Place 
Fourth Floor 
McLean 
VA 
22102 
(888) 
341-6680 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
CYCU 
NASDAQ 
Redeemable warrants, each exercisable for one share of common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 
CYCUW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>