<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001641172-25-002360.txt : 20250402
<SEC-HEADER>0001641172-25-002360.hdr.sgml : 20250402
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250402160525
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001641172-25-002360
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250401
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250402
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250402

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Digital Brands Group, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001668010
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-APPAREL & ACCESSORY STORES [5600]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		EIN:				461942864
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40400
		FILM NUMBER:		25804326

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4700 S. BOYLE AVE
		CITY:			VERNON
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90058
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(720)937-9286

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4700 S. BOYLE AVE
		CITY:			VERNON
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90058

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Denim LA, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20160225
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000166801000016680102025-04-012025-04-01iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of

the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of report (Date of earliest event reported): April 1, 2025

DIGITAL
BRANDS GROUP, INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-40400 46-1942864

(State
or other jurisdiction

of
incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(I.R.S.
Employer

Identification
Number)

1400
Lavaca Street, Austin, TX78701

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(209)651-0172

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code)

N/A

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligations of the registrant under
any of the following provisions.

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

None N/A N/A

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01.
Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On April
1, 2025, Digital Brands Group, Inc. (the Company) entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the Open Daily APA)
with Open Daily Technologies Inc. (Open Daily). Pursuant to the terms of the Open Daily APA, the Company agreed to purchase,
and Open Daily agreed to sell certain intellectual property owned by Open Daily, including, but not limited to, patent applications,
trademarks, and software products and platforms (the Open Daily Assets), but not any liability or obligation of Open Daily
in connection with the Companys purchase of the Open Daily Assets, in exchange for the issuance by the Company of 344,827 shares
of the Companys common stock (the Open Daily Acquisition). The Open Daily Acquisition closed on April 2, 2025.

The Open
Daily APA contains certain covenants, representations, warranties and closing conditions customary for an agreement of this type, including,
but not limited to, non-competition and non-solicitation provisions.

The foregoing
description of the Open Daily APA does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the copy of the Open
Daily APA, which is filed herewith as Exhibit 10.1 and incorporated herein by reference.

Item
7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure.

On
April 2, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the Open Daily Acquisition.

The
press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated herein by reference. The information included in this Current Report
on Form 8-K, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall such information
be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall
be expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing. The information set forth under this Item 7.01 shall not be deemed an
admission as to the materiality of any information in this Current Report on Form 8-K that is required to be disclosed solely to satisfy
the requirements of Regulation FD.

Item
9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits.

Exhibit
No. Description

10.1 Asset Purchase Agreement, entered into as of April 1, 2025, by and between the registrant and Open Daily Technologies Inc.

99.1 Press release of the Company dated April 2, 2025

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

DIGITAL
BRANDS GROUP, INC.

Dated:
April 2, 2025 By: /s/
John Hilburn Davis IV

Name: John
Hilburn Davis IV

Title: President
and Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

ASSET
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This
Asset Purchase Agreement (this Agreement) is entered into as of April 1, 2025 (the Effective Date) by and
between (i) Digital Brands Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Buyer), and (ii) Open Daily Technologies Inc., a British
Columbia company (the Seller). Each of the Buyer and Seller may be referred to herein collectively as the Parties
and separately as a Party.

WHEREAS,
Seller desires to sell, and Buyer desires to purchase, the Assets (as defined below) upon the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth in this Agreement;

NOW
THEREFORE, on the stated premises and for and in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements hereinafter set forth and the mutual
benefits to the Parties to be derived herefrom, and intending to be legally bound hereby, it is hereby agreed as follows:

Article
I. DEFINITIONS

Section
1.01 Definitions. The following terms, as used herein, have the following meanings

(a) Action
means any legal action, suit, claim, investigation, hearing or proceeding, including any audit, claim or assessment for taxes or
otherwise.

(b) Affiliate
means, with respect to any Person, any other Person directly or indirectly Controlling, Controlled by, or under common Control with
such Person.

(c) Authority
means any government, any governmental, quasi- governmental or regulatory entity or body, department, commission, board, agency or
instrumentality, and any arbitrator, court, tribunal or judicial body of competent jurisdiction, any stock exchange or similar self-regulatory
organization, or body exercising, or entitled to exercise, any administrative, executive, judicial, legislative, police, regulatory
or taxing authority or power of any nature, in each case whether federal, state, county, provincial, and whether local or foreign.

(d) Business
Day means any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which banking institutions in Delaware are authorized or
required by law or executive order to close.

(e) Common
Stock shall mean the common stock of the Buyer, par value $0.0001 per share.

(f) Contract
shall mean any written or oral contract, subcontract, agreement, commitment, note, bond, mortgage, indenture, lease, license, sublicense
or other legally binding instrument or arrangement.

1

(g) Control
of a Person means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies
of such Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract, or otherwise. Controlled, Controlling
and under common Control with have correlative meanings. Without limiting the foregoing a Person (the Controlled
Person) shall be deemed Controlled by (a) any other Person (the 10% Owner) (i) owning beneficially, as meant
in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act, securities entitling such Person to cast 10% or more of the votes for election of directors
or equivalent governing authority of the Controlled Person or (ii) entitled to be allocated or receive 10% or more of the profits,
losses, or distributions of the Controlled Person; (b) an officer, director, general partner, partner (other than a limited partner),
manager, or member (other than a member having no management authority that is not a 10% Owner ) of the Controlled Person; or (c)
a spouse, parent, lineal descendant, sibling, aunt, uncle, niece, nephew, mother-in-law, father-in-law, sister-in-law, or brother-in-law
of an Affiliate of the Controlled Person or a trust for the benefit of an Affiliate of the Controlled Person or of which an Affiliate
of the Controlled Person is a trustee.

(h) Enforceability
Exceptions means (a) applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance and other similar
Laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally and (b) general principles of equity.

(i) Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

(j) Governmental
Authorization means any (a) consent, license, registration, or permit issued, granted, given, or otherwise made available
by or under the authority of any Authority or pursuant to any Law; or (b) right under any Contract with any Authority.

(k) Intellectual
Property means all United States and foreign intellectual property and all other similar proprietary rights, including all
(i) patents and patent applications, including divisionals, continuations, continuations-in-part, reissues, reexaminations and extensions
thereof and counterparts claiming priority therefrom; utility models; invention disclosures; and statutory invention registrations
and certificates; (ii) registered, pending and unregistered trademarks, service marks, trade dress, logos, trade names, limited liability
company names and other source identifiers, domain names, Internet sites and web pages; and registrations and applications for registration
for any of the foregoing, together with all of the goodwill associated therewith; (iii) registered copyrights, and registrations
and applications for registration thereof; rights of publicity; and copyrightable works; (iv) all inventions and design rights (whether
patentable or unpatentable) and all categories of trade secrets as defined in the Uniform Trade Secrets Act, including business,
technical and financial information; and (v) confidential and proprietary information, including know-how.

(l) Law
means any domestic or foreign, federal, state, municipality or local law, statute, ordinance, code, rule, or regulation.

(m) Lien
means any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge, security interest or encumbrance of any kind in respect of such asset, and any conditional
sale or voting agreement or proxy, including any agreement to give any of the foregoing.

(n) Material
Adverse Effect or Material Adverse Change means a material and adverse change or a material and adverse effect,
individually or in the aggregate, on the condition (financial or otherwise), net worth, management, earnings, cash flows, business,
operations or properties related to the Assets, whether or not arising from transactions in the ordinary course of business.

2

(o) Order
means any decree, order, judgment, writ, award, injunction, rule or consent of or by an Authority.

(p) Patent
means any patent and application therefor (including provisional applications and design patents and applications) and all reissues,
divisions, divisionals, renewals, extensions, counterparts, continuations and continuations-in-part thereof, and all patents, applications,
documents and filings claiming priority thereto or serving as a basis for priority thereof.

(q) Person
means an individual, corporation, partnership (including a general partnership, limited partnership or limited liability partnership),
limited liability company, association, trust or other entity or organization, including a government, domestic or foreign, or political
subdivision thereof, or an agency or instrumentality thereof.

(r) Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

(s) Seller
Organizational Documents means the certificate of formation and other organizational documents of Seller as Seller is required
or permitted to have under any applicable Law.

(t) Software
shall mean computer programs, including any and all software implementations of algorithms, models and methodologies whether in source
code, object code or other form, databases and compilations, including any and all data and collections of data, descriptions, flow-charts
and other work product used to design, plan, organize and develop any of the foregoing and all documentation, including user manuals
and training materials related to any of the foregoing.

Section 1.02 Interpretive
Provisions. Unless the express context otherwise requires:

(a) the
words hereof, herein, and hereunder and words of similar import, when used in this Agreement,
shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement;

(b) terms
defined in the singular shall have a comparable meaning when used in the plural, and vice versa;

(c) the
terms Dollars and $ mean United States Dollars, unless otherwise specified herein;

(d) references
herein to a specific Section, Subsection, Recital, Schedule or Exhibit shall refer, respectively, to Sections, Subsections, Recitals,
Schedules or Exhibits of this Agreement;

(e) wherever
the word include, includes, or including is used in this Agreement, it shall be deemed
to be followed by the words without limitation;

(f) references
herein to any gender shall include each other gender;

3

(g) references
herein to any Person shall include such Persons heirs, executors, personal representatives, administrators, successors and
assigns; provided, however, that nothing contained in this Section 1.02(g) is intended to authorize any assignment or transfer not
otherwise permitted by this Agreement;

(h) references
herein to a Person in a particular capacity or capacities shall exclude such Person in any other capacity;

(i) references
herein to any contract or agreement (including this Agreement) mean such contract or agreement as amended, supplemented or modified
from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof;

(j) with
respect to the determination of any period of time, the word from means from and including and the words
to and until each means to but excluding;

(k) references
herein to any Law or any license mean such Law or license as amended, modified, codified, reenacted, supplemented or superseded in
whole or in part, and in effect from time to time; and

(l) references
herein to any Law shall be deemed also to refer to all rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Article
II. PURCHASE AND SALE

Section
2.01 The Purchase and Sale.

(a) On
the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, on the Closing Date (as defined below), the Seller, who holds
beneficial ownership of the Assets, shall sell, assign, transfer and deliver to the Buyer, free and clear of all Liens, all of the
Assets. The Assets shall be comprised of the intellectual property and other assets as set forth on Exhibit A attached
to this Agreement, including, without limitation, the Intellectual Property, trademarks and trade dress associated therewith as set
forth on such Exhibit A and the domain names owned by Seller as set forth on Exhibit A (the Domain Names) and any and
all rights of Seller in and to the foregoing, and all of the goodwill and other rights of Seller relating to the Assets, which are
valued at $3,000,000 in the aggregate.

(b) In
exchange for the transfer of the Assets to the Buyer by the Seller, on the Closing Date the Buyer issue 344,827 shares of restricted
Common Stock of the Buyer (the Equity Consideration) to the Seller, which represents a price per share equal to $8.70.

(c) The
Parties acknowledge and agree that Buyer will not assume any liability or obligation of Seller in connection with Buyers purchase
of the Assets pursuant to this Agreement. Accordingly, for the avoidance of doubt, Seller shall remain responsible for the full payment
of CAD$155,891.08 to Clark Wilson LLP, which is an unsecured debt and the only outstanding liability of Seller as of the Effective
Date. 

4

Section
2.02 Closing And Payments.

(a) The
closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the Closing) shall occur on the Effective Date at the offices
of the Buyer at as set forth in Section 10.03, at 10:00 a.m. local time, or at such other date, time or place as the Parties may
agree (the date and time at which the Closing is actually held being the Closing Date). 

(b) The
Buyer shall deliver to the Seller:

(i) Within
seven (7) business days of the Effective Date, the Equity Consideration;

(ii) At
the Closing, the Bill of Sale and Trademark and Domain Name Assignment, substantially in the form as attached hereto as Exhibit B
(the Bill of Sale), duly executed by an officer of the Buyer; and

(iii) At
the Closing, this Agreement duly executed by an officer of the Buyer.

(c) At
the Closing, the Seller shall deliver to the Buyer:

(i) The
Bill of Sale, duly executed by an officer of the Seller; 

(ii) A
certificate of good standing for the Seller issued under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization and dated
a date that is within five (5) Business Days of the Closing Date; 

(iii) Duly
executed copies of the Non-Compete Agreements as required pursuant to Section 6.05; and

(iv) Duly
executed copy of consent of the Board of Directors or other applicable governing body of Seller authorizing the execution of this
Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; and

(v) Duly
executed copy of this Agreement executed by an officer of the Seller. 

(d) At
the Closing, the Parties shall execute, acknowledge, and deliver (or shall ensure to be executed, acknowledged, and delivered), any
and all certificates, opinions, financial statements, schedules, agreements, resolutions, rulings or other instruments required by
this Agreement to be so delivered at or prior to the Closing, together with such other items as may be reasonably requested by the
Parties and their respective legal counsel in order to effectuate or evidence the transactions contemplated hereby (the Transactions).

Section 2.03 Conveyance
Taxes. The Seller will pay all sales, use, value added, transfer, stamp, registration, documentary, excise, real property transfer
or gains, or similar taxes incurred as a result of the Transactions.

Section
2.04 Equity Consideration. The Seller acknowledges and agrees that the Equity Consideration to be delivered to Seller hereunder
has not been registered under the Securities Act or any securities laws of British Columbia, and is subject to limitations on resale
as set forth therein and in the rules and regulations thereunder.

5

Article
III. REPRESENTATIONS, COVENANTS, AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER

As
an inducement to Buyers execution of this Agreement, and to obtain the reliance of the Buyer, except as set forth in the disclosure
schedules as attached hereto as Schedule 3, and referencing the particular section of this Article III to which the disclosure relates
(the Seller Disclosure Schedules), the Seller represent and warrant to the Buyer, as of the Effective Date and as of the
Closing Date, as follows:

Section
3.01 Existence and Power. Seller is a corporation duly organized, validly existing, and in good
standing under the Laws of British Columbia, and has the corporate power and is duly authorized under all applicable Laws, regulations,
ordinances, and orders of public authorities to carry on its business in all material respects as it is now being conducted. Seller has
full corporate power and authority to carry on its businesses as it is now being conducted and as now proposed to be conducted and to
own or lease its properties and assets.

Section
3.02 Due Authorization. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement does not, and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby will not, violate any provision of the Seller Organizational Documents. Seller has taken all actions required by
Law, the Seller Organizational Documents or otherwise to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and to consummate
the transactions herein contemplated, the execution, delivery and performance by Seller of this Agreement and the consummation by the
Seller of the transactions contemplated hereby. 

Section
3.03 Valid Obligation. This Agreement and all agreements and other documents executed by Seller in connection herewith constitute
the valid and binding obligations of Seller enforceable in accordance with its or their terms, except as may be limited by the Enforceability
Exceptions. Neither the execution, delivery and performance by the Seller of this Agreement or any other agreements and instruments provided
for, contemplated herein or executed and delivered in connection with this Agreement (the Ancillary Agreements) to which
it is, or is specified to be, a party will contravene, violate or conflict with or result in the breach of or constitute a default under
any of the Seller Organizational Documents, contravene, conflict with, or violate, or give any Authority or other Person the right to
challenge any of the transactions contemplated in this Agreement, or to exercise any remedy or obtain any relief under, any Law or governmental
order to which the Seller or any assets owned or used by the Seller (including the Assets), could be subject; contravene, conflict with,
violate, result in the loss of any benefit to which the Seller is entitled under, or give any Authority the right to revoke, suspend,
cancel, terminate, or modify, any Governmental Authorization held by the Seller or that otherwise relates to the business of, or any
assets owned or used by, the Seller, except to the extent that the forgoing would not cause a Material Adverse Effect on the Seller;
cause any assets owned or used by the or the Seller to be reassessed or revalued by any Authority; breach, or give any Person the right
to declare a default or exercise any remedy or to obtain any additional rights under, or to accelerate the maturity or performance of,
or payment under, or cancel, terminate, or modify, any Contract to which the Seller is a party, except to the extent that the forgoing
would not cause a Material Adverse Effect on the Seller, or result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the Assets. 

Section
3.04 Governmental Authorization. Neither the execution, delivery nor performance of this Agreement by Seller requires any consent,
approval, license or other action by or in respect of, or registration, declaration or filing with any Authority. 

6

Section
3.05 Approval of Agreement. The Board of Directors or other governing body of Seller has authorized the execution and delivery
of this Agreement by Seller and has approved this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby.

Section
3.06 Ownership of Assets.

(a) Seller
is, and on the Closing Date will be, the record and beneficial owner of the Assets free and clear of all Liens, encumbrances, purchase
rights, claims, pledges, mortgages, security interests, or other limitations or restrictions whatsoever. Seller is not subject to,
or a party to, any agreements, contracts, instruments or other restrictions of any kind or character which directly or indirectly
restrict or otherwise limit in any manner the use, sale or other disposition of the Assets by Seller or by Buyer.

(b) Upon
delivery to Buyer of the Bill of Sale, Buyer will acquire lawful, valid and marketable title to the Assets free and clear of all
liens, encumbrances, purchase rights, claims, pledges, mortgages, security interests, or other limitations or restrictions whatsoever.

(c) Other
than pursuant to this Agreement, no Person has any rights to purchase or receive any of the Assets or any interests therein.

Section
3.07 IP Assets.

(a) The
Seller Disclosure Schedule sets forth (i) all of the Intellectual Property owned by the Seller
or to which the Seller has any right, title or interest (collectively, the IP Assets),
and sets forth, for each item, the full legal name of the owner of record, applicable jurisdiction,
status, application or registration number, and date of application, registration or issuance,
as applicable, and including the following information: (1) for each Patent included in the
Intellectual Property (a Seller Patent), all upcoming due dates and filing
deadlines up to and including the date that is nine (9) months after the Closing Date; (2)
for each registered trademark, trade name or service mark, the class of goods and services
covered; (3) for each URL or domain name, any renewal date and the name of the relevant registry;
and (4) for each registered mask work, the date of first commercial exploitation); and (ii)
all products that are currently sold, published, offered for sale, or under development by
the Seller and a list of all registrations and applications for registration in respect of
the IP Assets. Except as set forth in the Seller Disclosure Schedule, Seller owns (beneficially
and of record) all right, title and interest in and to all IP Assets, free and clear of all
Liens. Except as set forth in the Seller Disclosure Schedule, all of the trademark applications
within the IP Assets have been duly filed in the jurisdiction named in each such application,
are being actively prosecuted and have not been abandoned or allowed to lapse. The Domain
Names has been validly registered with an authorized domain name registrar and the registration
therefor is current through the Closing Date. Except as set forth in the Seller Disclosure
Schedule, there is no Action that is pending or, to the knowledge of Seller, threatened that
challenges the rights of Seller in respect of any IP Assets or the validity, enforceability
or effectiveness thereof. Seller has not received any written communication alleging that
Seller has infringed the intellectual property rights of any third party and there are no
Actions that are pending or, to the knowledge of Seller, threatened against Seller with respect
thereto. Except as set forth in the Seller Disclosure Schedule, to the knowledge of Seller,
there is no unauthorized use, infringement or misappropriation of the IP Assets by any third
party and there is no Action that is pending or threatened by Seller with respect thereto.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, this representation shall not limit or restrict
the transfer to Buyer pursuant to this Agreement of all right, title and interest in and
to the IP Assets owned by Seller throughout the world.

7

(b) The
Seller has complied with all the requirements of all United States, Canada, and other foreign
patent offices and all other applicable Authorities to maintain the Seller Patents in full
force and effect in all material respects, including payment of all required fees when due
to such offices or entities. Other than prior art references cited in the applicable patent
office file history of any Seller Patent (a complete copy of which the Seller has delivered
to Buyer), to the knowledge of the Seller there are no prior art references or prior public
uses, sales, offers for sale or disclosures that could invalidate the Seller Patents or any
claim thereof, or of any conduct the result of which could render the Seller Patents or any
claim thereof invalid or unenforceable.

(c) The
original, first and joint inventors of the subject matter claimed in the Seller Patents are
properly named in the Seller Patents, and the applicable statutes governing marking of Products
covered by the inventions in the Seller Patents have been fully complied with in all material
respects.

(d) The
IP Assets constitute all of the Intellectual Property used in the conduct of the business
of the Seller as now conducted or and each item of IP Assets will, immediately following
the Closing Date, be owned or licensed for use by Buyer and its Affiliates on the same terms
with which the Seller, immediately prior to the Closing Date, owns or licenses such item.
Each item of IP Assets is owned solely by the Seller free and clear of any Liens. The Seller
does not host, offer as a service, uses in a service bureau or otherwise make available in
any similar manner any IP Assets, or permits any customer, partner or other third party to
host, offer as a service, use in a service bureau or otherwise make available in any similar
manner any IP Assets. The Seller has registered or applied to register all licenses for any
IP Assets in any jurisdiction where registration is required or otherwise advantageous. Title
to all IP Assets owned or purported to be owned by the Seller, whether beneficially or otherwise,
is held by and in the name of the Seller.

(e) The
Seller is in compliance with and has not breached, violated or defaulted under, or received
written notice that it has breached, violated or defaulted under, any of the terms or conditions
of any license, sublicense or other contract to which the Seller is a party or is otherwise
bound relating to any of the IP Assets, nor to the knowledge of the Seller has there been
or is there any event or occurrence that would reasonably be expected to constitute such
a breach, violation or default (with or without the lapse of time, giving of notice or both).
The Seller is not obligated to provide any consideration (whether financial or otherwise)
to any third party, nor is any third party otherwise entitled to any consideration, with
respect to any exercise of rights by the Seller or the Buyer, as successor to the Seller,
in the IP Assets.

8

(f) No
claims (i) challenging the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or ownership by the Seller
of any of the IP Assets owned or purported to be owned by the Seller or (ii) to the effect
that any IP Asset or the conduct of the business of the Seller, including the development,
marketing, sale and support of the IP Assets, has infringed or does or will infringe or constitute
a misappropriation of any Intellectual Property or other proprietary or personal right of
any Person have been asserted or, to the knowledge of the Seller, threatened by any Person
against the Seller, nor does there exist any valid basis for such a claim. There are no Actions,
including interference, re-examination, reissue, opposition, nullity, or cancellation Actions
pending that relate to any of the Intellectual Property, other than review of pending Patent
and trademark applications, and to the knowledge of the Seller no such Actions are threatened
or contemplated by any Authority or any other Person. All Intellectual Property is valid
and subsisting. To the knowledge of the Seller, there is no unauthorized use, infringement,
or misappropriation by any third party or employee of any IP Assets owned by the Seller.

(g) The
Seller has obtained from all Persons (including former and current employees and current
or former consultants and subcontractors) who have created any portion of, or otherwise who
would have any rights in or to, the IP Assets owned by the Seller valid and enforceable (subject
to the Enforceability Exceptions) written assignments of any such work, invention, improvement
or other rights to the Seller and have delivered true and complete copies of such assignments
to Buyer. No former employee, current employee, consultant or former consultant of the Seller
has ever excluded any Intellectual Property from any written assignment executed by any such
Person in connection with work performed for or on behalf of the Seller. All amounts payable
by the Seller to consultants and former consultants involved in the development of any IP
Assets owned or purported to be owned by the Seller have been paid in full.

(h) The
Seller has not disclosed or delivered to any escrow agent or any other Person any of the
source code relating to any IP Assets. No person has any right to receive, access or use
any such source code. All source code referred to in this Section 3.07(h) is maintained in
a source code management system with commercially reasonable revision history, management,
tracking and security measures and safeguards, and such source code and associated documentation
have been written in a commercially reasonable manner so that they may be understood, modified,
used and maintained by a reasonably skilled and competent programmer. The Seller has taken
commercially reasonable measures to protect their ownership of, and rights in, all IP Assets
owned by the Seller in accordance with customary industry practices.

(i) The
IP Assets do not contain (i) any instructions, algorithms, computer code or other device
or feature designed to disrupt, disable, prevent or harm in any manner the operation of any
Software, data or hardware, including any lockout or similar license control functionality
or (ii) any unauthorized instructions, algorithms, computer code or other device or feature
(including any worm, bomb, backdoor, clock, timer, drop dead device, or other disabling device,
code, design or routine) that maliciously causes or is intended to cause harm to any Software,
data or hardware, including any such device or feature intended to (1) cause any Software,
data or hardware to be erased, modified, damaged, or rendered inoperable or otherwise incapable
of being used, as applicable, (2) replicate or propagate itself throughout other Software,
data or hardware, (3) alter or usurp the normal operation of any Software or hardware, (4)
search for and consume memory within a computer or system or (5) transmit data, in each case,
either automatically, with the passage of time or upon command by any Person other than the
proper user.

9

(j) The
Seller has not (i) transferred ownership of, or granted any exclusive license with respect
to, any IP Assets to any other Person or (ii) granted any customer the right to use any IP
Asset or portion thereof on anything other than a non-exclusive basis or for anything other
than such customers internal business purposes. No funding, facilities or personnel
of any educational institution or Authority were used, directly or indirectly, to develop
or create, in whole or in part, any IP Assets.

(k) To
the knowledge of the Seller, there is no governmental prohibition or restriction on the use
of any IP Assets in any jurisdiction in which the Seller currently conducts or has conducted
business or on the export or import of any of the IP Assets from or to any such jurisdiction.

(l) The
Seller has never agreed to indemnify any Person for or against any interference, infringement,
misappropriation, or other conflict with respect to any of the IP Assets.

(m) The
Seller shall, prior to the execution of this Agreement, terminate all Contracts pursuant
to which the Seller is obligated to provide maintenance, support or similar services (such
Contracts, as supplemented below, are referred to collectively as the Maintenance
and Support Obligation Agreements) with respect to any IP Asset. The Seller is in
compliance with and has not breached, violated or defaulted under, or received notice that
they have breached, violated or defaulted under any of the terms or conditions of any Maintenance
and Support Obligation Agreement.

Section
3.08 Restrictions on Business Activities. There is no Contract or Order to which the Seller
is a party or otherwise binding upon the Seller that has or may reasonably be expected to have the effect of prohibiting, limiting, restricting,
or impairing in a material respect any business practice of Buyer following the Closing, any acquisition or disposition of material property
(tangible or intangible) by the Seller, the conduct of business by the Seller, as currently conducted, or otherwise limiting in a material
respect the freedom of the Seller or the Buyer, following the Closing, to engage in any line of business or to compete with any Person.

Section
3.09 Privacy and Data Protection.

(a) Each
of the Seller and its Affiliates has complied in all material respects with all applicable
international, federal, state, and local laws, rules, regulations, directives and governmental
requirements relating in any way to the availability, integrity, security, privacy, or confidentiality
of Personal Data (collectively, Privacy Laws), including the Health Insurance
Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 as amended and all implementing regulations and
including with respect to the privacy of Seller employees and of users of the Sellers
products, services, and websites. Personal Data means any information relating
to an identified or identifiable individual, whether such data is in individual or aggregate
form and regardless of the media in which it is contained; and Process or Processing
means any operation or set of operations performed upon Personal Data or confidential information,
whether or not by automatic means, such as creating, collecting, procuring, obtaining, accessing,
recording, organizing, storing, adapting, altering, retrieving, consulting, using or disclosing,
disseminating or destroying the data.

10

(b) There
has been no loss, damage, to the knowledge of the Seller, theft, breach or unauthorized or
accidental access, acquisition, use, disclosure or other incident involving Personal Data
or confidential information maintained by or on behalf of the Seller, nor any complaints
or claims asserted by any Person (including any Authority) related to the Processing of Personal
Data or confidential information by the Seller or by another Person (including any Seller)
Processing Personal Data or confidential information on behalf of the Seller, and (ii) to
the knowledge of the Seller, there has been no legal proceeding brought by any Person that
any product or service of the Seller was the cause of, or a contributing cause of, or facilitated,
any incident involving Personal Data or confidential information maintained by any other
Person, nor a legal proceeding brought by any Person that the Seller was otherwise liable
for any incident or violation of any Privacy Law. Each of the Seller and its Affiliates has
made all necessary disclosures to, and obtained any necessary consents from, users, customers,
employees, contractors, and other Persons as required by applicable Privacy Laws, and has
filed any required registrations with the relevant data protection authorities.

(c) The
IP Assets do not (i) contain any defect, vulnerability, or error (including any defect, vulnerability,
or error relating to or resulting from the display, manipulation, Processing, storage, transmission,
or use of any data) that materially adversely affects Personal Data or confidential information
or the use, functionality, or security, or performance of the Sellers information
technology hardware and Software; (ii) fail to materially comply with any applicable warranty
or other contractual commitment relating to the Personal Data or confidential information
or the use, functionality, security, or performance of the Sellers information technology
hardware and software; or (iii) contain any malicious code designed or intended to perform
any of the following functions: (1) disrupting, disabling, harming or otherwise impeding
in any manner the operation of, or providing unauthorized access to, a computer system or
network or other device; or (2) damaging, destroying, disclosing, or misusing any data (including
Personal Data and confidential information) or file. The Seller maintains appropriate safeguards
designed to prevent occurrence of the defects, vulnerabilities, errors, malicious code, and
noncompliance referenced in the preceding sentence.

Section
3.10 Information. The information concerning the Seller and the Assets set forth in this Agreement and in the Seller Disclosure
Schedules is complete and accurate in all material respects and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
a material fact required to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

Section
3.11 Absence of Certain Changes or Events . Since April 1, 2024, there has not been any Material Adverse Change in the Assets.

Section
3.12 Litigation and Proceedings.There are no actions, suits, proceedings, or investigations pending
or, to the knowledge of Seller after reasonable investigation, threatened, by or against Seller or affecting any of the Assets, at law
or in equity, before any court or other governmental agency or instrumentality, domestic or foreign, or before any arbitrator of any
kind. Seller has no knowledge of any material default on its part with respect to any judgment, order, injunction, decree, award, rule,
or regulation of any court, arbitrator, or governmental agency or instrumentality or of any circumstances which, after reasonable investigation,
would result in the discovery of such a default.

11

Section
3.13 Compliance With Laws and Regulations. To the best of its knowledge, Seller has complied with all applicable statutes and
regulations of any provincial, federal, state, or other governmental entity or agency thereof, except to the extent that noncompliance
would not materially and adversely affect the Assets. 

Section
3.14 Brokers. No agent, broker, finder or investment banker is entitled to any brokerage, finders or similar fee or commission
from the Seller or the Seller Securityholders in connection with the Transactions based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of the
Seller or any Seller Securityholder.

Section
3.15 Accredited Investor. Seller represents and warrants that Seller is an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation
D as promulgated under the Securities Act and shall submit to the Buyer such further assurances of such status as may be reasonably requested
by the Buyer in connection therewith. The Seller, on behalf of itself and all of its members, (i) represents and warrants to the Buyer
that Seller has such experience in business and financial matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment
in the Equity Consideration, (ii) acknowledges that an investment in the Equity Consideration is speculative and involves a high degree
of risk, (iii) understands that no U.S. federal or state agency or any other government or governmental agency has passed on or made
any recommendation or endorsement of the Equity Consideration or the fairness or suitability of an investment in the Equity Consideration,
nor have such authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Equity Consideration, (iv) represents and warrants
to the Buyer that Seller is acquiring the Equity Consideration for its own account and not with a present view towards the public sale
or distribution thereof, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted from registration under the Securities Act, and (v) represents
and warrants to the Buyer that Seller has reviewed all information included in the Buyers public filings with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, including but not limited to the risk factors included therein.

Article
IV. REPRESENTATIONS, COVENANTS, AND WARRANTIES OF BUYER

As
an inducement to Sellers execution of this Agreement, and to obtain the reliance of the Seller, except as set forth in this Agreement,
the Buyer represents and warrants to the Seller, as of the Effective Date and as of the Closing Date, as follows:

Section
4.01 Organization. The Buyer is a corporation duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the Laws of the State
of Delaware and has the corporate power and is duly authorized under all applicable Laws, regulations, ordinances, and orders of public
authorities to carry on its business in all material respects as it is now being conducted. The execution and delivery of this Agreement
does not, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby will not, violate any provision of the Buyers Organizational
Documents. The Buyer has taken all action required by Law, the Buyers Organizational Documents, or otherwise to authorize the
execution and delivery of this Agreement, and the Buyer has full power, authority, and legal right and has taken all action required
by Law, the Buyers Organizational Documents or otherwise to consummate the transactions herein contemplated.

Section
4.02 Information. The information concerning the Buyer set forth in this Agreement and the Buyer Schedules is complete and accurate
in all material respects and does not contain any untrue statements of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

12

Section
4.03 Valid Obligation. This Agreement and all agreements and other documents executed by the Buyer in connection herewith constitute
the valid and binding obligation of the Buyer, enforceable in accordance with its or their terms, except as may be limited by the Enforceability
Exceptions.

Article
V. CONDITIONS TO CLOSING

Section
5.01 Condition to the Obligations of all of the Parties. The obligations of all of the Parties to consummate the Closing are subject
to the satisfaction, or waiver by each of the Parties, on the Effective Date, of all the following conditions:

(a) No
provisions of any applicable Law, and no Order shall prohibit or impose any condition on
the consummation of the Closing.

(b) There
shall not be any Action brought by a third-party non-Affiliate to enjoin or otherwise restrict
the consummation of the Closing.

(c) The
Parties shall have received all necessary approvals from all required authorities to consummate
the transactions contemplated herein.

Section
5.02 Condition to the Obligations of the Buyer. The obligations of the Buyer to consummate the Closing are subject to the satisfaction
(or waiver by the Buyer), on the Effective Date, of the following conditions: 

(a) The
representations and warranties made by the Seller in this Agreement shall have been true
and correct when made and shall be true and correct in all material respects (other than
representations and warranties which are qualified as to materiality, which shall be true
and correct in all respects) at the Effective Date, except for changes therein permitted
by this Agreement;

(b) No
Material Adverse Change shall have occurred in the Assets prior to or at the Closing;

(c) The
Seller shall have performed or complied with all covenants and conditions required by this
Agreement to be performed or complied with by Seller prior to or at the Closing; and

(d) No
Order, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, injunction, stay, decree, judgment or
restraining order shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or enforced by any court
or governmental or regulatory Authority or instrumentality which prohibits the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby;

13

Section
5.03 Condition to the Obligations of the Seller. The obligations of the Seller to consummate the Closing are subject to the satisfaction
(or waiver by the Seller), on the Effective Date, of the following conditions: 

(a) The
representations and warranties made by the Buyer in this Agreement shall have been true and
correct when made and shall be true and correct in all material respects (other than representations
and warranties which are qualified as to materiality, which shall be true and correct in
all respects) at the Effective Date, except for changes therein permitted by this Agreement;

(b) The
Buyer shall have performed or complied with all covenants and conditions required by this
Agreement to be performed or complied with by the Buyer prior to or at the Closing; and

(c) No
Order, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, injunction, stay, decree, judgment or
restraining order shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or enforced by any court
or governmental or regulatory authority or instrumentality which prohibits the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby.

Article
VI. ADDITIONAL COVENANTS AND AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

Section
6.01 Access to Properties and Records. From the Effective Date until the Closing or the earlier termination of this Agreement
in accordance with its terms, Seller will afford to the officers and authorized representatives of the Buyer full access to the properties,
books and records of the Seller as relates to the Assets in order that the Buyer may have a full opportunity to make such reasonable
investigation as it shall desire to make of the Assets, and will furnish the Buyer with such additional financial and operating data
and other information as to the Assets as the Buyer shall from time to time reasonably request. In addition, from the Effective Date
and following the Closing, Seller shall make available to Buyer the services of Sellers officers to assist in the transfer of
the Assets to the Buyer and the commencement of their operation in the hands of the Buyer following the Closing.

Section
6.02 Third Party Consents and Certificates. The Buyer and the Seller agree to cooperate with each other in order to obtain any
required third-party consents to this Agreement and the transactions herein contemplated.

Section
6.03 Sellers Covenants. From and after the Effective Date until the earlier of the Closing or the termination of this Agreement
in accordance with its terms:

(a) Seller
will give the Buyer prompt written notice of any material change in or affecting the Assets;

(b) the
Seller shall perform in all material respects all of its obligations under material contracts,
leases, and instruments relating to or affecting the Assets;

(c) the
Seller shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to maintain and preserve the Assets
in their current state; and

(d) the
Seller shall fully comply with and perform in all material respects all obligations and duties
imposed on it by all federal, foreign and state Laws and all rules, regulations, and orders
imposed by federal, foreign or state governmental authorities with respect to the Assets.

14

Section
6.04 Limitations on Actions. From and after the Effective Date until the earlier of the Closing or the termination of this Agreement
in accordance with its terms, except as required by this Agreement, Seller shall not sell any portion of the Assets, or grant or agree
to any Lien or security interest therein.

Section
6.05 Non-Competition and Non-Solicit.

(a) From
and after the Closing Date and for a period of two (2) years thereafter (the Non-Compete
Term), the Seller, on behalf of itself and all of its members, agrees that it shall
not, directly or indirectly,

(i) become
an employee, director, consultant, shareholder, member, joint venture partner, advisor of,
or otherwise affiliated with, any entity which provides, in whole or in part, the same or
similar services and/or products offered by the Seller with respect to the Assets preceding
the Closing Date (each, a Competing Business); or

(ii) solicit
or hire or encourage the solicitation or hiring of any person who was an employee of the
Seller at any time preceding the Closing Date in connection with a Competing Business.

(b) At
the Closing, and as a condition thereof, Matthew Schmidt, Miriam Alden, Anuj Pandy, Jin Lee,
Zaman Valli-Hashem, and Nick Oostveen shall also enter into a non-competition and non-solicit
agreement (the Non-Compete Agreements) with the Buyer, a form of which is attached
hereto as Exhibit C.

(c) For
the purpose of this Section 6.05 only, the term Buyer shall mean the Buyer
and its subsidiaries.

Article
VII. TERMINATION

Section
7.01 Termination . This Agreement may be terminated:

(a) At
any time prior to the Closing by the mutual written consent of the Buyer and Seller;

(b) By
the Buyer (i) if the conditions to Closing as set forth in Section 5.01 and Section 5.02
have not been satisfied or waived by the Buyer, which waiver the Buyer may give or withhold
in its sole discretion, by the Effective Date, provided, however, that the Buyer may not
terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 7.01(b) if the reason for the failure of
any such condition to occur was the breach of the terms of this Agreement by the Buyer; or
(ii) or there has been a material violation, breach or inaccuracy of any representation,
warranty, covenant or agreement of Seller contained in this Agreement, which violation, breach
or inaccuracy would cause any of the conditions set forth in Section 5.02 not to be satisfied,
and such violation, breach or inaccuracy has not been waived by the Buyer;

(c) By
Seller (i) if the conditions to Closing as set forth in Section 5.01 and Section 5.03 have
not been satisfied or waived by the Seller, which waiver the Seller may give or withhold
in its sole discretion, by the Effective Date, provided, however, that Seller may not terminate
this Agreement pursuant to this Section 7.01(c) if the reason for the failure of any such
condition to occur was the breach of the terms of this Agreement by Seller; or (ii) or there
has been a material violation, breach or inaccuracy of any representation, warranty, covenant
or agreement of the Buyer contained in this Agreement, which violation, breach or inaccuracy
would cause any of the conditions set forth in Section 5.03 not to be satisfied, and such
violation, breach or inaccuracy has not been waived by Seller; or

(d) At
any time prior to the Closing by any Party, if a court of competent jurisdiction or other
Authority shall have issued an order or taken any other action permanently restraining, enjoining
or otherwise prohibiting the transactions contemplated under this Agreement and such order
or action shall have become final and nonappealable.

15

Section
7.02 Survival After Termination. If this Agreement is terminated by in accordance with Section 7.01, this Agreement shall become
void and of no further force and effect with no liability to any Person on the part of any Party hereto (or any officer, agent, employee,
direct or indirect holder of any equity interest or securities, or Affiliates of any Party); provided, however, that this Section 7.02,
Article VIII, Article IX and Article X shall survive the termination of this Agreement and (iii) nothing herein shall relieve any
Party from any liability for fraud or any willful and material breach of the provisions of this Agreement prior to the termination of
this Agreement.

Article
VIII. INDEMNIFICATION

Section
8.01 Indemnification of Buyer. Seller hereby agrees to indemnify
and hold harmless to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law the Buyer, each of its Affiliates and each of its and their respective
members, managers, partners, directors, officers, employees, stockholders, attorneys and agents and permitted assignees (each a Buyer
Indemnified Party), against and in respect of any and all out-of-pocket loss, cost, payments, demand, penalty, forfeiture, expense,
liability, judgment, deficiency or damage, and diminution in value or claim (including actual costs of investigation and attorneys
fees and other costs and expenses) (all of the foregoing collectively, Losses) incurred or sustained by any Buyer Indemnified
Party as a result of or in connection with (i) any breach, inaccuracy or nonfulfillment or the alleged breach, inaccuracy or nonfulfillment
of any of the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements of the Seller contained herein or in any of the additional agreements
or any certificate or other writing delivered pursuant hereto; and (ii) the ownership, and operation of the Assets prior to the Closing
Date, including due to any Actions by any third parties with respect to the Assets for any period prior to the Closing Date.

Section
8.02 Indemnification of Seller. The Buyer hereby agrees to indemnify
and hold harmless to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law the Seller and its officers, directors, employees, stockholders,
attorneys and agents and permitted assignees (each a Seller Indemnified Party), against and in respect of any and all Losses
incurred or sustained by any Seller Indemnified Party as a result of or in connection with (i) any breach, inaccuracy or nonfulfillment
or the alleged breach, inaccuracy or nonfulfillment of any of the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements of the Buyer
contained herein or in any of the additional agreements or any certificate or other writing delivered pursuant hereto; and (ii) and the
ownership, and operation of the Assets following the Closing Date, including due to any Actions by any third parties with respect to
the Assets for any period following the Closing Date.

16

Section
8.03 Procedure. The following shall apply with respect to all claims by any Seller Indemnified Party or Buyer Indemnified Party
for indemnification:

(a) An
indemnified Party shall give the indemnifying Party prompt notice (an Indemnification
Notice) of any third-party Action with respect to which such indemnified Party seeks
indemnification pursuant to Section 8.01 or Section 8.02 (a Third-Party Claim),
which shall describe in reasonable detail the Loss that has been or may be suffered by the
indemnified Party. The failure to give the Indemnification Notice shall not impair any of
the rights or benefits of such indemnified Party under Section 8.01 or Section 8.02, except
to the extent such failure materially and adversely affects the ability of the indemnifying
Party to defend such claim or increases the amount of such liability.

(b) In
the case of any Third-Party Claims as to which indemnification is sought by any indemnified
Party, such indemnified Party shall be entitled, at the sole expense and liability of the
indemnifying Party, to exercise full control of the defense, compromise or settlement of
any Third-Party Claim unless the indemnifying Party, within a reasonable time after the giving
of an Indemnification Notice by the indemnified Party (but in any event within ten (10) days
thereafter), shall (i) deliver a written confirmation to such indemnified Party that the
indemnification provisions of Section 8.01 or Section 8.02 are applicable to such Action
and the indemnifying Party will indemnify such indemnified Party in respect of such Action
pursuant to the terms of this Article VIII and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary,
shall do so without asserting any challenge, defense, limitation on the indemnifying Partys
liability for Losses, counterclaim or offset, (ii) notify such indemnified Party in writing
of the intention of the indemnifying Party to assume the defense thereof, and (iii) retain
legal counsel reasonably satisfactory to such indemnified Party to conduct the defense of
such Third-Party Claim.

(c) If
the indemnifying Party assumes the defense of any such Third-Party Claim pursuant to Section
8.03(b), then the indemnified Party shall cooperate with the indemnifying Party in any manner
reasonably requested in connection with the defense, and the indemnified Party shall have
the right to be kept fully informed by the indemnifying Party and their legal counsel with
respect to the status of any legal proceedings, to the extent not inconsistent with the preservation
of attorney-client or work product privilege. If the indemnifying Party so assumes the defense
of any such Third-Party Claim, the indemnified Party shall have the right to employ separate
counsel and to participate in (but not control) the defense, compromise, or settlement thereof,
but the fees and expenses of such counsel employed by the indemnified Party shall be at the
expense of such indemnified Party unless (i) the indemnifying Party has agreed to pay such
fees and expenses, or (ii) the named parties to any such Third-Party Claim (including any
impleaded parties) include an indemnified Party and the indemnifying Party and the indemnified
Party shall have been advised by its counsel that there may be a conflict of interest between
such indemnified Party and the indemnifying Party in the conduct of the defense thereof,
and in any such case the reasonable fees and expenses of such separate counsel shall be borne
by the indemnifying Party.

17

(d) If
the indemnifying Party elects to assume the defense of any Third-Party Claim pursuant to
Section 8.03(b), the indemnified Party shall not pay, or permit to be paid, any part of any
claim or demand arising from such asserted liability unless the indemnifying Party withdraws
from or fails to vigorously prosecute the defense of such asserted liability, or unless a
judgment is entered against the indemnified Party for such liability. If the indemnifying
Party does not elect to defend, or if, after commencing or undertaking any such defense,
the indemnifying Party fails to adequately prosecute or withdraw such defense, the indemnified
Party shall have the right to undertake the defense or settlement thereof, at the indemnifying
Partys expense. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the indemnifying Party shall
not be entitled to control, but may participate in, and the indemnified Party (at the expense
of the indemnifying Parties) shall be entitled to have sole control over, the defense or
settlement of (x) that part of any Third Party Claim (i) that seeks a temporary restraining
order, a preliminary or permanent injunction or specific performance against the indemnified
Party, or (ii) to the extent such Third Party Claim involves criminal allegations against
the indemnified Party or (y) the entire Third Party Claim if such Third Party Claim would
impose liability on the part of the indemnified Party. In the event the indemnified Party
retains control of the Third-Party Claim, the indemnified Party will not settle the subject
claim without the prior written consent of the indemnifying Party, which consent will not
be unreasonably withheld or delayed.

(e) If
the indemnified Party undertakes the defense of any such Third-Party Claim pursuant to Section
8.03(b) and proposes to settle the same prior to a final judgment thereon or to forgo appeal
with respect thereto, then the indemnified Party shall give the indemnifying Party prompt
written notice thereof and the indemnifying Party shall have the right to participate in
the settlement, assume or reassume the defense thereof or prosecute such appeal, in each
case at the indemnifying Partys expense. The indemnifying Party shall not, without
the prior written consent of such indemnified Party settle or compromise or consent to entry
of any judgment with respect to any such Third-Party Claim (i) in which any relief other
than the payment of money damages is or may be sought against such indemnified Party, (ii)
in which such Third Party Claim could be reasonably expected to impose or create a monetary
liability on the part of the indemnified Party (such as an increase in the indemnified Partys
income tax) other than the monetary claim of the third party in such Third-Party Claim being
paid pursuant to such settlement or judgment, or (iii) which does not include as an unconditional
term thereof the giving by the claimant, person conducting such investigation or initiating
such hearing, plaintiff or petitioner to such indemnified Party of a release from all liability
with respect to such Third-Party Claim and all other Actions (known or unknown) arising or
which might arise out of the same facts.

Section
8.04 Payments. Any indemnification required by this Article VIII for costs, disbursements or expenses of any indemnified Party
in connection with investigating, preparing to defend or defending any Action shall be made by periodic payments by the indemnifying
Party to each indemnified Party during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or costs, disbursements
or expenses are incurred.

Section
8.05 Insurance. Any indemnification payments hereunder shall take into account any insurance proceeds or other third-party reimbursement
actually received.

Section
8.06 Time Limit. The obligations of the Seller and the Buyer under Section 8.01 and Section 8.02 shall expire two (2) years from
the Closing Date, except with respect to (i) an indemnification claim asserted in accordance with the provisions of this Article VIII
which remains unresolved, for which the obligation to indemnify shall continue until such claim is resolved; (ii) resolved claims for
which payment has not yet been paid to the indemnified Party; and (iii) claims pursuant to Section 10.01.

18

Section
8.07 Limitations. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article VIII, neither the Buyer nor the Seller shall be obligated
to indemnify the other for any Losses hereunder until all such to-be-indemnified Partys Losses exceed $10,000 (the Basket),
and shall thereafter be obligated to indemnify the other Party up to a maximum amount of $3,000,000 (the Cap). For the
avoidance of doubt, the Basket and the Cap shall apply (i) as to all of the Buyer Indemnified Parties collectively, and the Seller shall
not be obligated to satisfy the Basket, and shall not be subject to the Cap, with respect to each individual Buyer Indemnified Party;
and (ii) as to all of the Seller Indemnified Parties collectively, and the Buyer shall not be obligated to satisfy the Basket, and shall
not be subject to the Cap, with respect to each individual Seller Indemnified Party.

Article
IX. DISPUTE RESOLUTION

Section
9.01 Arbitration.

(a) The
Parties shall promptly submit any dispute, claim, or controversy arising out of or relating
to this Agreement (including with respect to the meaning, effect, validity, termination,
interpretation, performance, or enforcement of this Agreement) or any alleged breach thereof
(including any action in tort, contract, equity, or otherwise), to binding arbitration before
one arbitrator (the Arbitrator) to be jointly selected by the Buyer and the
Seller. Binding arbitration shall be the sole means of resolving any dispute, claim, or controversy
arising out of or relating to this Agreement (including with respect to the meaning, effect,
validity, termination, interpretation, performance or enforcement of this Agreement) or any
alleged breach thereof (including any claim in tort, contract, equity, or otherwise).

(b) If
the Buyer and the Seller cannot agree upon the Arbitrator within ten (10) Business Days of
the commencement of the efforts to so agree on an Arbitrator, each of the Buyer and the Seller
shall select one arbitrator and the two arbitrators so selected shall select the Arbitrator.

(c) The
laws of the State of Delaware shall apply to any arbitration hereunder. In any arbitration
hereunder, this Agreement and any agreement contemplated hereby shall be governed by the
laws of the State of Delaware applicable to a contract negotiated, signed, and wholly to
be performed in the State of Delaware, which laws the Arbitrator shall apply in rendering
his decision. The Arbitrator shall issue a written decision, setting forth findings of fact
and conclusions of law, within sixty (60) days after he shall have been selected. The Arbitrator
shall have no authority to award punitive or other exemplary damages.

(d) The
arbitration shall be held in the State of Delaware in accordance with and under the then-current
provisions of the rules of the American Arbitration Association, except as otherwise provided
herein.

(e) On
application to the Arbitrator, any Party shall have rights to discovery to the same extent
as would be provided under the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, and the Federal Rules of
Evidence shall apply to any arbitration under this Agreement; provided, however, that the
Arbitrator shall limit any discovery or evidence such that his decision shall be rendered
within the period referred to in Section 9.01(c).

19

(f) The
Arbitrator may, at his discretion and at the expense of the Party who will bear the cost
of the arbitration, employ experts to assist him in his determinations.

(g) The
costs of the arbitration proceeding and any proceeding in court to confirm any arbitration
award or to obtain relief, as applicable (including actual attorneys fees and costs),
shall be borne by the unsuccessful Party and shall be awarded as part of the Arbitrators
decision, unless the Arbitrator shall otherwise allocate such costs in such decision. The
determination of the Arbitrator shall be final and binding upon the Parties and not subject
to appeal.

(h) Any
judgment upon any award rendered by the Arbitrator may be entered in and enforced by any
court of competent jurisdiction. The Parties expressly consent to the non-exclusive jurisdiction
of the courts (Federal and state) in the State of Delaware to enforce any award of the Arbitrator
or to render any provisional, temporary, or injunctive relief in connection with or in aid
of the Arbitration. The Parties expressly consent to the personal and subject matter jurisdiction
of the Arbitrator to arbitrate any and all matters to be submitted to arbitration hereunder.
None of the Parties hereto shall challenge any arbitration hereunder on the grounds that
any party necessary to such arbitration (including the Parties) shall have been absent from
such arbitration for any reason, including that such Party shall have been the subject of
any bankruptcy, reorganization, or insolvency proceeding.

Section
9.02 Waiver of Jury Trial.

(a) EACH
PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT
IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT
OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREIN OR THE PERFORMANCE
THEREOF (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES
THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR
OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE
FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED
TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS
IN THIS SECTION 9.02(a).

(b) Each
of the Parties acknowledge that each has been represented in connection with the signing
of this waiver by independent legal counsel selected by the respective Party and that such
Party has discussed the legal consequences and import of this waiver with legal counsel.
Each of the Parties further acknowledge that each has read and understands the meaning of
this waiver and grants this waiver knowingly, voluntarily, without duress and only after
consideration of the consequences of this waiver with legal counsel.

20

Article
X. MISCELLANEOUS

Section
10.01 Brokers. The Buyer and Seller agree that there were no finders or brokers involved in bringing the Parties together or who
were instrumental in the negotiation, execution or consummation of this Agreement. The Buyer and the Seller each agree to indemnify the
other against any claim by any third person other than those described above for any commission, brokerage, or finders fee arising
from the transactions contemplated hereby based on any alleged agreement or understanding between the indemnifying Party and such third
person, whether express or implied from the actions of the indemnifying Party, pursuant to the provisions of Article VIII.

Section
10.02 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, enforced, and construed under and in accordance with the Laws of the
State of Delaware, without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of law thereunder. Each of the Parties irrevocably consents and
agrees that any legal or equitable action or proceedings arising under or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought exclusively
in the state or federal courts of the United States with jurisdiction in the State of Delaware. By execution and delivery of this Agreement,
each Party hereto irrevocably submits to and accepts, with respect to any such action or proceeding, generally and unconditionally, the
jurisdiction of the aforesaid courts, and irrevocably waives any and all rights such Party may now or hereafter have to object to such
jurisdiction.

Section
10.03 Notices.

(a) Any
notice or other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall
be sufficiently given if personally delivered to it or sent by email, overnight courier or
registered mail or certified mail, postage prepaid, addressed as follows:

If
to the Buyer:

Digital
Brands Group, Inc.

Attn:
John Hilburn Davis IV, Chief Executive Officer

1400
Lavaca Street

Austin,
TX 78701

E-mail:
hil@dstld.la

If
to the Seller:

Open
Daily Technologies Inc.

800
885 West Georgia Street

Vancouver,
BC V6C 3H1

E-mail:
matt@opendaily.com

(b) Any
Party may change its address for notices hereunder upon notice to each other Party in the
manner for giving notices hereunder.

(c) Any
notice hereunder shall be deemed to have been given (i) upon receipt, if personally delivered,
(ii) on the day after dispatch, if sent by overnight courier, (iii) upon dispatch, if transmitted
by email with return receipt requested and received and (iv) three (3) days after mailing,
if sent by registered or certified mail.

Section
10.04 Attorneys Fees. In the event that any Party institutes any action or suit to enforce this Agreement or to secure
relief from any default hereunder or breach hereof, the prevailing Party shall be reimbursed by the losing Party for all costs, including
reasonable attorneys fees, incurred in connection therewith and in enforcing or collecting any judgment rendered therein.

21

Section
10.05 Confidentiality. Each Party agrees that, unless and until the Transactions have been consummated, it and its representatives
will hold in strict confidence all data and information obtained with respect to another Party or any subsidiary thereof from any representative,
officer, director or employee, or from any books or records or from personal inspection, of such other Party, and shall not use such
data or information or disclose the same to others, except (i) to the extent such data or information is published, is a matter of public
knowledge, or is required by Law to be published; or (ii) to the extent that such data or information must be used or disclosed in order
to consummate the Transactions. In the event of the termination of this Agreement, each Party shall return to the applicable other Party
all documents and other materials obtained by it or on its behalf and shall destroy all copies, digests, work papers, abstracts or other
materials relating thereto, and each Party will continue to comply with the confidentiality provisions set forth herein.

Section
10.06 Public Announcements and Filings. Unless required by applicable
Law or regulatory authority, none of the Parties will issue any report, statement or press release to the general public, to the trade,
to the general trade or trade press, or to any third party (other than its advisors and representatives in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereby) or file any document, relating to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, except as may be mutually
agreed by the Parties.

Section
10.07 Third Party Beneficiaries. This contract is strictly between the Buyer and the Seller and, except as specifically provided,
no other Person and no director, officer, stockholder, employee, agent, independent contractor or any other Person shall be deemed to
be a third-party beneficiary of this Agreement.

Section
10.08 Expenses. Subject to Section 10.04, except as specifically set forth herein, whether or not the Closing occurs, each of
the Buyer and the Seller will bear their own respective expenses, including legal, accounting and professional fees, incurred in connection
with the transactions contemplated herein.

Section
10.09 Entire Agreement. This Agreement represents the entire agreement between the Parties relating to the subject matter thereof
and supersedes all prior agreements, understandings and negotiations, written or oral, with respect to such subject matter.

Section
10.10 Survival; Termination. The representations, warranties, and covenants of the respective Parties shall survive the Closing
Date and the consummation of the transactions herein contemplated for a period of six months.

22

Section
10.11 Amendment; Waiver; Remedies; Agent.

(a) At
any time prior to the Closing Date, this Agreement may be amended, modified, superseded,
terminated or cancelled, and any of the terms, covenants, representations, warranties or
conditions hereof may be waived, only by a written instrument executed by all of the Parties
hereto.

(b) Every
right and remedy provided herein shall be cumulative with every other right and remedy, whether
conferred herein, at law, or in equity, and may be enforced concurrently herewith, and no
waiver by any Party of the performance of any obligation by the other shall be construed
as a waiver of the same or any other default then, theretofore, or thereafter occurring or
existing.

(c) Neither
any failure or delay in exercising any right or remedy hereunder or in requiring satisfaction
of any condition herein nor any course of dealing shall constitute a waiver of or prevent
any Party from enforcing any right or remedy or from requiring satisfaction of any condition.
No notice to or demand on a Party waives or otherwise affects any obligation of that Party
or impairs any right of the Party giving such notice or making such demand, including any
right to take any action without notice or demand not otherwise required by this Agreement.
No exercise of any right or remedy with respect to a breach of this Agreement shall preclude
exercise of any other right or remedy, as appropriate to make the aggrieved Party whole with
respect to such breach, or subsequent exercise of any right or remedy with respect to any
other breach.

(d) Notwithstanding
anything else contained herein, no Party shall seek, nor shall any Party be liable for, consequential,
punitive or exemplary damages, under any tort, contract, equity, or other legal theory, with
respect to any breach (or alleged breach) of this Agreement or any provision hereof or any
matter otherwise relating hereto or arising in connection herewith.

Section
10.12 Arms Length Bargaining; No Presumption Against Drafter. This Agreement has been negotiated at arms-length
by parties of equal bargaining strength, each represented by counsel or having had but declined the opportunity to be represented by
counsel and having participated in the drafting of this Agreement. This Agreement creates no fiduciary or other special relationship
between the Parties, and no such relationship otherwise exists. No presumption in favor of or against any Party in the construction or
interpretation of this Agreement or any provision hereof shall be made based upon which Person might have drafted this Agreement or such
provision.

Section
10.13 Headings. The headings contained in this Agreement are intended solely for convenience and shall not affect the rights of
the Parties.

Section
10.14 Exhibits and Schedules. Any matter, information or item disclosed in the Schedules delivered under any specific representation,
warranty or covenant or Schedule number hereof, shall be deemed to have been disclosed for all purposes of this Agreement in response
to every representation, warranty or covenant in this Agreement where its application is reasonably apparent on the face of the disclosure,
even in the absence of an explicit cross reference. The inclusion of any matter, information or item in any Schedule to this Agreement
shall not be deemed to constitute an admission of any liability by the Buyer to any third party or otherwise imply, that any such matter,
information or item is material or creates a measure for materiality for the purposes of this Agreement.

23

Section
10.15 No Assignment or Delegation. No Party may assign any right or delegate any obligation hereunder, including by merger, consolidation,
operation of law, or otherwise, without the written consent of the all of the other Parties and any purported assignment or delegation
without such consent shall be void, in addition to constituting a material breach of this Agreement. This Agreement shall be binding
on the permitted successors and assigns of the Parties.

Section
10.16 Commercially Reasonable Efforts. Subject to the terms and conditions herein provided, Seller and the Buyer shall use their
respective commercially reasonable efforts to perform or fulfill all conditions and obligations to be performed or fulfilled by it under
this Agreement so that the transactions contemplated hereby shall be
consummated as soon as practicable, and to take, or cause to be taken, all actions and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary,
proper or advisable under applicable Laws and regulations to consummate and make effective this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
herein.

Section
10.17 Further Assurances. Each Party shall execute and deliver such documents and take such action, as may reasonably be requested
by any other Party hereto in order to effectuate the Transactions.

Section
10.18 Specific Performance. The Parties agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this
Agreement were not performed by them in accordance with the terms hereof or were otherwise breached and that each Party hereto shall
be entitled to an injunction or injunctions, specific performance and other equitable relief to prevent breaches of the provisions hereof
and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof, without the proof of actual damages, in addition to any other remedy to
which they are entitled at law or in equity. Each Party agrees to waive any requirement for the security or posting of any bond in connection
with any such equitable remedy, and agrees that it will not oppose the granting of an injunction, specific performance or other equitable
relief on the basis that (a) the other Party has an adequate remedy at law, or (b) an award of specific performance is not
an appropriate remedy for any reason at law or equity.

Section
10.19 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an
original and all of which taken together shall be but a single instrument. The execution and delivery of a facsimile or other electronic
transmission of a signature to this Agreement shall constitute delivery of an executed original and shall be binding upon the person
whose signature appears on the transmitted copy.

[Signatures
Appear on Following Page]

24

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the Effective Date.

Digital Brands Group, Inc.

By: /s/ John Hilburn Davis IV

Name: John Hilburn Davis IV

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Open Daily Technologies Inc.

By: /s/ Matthew Schmidt

Name: Matthew Schmidt

Title: Chief Executive Officer

25
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.1

Digital
Brands Group Inc. Acquires Assets of Open Daily Technologies Inc., a Virtual Shopping Innovation Company

Austin,
Texas April 2, 2025 Digital Brands Group, Inc. (OTC Markets: DBGI), a publicly traded company specializing
in eCommerce and Fashion, today announced that it has acquired the assets of Open Daily Technologies Inc. (Open Daily),
a company pioneering virtual shopping solutions that enhance online retail experiences and drive consumer engagement, in exchange
for 344,827 shares of common stock of Digital Brands Group, Inc.

Open
Daily: Transforming Online Retail

Open
Daily is at the forefront of next-generation digital shopping experiences, creating tools that enable brands to connect with consumers
in more engaging, immersive, and interactive ways. Open Dailys solutions help retailers increase conversions, optimize
customer journeys, and enhance online shopping with real-time interaction.

Core
Product Offerings:

Outfit
Virtual Shopping A dynamic, live shopping platform designed to replicate the in-store experience online, driving higher
engagement and conversion rates.

Outfit
Voice AI A multilingual, intelligent shopping assistant chat service that enhances customer support and personalized
shopping.

Outfit
ND-AI (Neuroscience-Driven AI) A developing platform aimed at providing deeper consumer insights through behavioral and
engagement data.

Strategic
Acquisition to Enhance Digital Retail Innovation

Digital
Brands Groups acquisition of the assets of Open Daily aligns with its strategy to expand its presence in the evolving
online shopping space, integrating interactive commerce solutions that help brands drive meaningful connections with customers.

With
Open Dailys virtual shopping technology assets, we see an opportunity to enhance digital retail experiences, said Hil Davis,
CEO of Digital Brands Group. This acquisition strengthens our ability to provide brands with innovative tools to improve engagement,
increase sales, and create a more immersive shopping environment.

About
Digital Brands Group

We
offer a wide variety of apparel through numerous brands on a direct-to-consumer and wholesale basis. We have created a business
model derived from our founding as a digitally native-first vertical brand. We focus on owning the customers closet share
by leveraging their data and purchase history to create personalized targeted content and looks for that specific customer cohort. 

Digital
Brands Group, Inc. Company Contact

Hil
Davis, CEO

Email:
invest@digitalbrandsgroup.co

https://ir.digitalbrandsgroup.co

Forward-looking
Statements

Certain
statements included in this release are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Forward-looking
statements are made based on our expectations and beliefs concerning future events impacting Digital Brands Group and therefore involve
several risks and uncertainties. You can identify these statements by the fact that they use words such as will, anticipate,
estimate, expect, should, and may and other words and terms of similar meaning
or use of future dates, however, the absence of these words or similar expressions does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking.
All statements regarding Digital Brands Groups plans, objectives, projections and expectations relating to Digital Brands Groups
operations or financial performance, and assumptions related thereto are forward-looking statements. We caution that forward-looking
statements are not guarantees and that actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking
statements. Digital Brands Group undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result
of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Potential risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual
results of operations or financial condition of Digital Brands Group to differ materially from those expressed or implied by forward-looking
statements include, but are not limited to: risks arising from the widespread outbreak of an illness or any other communicable disease,
or any other public health crisis, including the coronavirus (COVID-19) global pandemic; the level of consumer demand for apparel and
accessories; disruption to Digital Brands Groups distribution system; the financial strength of Digital Brands Groups customers;
fluctuations in the price, availability and quality of raw materials and contracted products; disruption and volatility in the global
capital and credit markets; Digital Brands Groups response to changing fashion trends, evolving consumer preferences and changing
patterns of consumer behavior; intense competition from online retailers; manufacturing and product innovation; increasing pressure on
margins; Digital Brands Groups ability to implement its business strategy; Digital Brands Groups ability to grow its wholesale
and direct-to-consumer businesses; retail industry changes and challenges; Digital Brands Groups and its vendors ability
to maintain the strength and security of information technology systems; the risk that Digital Brands Groups facilities and systems
and those of our third-party service providers may be vulnerable to and unable to anticipate or detect data security breaches and data
or financial loss; Digital Brands Groups ability to properly collect, use, manage and secure consumer and employee data; stability
of Digital Brands Groups manufacturing facilities and foreign suppliers; continued use by Digital Brands Groups suppliers
of ethical business practices; Digital Brands Groups ability to accurately forecast demand for products; continuity of members
of Digital Brands Groups management; Digital Brands Groups ability to protect trademarks and other intellectual property
rights; possible goodwill and other asset impairment; Digital Brands Groups ability to execute and integrate acquisitions; changes
in tax laws and liabilities; legal, regulatory, political and economic risks; adverse or unexpected weather conditions; Digital Brands
Groups indebtedness and its ability to obtain financing on favorable terms, if needed, could prevent Digital Brands Group from
fulfilling its financial obligations; and climate change and increased focus on sustainability issues. More information on potential
factors that could affect Digital Brands Groups financial results is included from time to time in its public reports filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission, including Annual Reports on Form 10-K, and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and Current Reports
on Form 8-K.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>dbgi-20250401.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>dbgi-20250401_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>dbgi-20250401_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 01, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 01, 2025

Entity File Number 001-40400

Entity Registrant Name DIGITAL
BRANDS GROUP, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001668010

Entity Tax Identification Number 46-1942864

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 1400
Lavaca Street

Entity Address, City or Town Austin

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 78701

City Area Code (209)

Local Phone Number 651-0172

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
19 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://digitalbrandsgroup.co/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

dbgi-20250401.xsd 
dbgi-20250401_lab.xml 
dbgi-20250401_pre.xml 
form8-k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001641172-25-002360-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001668010 

2025-04-01 
2025-04-01 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001668010 
8-K 
2025-04-01 
DIGITAL BRANDS GROUP, INC. 
DE 
001-40400 
46-1942864 
1400 Lavaca Street 
Austin 
TX 
78701 
(209) 
651-0172 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>